Ophir Frieder	Implementing scalable information retrieval systems requires the design and development of efficient methods to ingest data from multiple sources, search and retrieve results from both English and foreign language document collections and from collections comprising of multiple data types, harness high performance computer technology, and accurately answer user questions. Some recent efforts related to the development of scalable information retrieval systems are described. Particular emphasis is placed on those efforts that were adopted into commercial use.	On scalable information retrieval systems	NA	2018
Deepayan Chakrabarti:Christos Faloutsos	Forecasting has attracted a lot of research interest, with very successful methods for periodic time series. Here, we propose a fast, automated method to do non-linear forecasting, for both periodic as well as chaotic time series. We use the technique of delay coordinate embedding, which needs several parameters; our contribution is the automated way of setting these parameters, using the concept of `intrinsic dimensionality'. Our operational system has fast and scalable algorithms for preprocessing and, using R-trees, also has fast methods for forecasting. The result of this work is a black-box which, given a time series as input, finds the best parameter settings, and generates a prediction system. Tests on real and synthetic data show that our system achieves low error, while it can handle arbitrarily large datasets.	F4: large-scale automated forecasting using fractals	NA:NA	2018
Chun Tang:Aidong Zhang	High-dimensional data representation in which each data item (termed target object) is described by many features, is a necessary component of many applications. For example, in DNA microarrays, each sample (target object) is represented by thousands of genes as features. Pattern discovery of target objects presents interesting but also very challenging problems. The data sets are typically not task-specific, many features are irrelevant or redundant and should be pruned out or filtered for the purpose of classifying target objects to find empirical pattern. Uncertainty about which features are relevant makes it difficult to construct an informative feature space. This paper proposes an iterative strategy for pattern discovery in high-dimensional data sets. In this approach, the iterative process consists of two interactive components: discovering patterns within target objects and pruning irrelevant features. The performance of the proposed method with various real data sets is also illustrated.	An iterative strategy for pattern discovery in high-dimensional data sets	NA:NA	2018
Jian Pei:Jiawei Han:Wei Wang	Constraints are essential for many sequential pattern mining applications. However, there is no systematic study on constraint-based sequential pattern mining. In this paper, we investigate this issue and point out that the framework developed for constrained frequent-pattern mining does not fit our missions well. An extended framework is developed based on a sequential pattern growth methodology. Our study shows that constraints can be effectively and efficiently pushed deep into sequential pattern mining under this new framework. Moreover, this framework can be extended to constraint-based structured pattern mining as well.	Mining sequential patterns with constraints in large databases	NA:NA:NA	2018
Pável Calado:Altigran S. da Silva:Rodrigo C. Vieira:Alberto H. F. Laender:Berthier A. Ribeiro-Neto	On-line information services have become widespread in the Web nowadays. However, Web users are non-specialized and have a great variety of interests. Thus, interfaces for Web databases must be simple and uniform. In this paper we present an approach, based on Bayesian networks, for querying Web databases using keywords only. According to this approach, the user inputs a query through a simple search-box interface. From the input query, one or more plausible structured queries are derived and submitted to Web databases. The results are then retrieved and presented to the user as ranked answers. Our approach reduces the complexity of existing on-line interfaces and offers a solution to the problem of querying several distinct Web databases with a single interface. The applicability of the proposed approach was demonstrated by experimental results with 3 databases, obtained with a prototype search system that implements it. We have found that from 77% to 95% of the time, one of the top three resulting structured queries is the proper one. Further, when the user selects one of these three top queries for processing, the ranked answers present average precision figures from 60% to about 100%.	Searching web databases by structuring keyword-based queries	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chiasen Chung:Charles L. A. Clarke	A major concern in the implementation of a distributed Web crawler is the choice of a strategy for partitioning the Web among the nodes in the system. Our goal in selecting this strategy is to minimize the overlap between the activities of individual nodes. We propose a topic-oriented approach, in which the Web is partitioned into general subject areas with a crawler assigned to each. We examine design alternatives for a topic-oriented distributed crawler, including the creation of a Web page classifier for use in this context. The approach is compared experimentally with a hash-based partitioning, in which crawler assignments are determined by hash functions computed over URLs and page contents. The experimental evaluation demonstrates the feasibility of the approach, addressing issues of communication overhead, duplicate content detection, and page quality assessment.	Topic-oriented collaborative crawling	NA:NA	2018
J. Ben Schafer:Joseph A. Konstan:John Riedl	In a world where the number of choices can be overwhelming, recommender systems help users find and evaluate items of interest. They do so by connecting users with information regarding the content of recommended items or the opinions of other individuals. Such systems have become powerful tools in domains such as electronic commerce, digital libraries, and knowledge management. In this paper, we address such systems and introduce a new class of recommender system called meta-recommenders. Meta-recommenders provide users with personalized control over the generation of a single recommendation list formed from a combination of rich data using multiple information sources and recommendation techniques. We discuss experiments conducted to aid in the design of interfaces for a meta-recommender in the domain of movies. We demonstrate that meta-recommendations fill a gap in the current design of recommender systems. Finally, we consider the challenges of building real-world, usable meta-recommenders across a variety of domains.	Meta-recommendation systems: user-controlled integration of diverse recommendations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kai Yu:Xiaowei Xu:Anton Schwaighofer:Volker Tresp:Hans-Peter Kriegel	The application range of memory-based collaborative filtering (CF) is limited due to CF's high memory consumption and long runtime. The approach presented in this paper removes redundant and inconsistent instances (users) from the data. This paper aims to distinguish informative instances (users) from large raw user preference database and thus alleviate the memory and runtime cost of the widely used memory-based collaborative filtering (CF) algorithm. Our work shows that a satisfactory accuracy can be achieved by using only a small portion of the original data set, thereby alleviating the storage and runtime cost of the CF algorithm. In our approach, we consider instance selection as the problem of selecting informative data that increase the We begin by discussing the instance selection problem in a general sense that is to increase a posteriori probability of the optimal model by selecting informative data. We evaluate the empirical performance of our approach PF on two real-world data sets and attain very promisingpositive experimental results. The dData size and the prediction time are significantly reduced, while the prediction accuracy is on a par with almost the same as the results achieved by using the complete database.	Removing redundancy and inconsistency in memory-based collaborative filtering	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zheng Xuan Loh:Tok Wang Ling:Chuan Heng Ang:Sin Yeung Lee	In decision support systems, having knowledge on the top k values is more informative and crucial than the maximum value. Unfortunately, the naive method involves high computational cost and the existing methods for range-max query are inefficient if applied directly. In this paper, we propose a Pre-computed Partition Top method (PPT) to partition the data cube and pre-store a number of top values for improving query performance. The main focus of this study is to find the optimum values for two parameters, i.e., the partition factor (b) and the number of pre-stored values (r), through analytical approach. A cost function based on Poisson distribution is used for the analysis. The analytical results obtained are verified against simulation results. It is shown that the PPT method outperforms other alternative methods significantly when proper b and r are used.	Analysis of pre-computed partition top method for range top-k queries in OLAP data cubes	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bin Liu:Songting Chen:Elke A. Rundensteiner	Data warehouse view maintenance is an important issue due to the growing use of warehouse technology for information integration and data analysis. Given the dynamic nature of modern distributed environments, both data updates and schema changes are likely to occur in different data sources. In applications that the real-time refreshment of data warehouse extent under source changes is not critical, the source updates are usually maintained in a batch fashion to reduce the maintenance overhead. However, most prior work can only deal with batch source data updates. In this paper, we provide a solution strategy that is capable of batching both source data updates and schema changes. We propose techniques to first preprocess the initial source updates to summarize delta changes for each source. We then design a view adaptation algorithm to adapt the warehouse view under these delta changes. We have implemented our solutions and incorporated into an existing data warehouse prototype system. The experimental studies demonstrate excellent performance achievable by our batch techniques.	Batch data warehouse maintenance in dynamic environments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sam Y. Sung:Zhao Li:Peng Sun	Existing data cleansing methods are costly and will take very long time to cleanse large databases. Since large databases are common nowadays, it is necessary to reduce the cleansing time. Data cleansing consists of two main components, detection method and comparison method. In this paper, we first propose a simple and fast comparison method, TI-Similarity, which reduces the time for each comparison. Based on TI-Similarity, we propose a new detection method, RAR, to further reduce the number of comparisons. With RAR and TI-Similarity, our new approach for cleansing large databases is composed of two processes: Filtering process and Pruning process. In filtering process, a fast scan on the database is carried out with RAR and TI-Similarity. This process guarantees the detection of potential duplicate records but may introduce false positives. In pruning process, the duplicate result from the filtering process is pruned to eliminate the false positives using more trustworthy comparison methods. The performance study shows that our approach is efficient and scalable for cleansing large databases, and is about an order of magnitude faster than existing cleansing methods.	A fast filtering scheme for large database cleansing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mohamed A. Sharaf:Panos K. Chrysanthis	With the rapid growth in mobile and wireless technologies and the availability, pervasiveness and cost effectiveness of wireless networks, mobile computers are quickly becoming the normal front-end devices for accessing enterprise data. In this paper, we are addressing the issue of efficient delivery of business decision support data in the form of summary tables to mobile clients equipped with OLAP front-end tools. Towards this, we propose a new on-demand scheduling algorithm, called SBS, that exploits both the derivation semantics among OLAP summary tables and the mobile clients' capabilities of executing simple SQL queries. It maximizes the aggregated data sharing between clients and reduces the broadcast length compared to the already existing techniques. The degree of aggregation can be tuned to control the tradeoff between access time and energy consumption. Further, the proposed scheme adapts well to different request rates, access patterns and data distributions. The algorithm effectiveness with respect to access time and power consumption is evaluated using simulation.	Semantic-based delivery of OLAP summary tables in wireless environments	NA:NA	2018
Christos Faloutsos	How to spot abnormalities in a stream of temperature data from a sensor? Or from a network of sensors? How does the Internet look like? Are there 'abnormal' sub-graphs in a given social network, possibly indicating, e.g., money-laundering rings?We present some recent work and list many remaining challenges for these two fascinating issues in data mining, namely, streams and networks. Streams appear in numerous settings, in the form of, e.g., temperature readings, road traffic data, series of video frames for surveillance, patient physiological data. In all these settings, we want to equip the sensors with nimble, but powerful enough algorithms to look for patterns and abnormalities,(a) on a semi-infinite stream,(b) using finite memory, and (c) without human intervention.For networks, the applications are also numerous: social networks recording who knows/calls/emails whom; the Internet itself, as well as the Web, with routers and links, or pages and hyper-links; the genes and how they are related; customers and products they buy. In fact, any "many-to-many" database relationship eventually leads to a graph/network. In all these settings we want to find patterns and 'abnormalities'; the most central/important nodes; we also want to predict how the network will evolve; and we want to tackle huge graphs, with millions or billions of nodes and edges.As a promising direction towards these problems, we present some surprising tools from the theory of fractals, self-similarity and power laws. We show how the 'intrinsic' or 'fractal' dimension can help us find patterns, when traditional tools and assumptions fail. We show that self-similarity and power laws models work well in an impressive variety of settings, including real, bursty disk and web traffic; skewed distributions of click-streams; and multiple, real Internet graphs.	Future directions in data mining: streams, networks, self-similarity and power laws	NA	2018
Philippe Mulhem:Joo Hwee Lim	Photograph retrieval systems face the difficulty to deal with the different ways to apprehend the content of images. We consider and demonstrate here the use of multiple index representations of photographs to achieve effective retrieval. The use of multiple indexes allows integration of the complementary strengths of different indexing and retrieval models. The proposed representation supports multiple labels for regions and attributes, and handles inferences and relationships. We define links between indexing levels and the related query modes. The experiment conducted on 2400 home photographs shows the behavior of the multiple indexing levels during retrieval.	Symbolic photograph content-based retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Renato O. Stehling:Mario A. Nascimento:Alexandre X. Falcão	This paper presents \bic (Border/Interior pixel Classification), a compact and efficient CBIR approach suitable for broad image domains. It has three main components: (1) a simple and powerful image analysis algorithm that classifies image pixels as either border or interior, (2) a new logarithmic distance (dLog) for comparing histograms, and (3) a compact representation for the visual features extracted from images. Experimental results show that the BIC approach is consistently more compact, more efficient and more effective than state-of-the-art CBIR approaches based on sophisticated image analysis algorithms and complex distance functions. It was also observed that the dLog distance function has two main advantages over vectorial distances (e.g., L1): (1) it is able to increase substantially the effectiveness of (several) histogram-based CBIR approaches and, at the same time, (2) it reduces by 50% the space requirement to represent a histogram.	A compact and efficient image retrieval approach based on border/interior pixel classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ali Saman Tosun:Hakan Ferhatosmanoglu	Similarity based queries are common in several modern database applications, such as multimedia, scientific, and biomedical databases. In most of these systems, database responds with the tuple with the closest match according to some metric. In this paper we investigate some important security issues related to similarity search in databases. We investigate the vulnerability of such systems against users who try to copy the database by sending automated queries. We analyze two models for similarity search, namely reply model and score model. Reply model responds with the tuple with best match and score model responds with only the score of similarity search. For these models we analyze possible ways of attacks and strategies that can be used to detect attacks. Our analysis shows that in score model it is much easier to plug the vulnerabilities than in reply model. Sophisticated attacks can easily be used in reply model and the database is limited in capability to prevent such attacks.	Vulnerabilities in similarity search based systems	NA:NA	2018
Mong Li Lee:Boon Chin Chua:Wynne Hsu:Kian-Lee Tan	Traditionally, XML documents are processed at where they are stored. This allows the query processor to exploit pre-computed data structures (e.g., index) to retrieve the desired data efficiently. However, this mode of processing is not suitable for many applications where the documents are frequently updated. In such situations, efficient evaluation of multiple queries over streaming XML documents becomes important. This paper introduces a new operator, mqX-scan, which efficiently evaluates multiple queries with a single pass on streaming XML data. To facilitate matching, mqX-scan utilizes templates containing paths that have been traversed to match regular path expression patterns in a pool of queries. Results of the experiments demonstrate the efficiency and scalability of the mqX-scan operator.	Efficient evaluation of multiple queries on streaming XML data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leonidas Fegaras:David Levine:Sujoe Bose:Vamsi Chaluvadi	We are addressing the efficient processing of continuous XML streams, in which the server broadcasts XML data to multiple clients concurrently through a multicast data stream, while each client is fully responsible for processing the stream. In our framework, a server may disseminate XML fragments from multiple documents in the same stream, can repeat or replace fragments, and can introduce new fragments or delete invalid ones. A client uses a light-weight database based on our proposed XML algebra to cache stream data and to evaluate XML queries against these data. The synchronization between clients and servers is achieved through annotations and punctuations transmitted along with the data streams. We are presenting a framework for processing XML queries in XQuery form over continuous XML streams. Our framework is based on a novel XML algebra and a new algebraic optimization framework based on query decorrelation, which is essential for non-blocking stream processing.	Query processing of streamed XML data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shurug Al-Khalifa:H. V. Jagadish	A core set of efficient access methods is central to the development of any database system. In the context of an XML database, there has been considerable effort devoted to defining a good set of primitive operators and inventing efficient access methods for each individual operator. These primitive operators have been defined either at the macro-level (using a "pattern tree" to specify a selection, for example) or at the micro-level (using multiple explicit containment joins to instantiate a single XPath expression).In this paper we argue that it is valuable to consider operations at each level. We do this through a study of operator merging: the development of a new access method to implement a combination of two or more primitive operators. It is frequently the case that access methods for merged operators are superior to a pipelined execution of separate access methods for each operator. We show operator merging to be valuable at both the micro-level and the macro-level. Furthermore, we show that the corresponding merged operators are hard to reason with at the other level.Specifically, we consider the influence of projections and set operations on pattern-based selections and containment joins. We show, through both analysis and extensive experimentation, the benefits of considering these operations all together. Even though our experimental verification is only with a native XML database, we have reason to believe that our results apply equally to RDBMS-based XML query engines.	Multi-level operator combination in XML query processing	NA:NA	2018
Torsten Grabs:Klemens Böhm:Hans-Jörg Schek	A common approach to storage and retrieval of XML documents is to store them in a database, together with materialized views on their content. The advantage over "native" XML storage managers seems to be that transactions and concurrency are for free, next to other benefits. But a closer look and preliminary experiments reveal that this results in poor performance of concurrent queries and updates. The reason is that database lock contention hinders parallelism unnecessarily. We therefore investigate concurrency control at the semantic, i.e., XML level and describe a respective transaction manager XMLTM. It features a new locking protocol DGLOCK. It generalizes the protocol for locking on directed acyclic graphs by adding simple predicate locking on the content of elements, e.g., on their text. Instead of using the original XML documents, we propose to take advantage of an abstraction of the XML document collection known as DataGuides. XMLTM allows to run XML processing at the underlying database at low ANSI isolation degrees and to release database locks early without sacrificing correctness in this setting. We have built a complete prototype system that is implemented on top of the XML Extender for IBM DB2. Our evaluation shows that our approach consistently yields performance improvements by an order of magnitude. We stress that our approach can also be implemented within a native XML storage manager, and we expect even better performance.	XMLTM: efficient transaction management for XML documents	NA:NA:NA	2018
Franky Lam:Nicole Lam:Raymond Wong	Many handheld applications receive data from a primary database server and operate in an intermittently connected environment these days. They maintain data consistency with data sources through sychronization. In certain applications such as sales force automation, it is highly desirable if updates on the data source can be reflected at the handheld applications immediately. This paper proposes an efficient method to synchronize XML data on multiple mobile devices. Each device retrieves and caches a local copy of data from the database source based on a regular path expression. These local copies may be overlapping or disjoint with each other. An efficient mechanism is proposed to find all the disjoint copies to avoid unnecessary synchronizations. Each update to the data source will then be checked to identify all handheld applications which are affected by the update. Communication costs can be further reduced by eliminating the forwarding of unnecessary operations to groups of mobile clients.	Efficient synchronization for mobile XML data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hasan M. Jamil:Giovanni A. Modica	While the idea of extending XML to include object-oriented features has been gaining popularity in general, the potential of inheritance in document design has not been well recognized in contemporary research. In this paper we demonstrate that XML with dynamic inheritance aids better document designs and decreased management overheads and support increased autonomy. As an extended application, we point out that dynamic inheritance also helps effective automated web portal and ontology designs.We present an object-oriented extension to the language of XML to include dynamic inheritance and describe a middle layer that implements our system. We explain our system with several practical examples.	An object-oriented extension of XML for autonomous web applications	NA:NA	2018
Wenwu Lou:Hongjun Lu	Web access prediction is an active research topic with many applications. Various approaches have been proposed for Web access prediction in the domain of individual Web servers but they have to be tailored to the domain of proxy servers to satisfy its special requirements in prediction efficiency and scalability. In this paper, the design and implementation of proxy-based prediction service (PPS) is presented. For prediction efficiency, PPS applies a new prediction scheme which employs a two-layer navigation model to capture both inter-site and intra-site access patterns, incorporated with a bottom-up prediction mechanism that exploits reference locality in proxy logs. For system scalability, PPS manages the navigation model in disk database and adopts a predictive cache replacement strategy for data shipping between the model database and cache. We show the superiority of our prediction scheme over existing approaches and validate our model management and caching strategies, with a detailed performance study using real-world data.	Efficient prediction of web accesses on a proxy server	NA:NA	2018
Khalil Amiri:Sanghyun Park:Renu Tewari	Database caching at proxy servers enables dynamic content to be generated at the edge of the network, thereby improving the scalability and response time of web applications. The scale of deployment of edge servers coupled with the rising costs of their administration demand that such caching middleware be adaptive and self-managing. To achieve this, a cache must be dynamically populated and pruned based on the application query stream and access pattern. In this paper, we describe such a cache which maintains a large number of materialized views of previous query results. Cached "views" share physical storage to avoid redundancy, and are usually added and evicted dynamically to adapt to the current workload and to available resources. These two properties of large scale (large number of cached views) and overlapping storage introduce several challenges to query matching and storage management which are not addressed by traditional approaches. In this paper, we describe an edge data cache architecture with a flexible query matching algorithm and a novel storage management policy which work well in such an environment. We perform an evaluation of a prototype of such an architecture using the TPC-W benchmark and find that it reduces query response times by up to 75%, while reducing network and server load.	A self-managing data cache for edge-of-network web applications	NA:NA:NA	2018
Takahiro Hara	Recent advances in computer and wireless communication technologies have increased interest in push-based information systems in which a server repeatedly broadcasts data to clients through a broadband channel. In this paper, assuming an environment where clients in push-based information systems construct ad hoc networks, we propose three caching strategies in which clients cooperatively cache broadcast data items. These strategies shorten the average response time for data access by replacing cached items based on their access frequencies, the network topology, and the time remaining until each item is broadcast next. We also show the results of simulation experiments conducted to evaluate the performance of our proposed strategies.	Cooperative caching by mobile clients in push-based information systems	NA	2018
Ayman Farahat:Geoff Nunberg:Francine Chen	When searching for content in in a large heterogeneous document collections like the World Wide Web it is not easy to know which documents provide reliable authoritative information about a subject. The problem is particularly pointed as it concerns content search for "high-value" informational needs such as retrieving medical information, where the cost of error may be high. In this paper, a method is described for estimating the authoritativeness of a document based on textual, non-topical cues. This method is complementary to estimates of authoritativeness based on link structure, such as the PageRank and HITS algorithms. This method is particularly suited to "high-value" content search where the user is interested in searching for information about a specific topic. A method for combining textual estimates of authoritativeness with link analysis is also presented. The types of textual cues to authoritativeness that are easily computed and utilized by our method are described, as well as the method used to select a subset of cues to increase the computation speed. Methods for applying authoritativeness estimates to re-ranking documents returned from search engines, combining textual authoritativeness with social authority, and use in query expansion are also presented. By combining textual authority with link analysis, a more complete and robust estimate can be made of a document's authoritativeness.	AuGEAS: authoritativeness grading, estimation, and sorting	NA:NA:NA	2018
Binyamin Rosenfeld:Ronen Feldman:Yonatan Aumann	Most information extraction systems focus on the textual content of the documents. They treat documents as sequences or of words, disregarding the physical and typographical layout of the information.. While this strategy helps in focusing the extraction process on the key semantic content of the document, much valuable information can also be derived form the document physical appearance. Often, fonts, physical positioning and other graphical characteristics are used to provide additional context to the information. This information is lost with pure-text analysis. In this paper we describe a general procedure for structural extraction, which allows for automatic extraction of entities from the document based on their visual characteristics and relative position in the document layout. Our structural extraction procedure is a learning algorithm, which knows how to automatically generalizes from examples. The procedure is a general one, applicable to any document format with visual and typographical information. We also then describe a specific implementation of the procedure to PDF documents, called PES (PDF Extraction System). PES works with PDF documents and is able to extract such fields such as Author(s), Title, Date, etc. with very high accuracy.	Structural extraction from visual layout of documents	NA:NA:NA	2018
Thorsten Brants:Francine Chen:Ioannis Tsochantaridis	This paper presents a new method for topic-based document segmentation, i.e., the identification of boundaries between parts of a document that bear on different topics. The method combines the use of the Probabilistic Latent Semantic Analysis (PLSA) model with the method of selecting segmentation points based on the similarity values between pairs of adjacent blocks. The use of PLSA allows for a better representation of sparse information in a text block, such as a sentence or a sequence of sentences. Furthermore, segmentation performance is improved by combining different instantiations of the same model, either using different random initializations or different numbers of latent classes. Results on commonly available data sets are significantly better than those of other state-of-the-art systems.	Topic-based document segmentation with probabilistic latent semantic analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Caetano Traina, Jr.:Agma Traina:Roberto Santos Filho:Christos Faloutsos	Complex data retrieval is accelerated using index structures, which organize the data in order to prune comparisons between data during queries. In metric spaces, comparison operations can be specially expensive, so the pruning ability of indexing methods turns out to be specially meaningful. This paper shows how to measure the pruning power of metric access methods, and defines a new measurement, called "prunability," which indicates how well a pruning technique carries out the task of cutting down distance calculations at each tree level. It also presents a new dynamic access method, aiming to minimize the number of distance calculations required to answer similarity queries. We show that this novel structure is up to 3 times faster and requires less than 25% distance calculations to answer similarity queries, as compared to existing methods. This gain in performance is achieved by taking advantage of a set of global representatives. Although our technique uses multiple representatives, the index structure still remains dynamic and balanced.	How to improve the pruning ability of dynamic metric access methods	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yangjun Chen:Duren Che:Karl Aberer	In this paper, a new technique is developed to support the query relaxation in biological databases. Query relaxation is required due to the fact that queries tend not to be expressed exactly by the users, especially in scientific databases such as biological databases, in which complex domain knowledge is heavily involved. To treat this problem, we propose the concept of the so-called fuzzy equivalence classes to capture important kinds of domain knowledge that is used to relax queries. This concept is further integrated with the canonical techniques for pattern searching such as the position tree and automaton theory. As a result, fuzzy queries produced through relaxation can be efficiently evaluated. This method has been successfully utilized in a practical biological database - the GPCRDB.	On the efficient evaluation of relaxed queries in biological databases	NA:NA:NA	2018
A. Prasad Sistla:Tao Hu:Vikas Chowdhry	Similarity based retrieval from sequence databases is of importance in many applications such as time-series, video and textual databases. In this paper, automata based formalisms are introduced for specifying queries over such databases. Various measures defining the distance of a database sequence from an automaton are defined. Efficient methods for similarity based retrieval are presented for each of the distance measures. These methods answer nearest neighbor queries (i.e. retrieval of k closest subsequences), or range queries (i.e., retrieval of all sequences with in a given distance).	Similarity based retrieval from sequence databases using automata as queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
James W. Cooper:Anni R. Coden:Eric W. Brown	We describe a system for rapidly determining document similarity among a set of documents obtained from an information retrieval (IR) system. We obtain a ranked list of the most important terms in each document using a rapid phrase recognizer system. We store these in a database and compute document similarity using a simple database query. If the number of terms found to not be contained in both documents is less than some predetermined threshold compared to the total number of terms in the document, these documents are determined to be very similar. We compare this to the shingles approach.	Detecting similar documents using salient terms	NA:NA:NA	2018
Warren R. Greiff:William T. Morgan:Jay M. Ponte	In probabilistic approaches to information retrieval, the occurrence of a query term in a document contributes to the probability that the document will be judged relevant. It is typically assumed that the weight assigned to a query term should be based on the expected value of that contribution. In this paper we show that the degree to which observable document features such as term frequencies are expected to vary is also important. By means of stochastic simulation, we show that increased variance results in degraded retrieval performance. We further show that by decreasing term weights in the presence of variance, this degradation can be reduced. Hence, probabilistic models of information retrieval must take into account not only the expected value of a query term's contribution but also the variance of document features.	The role of variance in term weighting for probabilistic information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
P. D. Bruza:D. Song	The language modelling approach to information retrieval can also be used to compute query models. A query model can be envisaged as an expansion of an initial query. The more prominent query models in the literature have a probabilistic basis. This paper introduces an alternative, non-probabilistic approach to query modelling whereby the strength of information flow is computed between a query Q and a term w. Information flow is a reflection of how strongly w is informationally contained within the query Q. The information flow model is based on Hyperspace Analogue to Language (HAL) vector representations, which reflects the lexical co-occurrence information of terms. Research from cognitive science has demonstrated the cognitive compatibility of HAL representations with human processing. Query models computed from TREC queries by HAL-based information flow are compared experimentally with two probabilistic query language models. Experimental results are provided showing the HAL-based information flow model be superior to query models computed via Markov chains, and seems to be as effective as a probabilistically motivated relevance model.	Inferring query models by computing information flow	NA:NA	2018
Sihem Amer-Yahia:Mary Fernández:Rick Greer:Divesh Srivastava	Heterogeneity arises naturally in virtually all real-world data. This paper presents evolutionary extensions to a relational database system for supporting three classes of data heterogeneity: variational, structural and annotational heterogeneities. We define these classes and show the impact of these new features on data storage, data-access mechanisms, and the data-description language. Since XML is an important source of heterogeneity, we describe how the system automatically utilizes these new features when storing XML documents.	Logical and physical support for heterogeneous data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dongwon Lee:Murali Mani:Frank Chiu:Wesley W. Chu	Two algorithms, called NeT and CoT, to translate relational schemas to XML schemas using various semantic constraints are presented. The XML schema representation we use is a language-independent formalism named XSchema, that is both precise and concise. A given XSchema can be mapped to a schema in any of the existing XML schema language proposals. Our proposed algorithms have the following characteristics: (1) NeT derives a nested structure from a flat relational model by repeatedly applying the nest operator on each table so that the resulting XML schema becomes hierarchical, and (2) CoT considers not only the structure of relational schemas, but also semantic constraints such as inclusion dependencies during the translation. It takes as input a relational schema where multiple tables are interconnected through inclusion dependencies and converts it into a good XSchema. To validate our proposals, we present experimental results using both real schemas from the UCI repository and synthetic schemas from TPC-H.	NeT & CoT: translating relational schemas to XML schemas using semantic constraints	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mong Li Lee:Liang Huai Yang:Wynne Hsu:Xia Yang	It is increasingly important to develop scalable integration techniques for the growing number of XML data sources. A practical starting point for the integration of large numbers of Document Type Definitions (DTDs) of XML sources would be to first find clusters of DTDs that are similar in structure and semantics. Reconciling similar DTDs within such a cluster will be an easier task than reconciling DTDs that are different in structure and semantics as the latter would involve more restructuring. We introduce XClust, a novel integration strategy that involves the clustering of DTDs. A matching algorithm based on the semantics, immediate descendents and leaf-context similarity of DTD elements is developed. Our experiments to integrate real world DTDs demonstrate the effectiveness of the XClust approach.	XClust: clustering XML schemas for effective integration	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vana Kalogeraki:Dimitrios Gunopulos:D. Zeinalipour-Yazti	One important problem in peer-to-peer (P2P) networks is searching and retrieving the correct information. However, existing searching mechanisms in pure peer-to-peer networks are inefficient due to the decentralized nature of such networks. We propose two mechanisms for information retrieval in pure peer-to-peer networks. The first, the modified Breadth-First Search (BFS) mechanism, is an extension of the current Gnuttela protocol, allows searching with keywords, and is designed to minimize the number of messages that are needed to search the network. The second, the Intelligent Search mechanism, uses the past behavior of the P2P network to further improve the scalability of the search procedure. In this algorithm, each peer autonomously decides which of its peers are most likely to answer a given query. The algorithm is entirely distributed, and therefore scales well with the size of the network. We implemented our mechanisms as middleware platforms. To show the advantages of our mechanisms we present experimental results using the middleware implementation.	A local search mechanism for peer-to-peer networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yugyung Lee:Changgyu Oh:Eun Kyo Park	Emerging peer-to-peer computing provides new possibilities but also challenges for distributed applications. Despite their significant potential, current peer-to-peer networks lack efficient knowledge discovery and management. This paper addresses this deficiency and proposes the Intelligent File Sharing framework, which provides an effective and flexible query for P2P file sharing. The IFS is based on powerful schema and flexible inference, as well as efficiently integrated and extensible retrieval algorithms. Experimental results have provided evidence of the high performance and scalability of the Intelligent File Sharing (IFS) system in peer-to-peer environments.	Intelligent knowledge discovery in peer-to-peer file sharing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Won-Young Kim:Kyu-Young Whang:Byung Suk Lee:Young-Koo Lee:Ji-Woong Chang	In a database management system (DBMS), partial rollback is an important mechanism for canceling only part of the operations executed in a transaction back to a savepoint. Partial rollback complicates buffer management because it should restore the state of the buffers as well as that of the database. Several relational DBMSs (RDBMSs) currently provide this mechanism using page buffers. However, object-oriented or object-relational DBMSs (OO/ORDBMSs) cannot utilize the partial rollback scheme of RDBMSs as is because, unlike RDBMSs, many of them use a dual buffer consisting of an object buffer and a page buffer. In this paper, we propose a thorough study of partial rollback schemes of OO/ORDBMSs with a dual buffer. First, we classify the partial rollback schemes of OO/ORDBMSs into a single buffer-based scheme and a dual buffer-based scheme by the number of buffers used to process rollback. Next, we propose four alternative partial rollback schemes: a page buffer-based scheme, an object buffer-based scheme, a dual buffer-based scheme using a soft log, and a dual buffer-based scheme using shadows. We then evaluate their performance through simulations. The results show that the dual buffer-based partial rollback scheme using shadows provides the best performance. Partial rollback in OO/ORDBMS has not been addressed in the literature; yet, it is a useful mechanism that must be implemented. The proposed schemes are practical ones that can be implemented in such DBMSs.	Partial rollback in object-oriented/object-relational database management systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Falk Scholer:Hugh E. Williams	We introduce a novel technique for document summarisation which we call query association. Query association is based on the notion that a query that is highly similar to a document is a good descriptor of that document. For example, the user query "richmond football club" is likely to be a good summary of the content of a document that is ranked highly in response to the query. We describe this process of defining, maintaining, and presenting the relationship between a user query and the documents that are retrieved in response to that query. We show that associated queries are an excellent technique for describing a document: for relevance judgement, associated queries are as effective as a simple online query-biased summarisation technique. As future work, we suggest additional uses for query association including relevance feedback and query expansion.	Query association for effective retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Jie Lu:Jamie Callan	Query-based sampling is a method of discovering the contents of a text database by submitting queries to a search engine and observing the documents returned. In prior research sampled documents were used to build resource descriptions for automatic database selection, and to build a centralized sample database for query expansion and result merging. An unstated assumption was that the associated storage costs were acceptable.When sampled documents are long, storage costs can be large. This paper investigates methods of pruning long documents to reduce storage costs. The experimental results demonstrate that building resource descriptions and centralized sample databases from the pruned contents of sampled documents can reduce storage costs by 54-93% while causing only minor losses in the accuracy of distributed information retrieval.	Pruning long documents for distributed information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Mohammed Aljlayl:Ophir Frieder	The inflectional structure of a word impacts the retrieval accuracy of information retrieval systems of Latin-based languages. We present two stemming algorithms for Arabic information retrieval systems. We empirically investigate the effectiveness of surface-based retrieval. This approach degrades retrieval precision since Arabic is a highly inflected language. Accordingly, we propose root-based retrieval. We notice a statistically significant improvement over the surface-based approach. Many variant word senses are based on an identical root; thus, the root-based algorithm creates invalid conflation classes that result in an ambiguous query which degrades the performance by adding extraneous terms. To resolve ambiguity, we propose a novel light-stemming algorithm for Arabic texts. This automatic rule-based stemming algorithm is not as aggressive as the root extraction algorithm. We show that the light stemming algorithm significantly outperforms the root-based algorithm. We also show that a significant improvement in retrieval precision can be achieved with light inflectional analysis of Arabic words.	On arabic search: improving the retrieval effectiveness via a light stemming approach	NA:NA	2018
Yan Liu:Yiming Yang:Jaime Carbonell	This paper studies the effects of boosting in the context of different classification methods for text categorization, including Decision Trees, Naive Bayes, Support Vector Machines (SVMs) and a Rocchio-style classifier. We identify the inductive biases of each classifier and explore how boosting, as an error-driven resampling mechanism, reacts to those biases. Our experiments on the Reuters-21578 benchmark show that boosting is not effective in improving the performance of the base classifiers on common categories. However, the effect of boosting for rare categories varies across classifiers: for SVMs and Decision Trees, we achieved a 13-17% performance improvement in macro-averaged F1 measure, but did not obtain substantial improvement for the other two classifiers. This interesting finding of boosting on rare categories has not been reported before.	Boosting to correct inductive bias in text classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mukund Deshpande:George Karypis	Advances in the efficient discovery of frequent itemsets have led to the development of a number of schemes that use frequent itemsets to aid developing accurate and efficient classifiers. These approaches use the frequent itemsets to generate a set of composite features that expand the dimensionality of the underlying dataset. In this paper, we build upon this work and (i) present a variety of schemes for composite feature selection that achieve a substantial reduction in the number of features without adversely affecting the accuracy gains, and (ii) show (both analytically and experimentally) that the composite features can lead to improved classification models even in the context of support vector machines, in which the dimensionality can automatically be expanded by the use of appropriate kernel functions.	Using conjunction of attribute values for classification	NA:NA	2018
Mao Chen:Andrea LaPaugh:Jaswinder Pal Singh	Many web sites have dynamic information objects whose topics change over time. Classifying these objects automatically and promptly is a challenging and important problem for site masters. Traditional content-based and link structure based classification techniques have intrinsic limitations for this task. This paper proposes a framework to classify an object into an existing category structure by analyzing the users' traversals in the category structure. The key idea is to infer an object's topic from the predicted preferences of users when they access the object. We compare two approaches using this idea. One analyzes collective user behavior and the other each user's accesses. We present experimental results on actual data that demonstrate a much higher prediction accuracy and applicability with the latter approach. We also analyze the correlation between classification quality and various factors such as the number of users accessing the object. To our knowledge, this work is the first effort in combining object classification with user access prediction.	Categorizing information objects from user access patterns	NA:NA:NA	2018
Maria Zemankova	The survey of the CIKM Call for Papers for the period 1998 - 2002 demonstrates that the CIKM organizers very accurately "identify challenging problems facing the development of future knowledge and information systems [in] applied and theoretical research" [1998] and also play an important role fostering "bridging traditionally separated areas such as databases and information retrieval, or those that apply techniques from one area to another" [2001, 2002]. The presented CIKM papers also indicate that researchers work on interesting problems. This talk will discuss some additional research topics for future consideration by the CIKM community.In most cases, to achieve important results, research needs to be well supported. If you are not getting the funding you need, this talk may provide some pointers where you can look for finding. If you are well supported, I will try to convince you that you can be instrumental in improving the funding scenario for everybody, by mentoring the junior members of the CIKM community, by forming collaborative (international, interdisciplinary) teams and by letting the funders know what you find conducive to your research and what you consider a hindrance. Regardless if you are well funded or not, it is most helpful if you are active in identifying new research directions and also assist in evaluating the priorities.The most frequent problem for inadequate funding is lack of funds. However, researchers can help! This can be achieved in many different ways: thinking about long-term applications of fundamental research to societal needs; working with communities that can directly benefit from research; sharing the research results not only with the research colleagues, but also wider constituencies - at their appropriate levels; and informing your funders about your spectacular achievements, i.e., providing good reasons for increasing the research funding.CIKM strives to bring together research communities that traditionally do not work together. Providing a forum for interdisciplinary research is laudable and very important, as very often interdisciplinary or international research is not "appreciated". This talk will discuss how we could gradually change the discipline- and country-based "appraisal" cultures. We will also attempt to answer the question: "What is the ultimate appreciation?" (Nobel Prize? ...successful .com?... ???).	Knowledge and information management: is it possible to do interesting and important research, get funded, be useful and appreciated?	NA	2018
Xiaoyong Liu:W. Bruce Croft	Previous research has shown that passage-level evidence can bring added benefits to document retrieval when documents are long or span different subject areas. Recent developments in language modeling approach to IR provided a new effective alternative to traditional retrieval models. These two streams of research motivate us to examine the use of passages in a language model framework. This paper reports on experiments using passages in a simple language model and a relevance model, and compares the results with document-based retrieval. Results from the INQUERY search engine, which is not based on a language modeling approach, are also given for comparison. Test data include two heterogeneous and one homogeneous document collections. Our experiments show that passage retrieval is feasible in the language modeling context, and more importantly, it can provide more reliable performance than retrieval based on full documents.	Passage retrieval based on language models	NA:NA	2018
Ramesh Nallapati:James Allan	We describe a new probabilistic Sentence Tree Language Modeling approach that captures term dependency patterns in Topic Detection and Tracking's (TDT) Story Link Detection task. New features of the approach include modeling the syntactic structure of sentences in documents by a sentence-bin approach and a computationally efficient algorithm for capturing the most significant sentence-level term dependencies using a Maximum Spanning Tree approach, similar to Van Rijsbergen's modeling of document-level term dependencies.The new model is a good discriminator of on-topic and off-topic story pairs providing evidence that sentence-level term dependencies contain significant information about relevance. Although runs on a subset of the TDT2 corpus show that the model is outperformed by the unigram language model, a mixture of the unigram and the Sentence Tree models is shown to improve on the best performance especially in the regions of low false alarms.	Capturing term dependencies using a language model based on sentence trees	NA:NA	2018
Luo Si:Rong Jin:Jamie Callan:Paul Ogilvie	Statistical language models have been proposed recently for several information retrieval tasks, including the resource selection task in distributed information retrieval. This paper extends the language modeling approach to integrate resource selection, ad-hoc searching, and merging of results from different text databases into a single probabilistic retrieval model. This new approach is designed primarily for Intranet environments, where it is reasonable to assume that resource providers are relatively homogeneous and can adopt the same kind of search engine. Experiments demonstrate that this new, integrated approach is at least as effective as the prior state-of-the-art in distributed IR.	A language modeling framework for resource selection and results merging	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alexandros Nanopoulos:Yannis Manolopoulos:Yannis Theodoridis	In this paper we describe a new density-biased sampling algorithm. It exploits spatial indexes and the local density information they preserve, to provide improved quality of sampling result and fast access to elements of the dataset. It attains improved sampling quality, with respect to factors like skew, noise or dimensionality. Moreover, it has the advantage of efficiently handling dynamic updates, and it requires low execution times. The performance of the proposed method is examined experimentally. The comparative results illustrate its superiority over existing methods.	An efficient and effective algorithm for density biased sampling	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jia-Yu Pan:Christos Faloutsos	Are "tornado" touchdowns related to "earthquakes"? How about to "floods", or to "hurricanes"? In Informedia [14], using a gazetteer on news video clips, we map news onto points on the globe and find correlations between sets of points. In this paper we show how to find answers to such questions, and how to look for patterns on the geo-spatial relationships of news events. The proposed tool is "GeoPlot", which is fast to compute and gives a lot of useful information which traditional text retrieval can not find.We describe our experiments on 2-year worth of video data (~ 20 Gbytes). There we found that GeoPlot can find unexpected correlations that text retrieval would never find, such as those between "earthquake" and "volcano", and "tourism" and "wine".In addition, GeoPlot provides a good visualization of a data set's characteristics. Characteristics at all scales are shown in one plot and a wealth of information is given, for example, geo-spatial clusters, characteristic scales, and intrinsic (fractal) dimensions of the events' locations.	"GeoPlot": spatial data mining on video libraries	NA:NA	2018
Hongjun Zhu:Jianwen Su:Oscar H. Ibarra	An important class of queries in moving object databases involves trajectories. We propose to divide trajectory predicates into topological and non-topological parts; extend the 9 intersection model of Egenhofer-Franzosa to a 3-step evaluation strategy for trajectory queries: a filter step, a refinement step, and a tracing step.The filter and refinement steps are similar to region searches. As in spatial databases, approximations of trajectories are typically used in evaluating trajectory queries. In earlier studies, minimum bounding boxes (mbrs) are used to approximate trajectory segments which allow index structures to be built, e.g., TB-trees and R*-trees. The use of mbrs hinders the efficiency since mbrs are very coarse approximations especially for trajectory segments. To overcome this problem, we propose a new type of approximations, "minimum bounding octagon prism" mbop. We extend R*-tree to a new index structure "Octagon-Prism tree" (OP-tree) for mbops of trajectory segments. We conducted experiments to evaluate efficiency of OP-trees in performing region searches and trajectory queries. The results show that OP-trees improve region searches significantly over synthetic trajectory data sets to TB-trees and R*-trees and can significantly reduce the evaluation cost of trajectory queries compared to TB-trees.	Trajectory queries and octagons in moving object databases	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jia-Lien Hsu:Arbee L. P. Chen:Hung-Chen Chen:Ning-Han Liu	In this paper, we describe the Ultima project which aims to construct a platform for evaluating various approaches of music information retrieval. Two kinds of approaches are adopted in this project. These approaches differ in various aspects, such as representations of music objects, index structures, and approximate query processing strategies. For a fair comparison, we propose a measurement of the retrieval effectiveness by recall-precision curves with a scaling factor adjustment. Finally, the performance study of the retrieval effectiveness based on various factors of these approaches is presented.	The effectiveness study of various music information retrieval approaches	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeremy Pickens:Tim Crawford	Most work in the ad hoc music retrieval field has focused on the retrieval of monophonic documents using monophonic queries. Polyphony adds considerably more complexity. We present a method by which polyphonic music documents may be retrieved by polyphonic music queries. A new harmonic description technique is given, wherein the information from all chords, rather than the most significant chord, is used. This description is then combined in a new and unique way with Markov statistical methods to create models of both documents and queries. Document models are compared to query models and then ranked by score. Though test collections for music are currently scarce, we give the first known recall-precision graphs for polyphonic music retrieval, and results are favorable.	Harmonic models for polyphonic music retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Chih-Chin Liu:Chuan-Sung Huang	As there is a growing amount of MP3 music data available on the Internet today, the problems related to music classification and content-based music retrieval are getting more attention recently. In this paper, we propose an approach to automatically classify MP3 music objects according to their singers. First, the coefficients extracted from the output of the polyphase filters are used to compute the MP3 features for segmentation. Based on these features, an MP3 music object can be decomposed into a sequence of notes (or phonemes). Then for each MP3 phoneme in the training set, its MP3 feature is extracted and used to train an MP3 classifier which can identify the singer of an unknown MP3 music object. Experiments are performed and analyzed to show the effectiveness of the proposed method.	A singer identification technique for content-based classification of MP3 music objects	NA:NA	2018
Yi Chen:Susan B. Davidson:Yifeng Zheng	The role of XML in data exchange is evolving from one of merely conveying the structure of data to one that also conveys its semantics. In particular, several proposals for key and foreign key constraints have recently appeared, and aspects of these proposals have been adopted within XMLSchema.In this paper, we examine the problem of checking keys and foreign keys in XML documents using a validator based on SAX. The algorithm relies on an indexing technique based on the paths found in key definitions, and can be used for checking the correctness of an entire document (bulk checking) as well as for checking updates as they are made to the document (incremental checking). The asymptotic performance of the algorithm is linear in the size of the document or update. Furthermore, experimental results demonstrate reasonable performance.	XKvalidator: a constraint validator for XML	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gösta Grahne:Jianfei Zhu	Keys are very important in many aspects of data management, such as guiding query formulation, query optimization, indexing, etc. We consider the situation where an XML document does not come with key definitions, and we are interested in using data mining techniques to obtain a representation of the keys holding in a document. In order to have a compact representation of the set of keys holding in a document, we define a partial order on the set of all key expressions. This order is based on an analysis of the properties of absolute and relative keys for XML. Given the existence of the partial order, only a reduced set of key expressions need to be discovered.Due to the semistructured nature of XML documents, it turns out to be useful to consider keys that hold in "almost" the whole document, that is, they are violated only in a small part of the document. To this end, the support and confidence of a key expression are also defined, and the concept of approximate key expression is introduced. We give an efficient algorithm to mine a reduced set of approximate keys from an XML document.	Discovering approximate keys in XML data	NA:NA	2018
Urvi Shah:Tim Finin:Anupam Joshi:R. Scott Cost:James Matfield	We describe an approach to retrieval of documents that contain of both free text and semantically enriched markup. In particular, we present the design and implementation prototype of a framework in which both documents and queries can be marked up with statements in the DAML+OIL semantic web language. These statements provide both structured and semi-structured information about the documents and their content. We claim that indexing text and semantic markup together will significantly improve retrieval performance. Our approach allows inferencing to be done over this information at several points: when a document is indexed, when a query is processed and when query results are evaluated.	Information retrieval on the semantic web	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lin Qiao:Divyakant Agrawal:Amr El Abbadi	Maintaining approximate aggregates and summaries over data streams is crucial to handle the OLAP query workload that arises in applications, such as network monitoring and telecommunications. Furthermore, since the entire data is not available at all times the maintenance task must be done incrementally. We show that R(elaxed)Hist(ogram) is an appropriate summarization under data stream scenario. In order to reduce query estimation errors, we propose adaptive approaches which not only capture the data distribution, but also integrate independent query patterns. We introduce a workload decay model to efficiently capture global workload information and ensure that the query patterns from the recent past are weighted more than queries that are further in the past. We verify experimentally that our approach successfully adapts to continuously changing workload as well as data streams.	RHist: adaptive summarization over continuous data streams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kun-Lung Wu:Philip S. Yu	Monitoring continual queries or subscriptions is to determine the subset of all queries or subscriptions whose predicates match a given event. Predicates contain not only equality but also non-equality clauses. Event matching is usually accomplished by first identifying a "small" candidate set of subscriptions for an event and then determining the matched subscriptions from the candidate set. Prior work has focused on using equality clauses to identify the candidate set. However, we found that completely ignoring non-equality clauses can result in a much larger candidate set. In this paper, we present and evaluate an adaptive multiple key hashing (AMKH) method to judiciously include an effective subset of non-equality clauses in candidate set identification. Each subscription is mapped to a data point in a multidimensional space based on its predicate clauses. AMKH is then used to maintain subscriptions and perform event matching. AMKH further provides a controlling mechanism to limit the hash range of a non-equality clause, hence reducing the size of the candidate set. Simulations are conducted to study the performance of AMKH. The results show that (1) a small number of non-equality clauses can be effectively included by AMKH and (2) the attributes whose overall non-equality predicate clauses are most selective should be chosen for inclusion by AMKH.	Efficient query monitoring using adaptive multiple key hashing	NA:NA	2018
Like Gao:Zhengrong Yao:X. Sean Wang	For many applications, it is important to quickly locate the nearest neighbor of a given time series. When the given time series is a streaming one, nearest neighbors may need to be found continuously at all time positions. Such a standing request is called a continuous nearest neighbor query. This paper seeks fast evaluation of continuous queries on large databases. The initial strategy is to use the result of one evaluation to restrict the search space for the next. A more fundamental idea is to extend the existing indexing methods, used in many traditional nearest neighbor algorithms, with pre-fetching. Specifically, pre-fetching is to predict the next value of the stream before it arrives, and to process the query as if the predicted value were the real one in order to load the needed index pages and time series into the allocated cache memory. Furthermore, if the pre-fetched candidates cannot fit into the cache memory, they are stored in a sequential file to facilitate fast access to them. Experiments show that pre-fetching improves the response time greatly over the direct use of traditional algorithms, even if the caching provided by the operating system is taken into consideration.	Evaluating continuous nearest neighbor queries for streaming time series via pre-fetching	NA:NA:NA	2018
Masahiro Motoyoshi:Takao Miura:Kohei Watanabe	In this investigation, we discuss how to mine Temporal Class Schemes to model a collection of time series data. From the viewpoint of temporal data mining, this problem can be seen as discretizing time series data or aggregating them. Also this can be considered as screening (or noise filtering). From the viewpoint of temporal databases, the issue is how we represent the data and how we can obtain intensional aspects as temporal schemes. In other words, we discuss scheme discovery for temporal data. Given a collection of temporal objects along with time axis (called log), we examine the data and we introduce a notion of temporal frequent classes to describe them. As the main results of this investigation, we can show that there exists one and only one interval decomposition and the temporal classes related to them. Also we give experimental results that prove the feasibility to time series data.	Mining temporal classes from time series data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yitong Wang:Masaru Kitsuregawa	Clustering is currently one of the most crucial techniques for dealing (e.g. resources locating, information interpreting) with massive amount of heterogeneous information on the web. Unlike clustering in other fields, web page clustering separates unrelated pages and clusters related pages (to a specific topic) into semantically meaningful groups, which is useful for discrimination, summarization, organization and navigation of unstructured web pages. We have proposed a contents-link coupled clustering algorithm that clusters web pages by combining contents and link analysis. In this paper, we particularly study the effects of out-links (from the web pages), in-links (to the web page) and terms on the final clustering results as well as how to effectively combine these three parts to improve the quality of clustering results. We apply it to cluster web search results. Preliminary experiments and evaluations are conducted on various topics. As the experimental results show, the proposed clustering algorithm is effective and promising.	Evaluating contents-link coupled web page clustering for web search results	NA:NA	2018
Eric Glover:David M. Pennock:Steve Lawrence:Robert Krovetz	We create a statistical model for inferring hierarchical term relationships about a topic, given only a small set of example web pages on the topic, without prior knowledge of any hierarchical information. The model can utilize either the full text of the pages in the cluster or the context of links to the pages. To support the model, we use "ground truth" data taken from the category labels in the Open Directory. We show that the model accurately separates terms in the following classes: self terms describing the cluster, parent terms describing more general concepts, and child terms describing specializations of the cluster. For example, for a set of biology pages, sample parent, self, and child terms are science, biology, and genetics respectively. We create an algorithm to predict parent, self, and child terms using the new model, and compare the predictions to the ground truth data. The algorithm accurately ranks a majority of the ground truth terms highly, and identifies additional complementary terms missing in the Open Directory.	Inferring hierarchical descriptions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ying Zhao:George Karypis	Fast and high-quality document clustering algorithms play an important role in providing intuitive navigation and browsing mechanisms by organizing large amounts of information into a small number of meaningful clusters. In particular, hierarchical clustering solutions provide a view of the data at different levels of granularity, making them ideal for people to visualize and interactively explore large document collections.In this paper we evaluate different partitional and agglomerative approaches for hierarchical clustering. Our experimental evaluation showed that partitional algorithms always lead to better clustering solutions than agglomerative algorithms, which suggests that partitional clustering algorithms are well-suited for clustering large document datasets due to not only their relatively low computational requirements, but also comparable or even better clustering performance. We present a new class of clustering algorithms called constrained agglomerative algorithms that combine the features of both partitional and agglomerative algorithms. Our experimental results showed that they consistently lead to better hierarchical solutions than agglomerative or partitional algorithms alone.	Evaluation of hierarchical clustering algorithms for document datasets	NA:NA	2018
Wahyu Wibowo:Hugh E. Williams	On the Web, browsing and searching categories is a popular method of finding documents. Two well-known category-based search systems are the Yahoo!~and DMOZ hierarchies, which are maintained by experts who assign documents to categories. However, manual categorisation by experts is costly, subjective, and not scalable with the increasing volumes of data that must be processed. Several methods have been investigated for effective automatic text categorisation. These include selection of categorisation methods, selection of pre-categorised training samples, use of hierachies, and selection of document fragments or features. In this paper, we further investigate categorisation into Web hierarchies and the role of hierarchical information in improving categorisation effectiveness. We introduce new strategies to reduce errors in hierarchical categorisation. In particular, we propose novel techniques that shift the assignment into higher level categories when lower level assignment is uncertain. Our results show that absolute error rates can be reduced by over 2%.	Strategies for minimising errors in hierarchical web categorisation	NA:NA	2018
Jamie Callan:Teruko Mitamura	The usual approach to named-entity detection is to learn extraction rules that rely on linguistic, syntactic, or document format patterns that are consistent across a set of documents. However, when there is no consistency among documents, it may be more effective to learn document-specific extraction rules.This paper presents a knowledge-based approach to learning rules for named-entity extraction. Document-specific extraction rules are created using a generate-and-test paradigm and a database of known named-entities. Experimental results show that this approach is effective on Web documents that are difficult for the usual methods.	Knowledge-based extraction of named entities	NA:NA	2018
Mark Montague:Javed A. Aslam	We present a new algorithm for improving retrieval results by combining document ranking functions: Condorcet-fuse. Beginning with one of the two major classes of voting procedures from Social Choice Theory, the Condorcet procedure, we apply a graph-theoretic analysis that yields a sorting-based algorithm that is elegant, efficient, and effective. The algorithm performs very well on TREC data, often outperforming existing metasearch algorithms whether or not relevance scores and training data is available. Condorcet-fuse significantly outperforms Borda-fuse, the analogous representative from the other major class of voting algorithms.	Condorcet fusion for improved retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Yen-Yu Chen:Qingqing Gan:Torsten Suel	Over the last few years, most major search engines have integrated link-based ranking techniques in order to provide more accurate search results. One widely known approach is the Pagerank technique, which forms the basis of the Google ranking scheme, and which assigns a global importance measure to each page based on the importance of other pages pointing to it. The main advantage of the Pagerank measure is that it is independent of the query posed by a user; this means that it can be precomputed and then used to optimize the layout of the inverted index structure accordingly. However, computing the Pagerank measure requires implementing an iterative process on a massive graph corresponding to billions of web pages and hyperlinks.In this paper, we study I/O-efficient techniques to perform this iterative computation. We derive two algorithms for Pagerank based on techniques proposed for out-of-core graph algorithms, and compare them to two existing algorithms proposed by Haveliwala. We also consider the implementation of a recently proposed topic-sensitive version of Pagerank. Our experimental results show that for very large data sets, significant improvements over previous results can be achieved on machines with moderate amounts of memory. On the other hand, at most minor improvements are possible on data sets that are only moderately larger than memory, which is the case in many practical scenarios.	I/O-efficient techniques for computing pagerank	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fang Liu:Clement Yu:Weiyi Meng	Current web search engines are built to serve all users, independent of the needs of any individual user. Personalization of web search is to carry out retrieval for each user incorporating his/her interests. We propose a novel technique to map a user query to a set of categories, which represent the user's search intention. This set of categories can serve as a context to disambiguate the words in the user's query. A user profile and a general profile are learned from the user's search history and a category hierarchy respectively. These two profiles are combined to map a user query into a set of categories. Several learning and combining algorithms are evaluated and found to be effective. Among the algorithms to learn a user profile, we choose the Rocchio-based method for its simplicity, efficiency and its ability to be adaptive. Experimental results indicate that our technique to personalize web search is both effective and efficient.	Personalized web search by mapping user queries to categories	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaoli Li:Tong-Heng Phang:Minqing Hu:Bing Liu	Internet search is one of the most important applications of the Web. A search engine takes the user's keywords to retrieve and to rank those pages that contain the keywords. One shortcoming of existing search techniques is that they do not give due consideration to the micro-structures of a Web page. A Web page is often populated with a number of small information units, which we call micro information units (MIU). Each unit focuses on a specific topic and occupies a specific area of the page. During the search, if all the keywords in the user query occur in a single MIU of a page, the top ranking results returned by a search engine are generally relevant and useful. However, if the query words scatter at different MIUs in a page, the pages returned can be quite irrelevant (which causes low precision). The reason for this is that although a page has information on individual MIUs, it may not have information on their intersections. In this paper, we propose a technique to solve this problem. At the off-line pre-processing stage, we segment each page to identify the MIUs in the page, and index the keywords of the page according to the MIUs in which they occur. In searching, our retrieval and ranking algorithm utilizes this additional information to return those most relevant pages. Experimental results show that this method is able to significantly improve the search precision.	Using micro information units for internet search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hung-Yu Kao:Ming-Syan Chen:Shian-Hua Lin:Jan-Ming Ho	In this paper, we study the problem of mining the informative structure of a news Web site which consists of thousands of hyperlinked documents. We define the informative structure of a news Web site as a set of index pages (or referred to as TOC, i.e., table of contents, pages) and a set of article pages linked by TOC pages through informative links. It is noted that the Hyperlink Induced Topics Search (HITS) algorithm has been employed to provide a solution to analyzing authorities and hubs of pages. However, most of the content sites tend to contain some extra hyperlinks, such as navigation panels, advertisements and banners, so as to increase the add-on values of their Web pages. Therefore, due to the structure induced by these extra hyperlinks, HITS is found to be insufficient to provide a good precision in solving the problem. To remedy this, we develop an algorithm to utilize entropy-based Link Analysis on Mining Web Informative Structures. This algorithm is referred to as LAMIS. The key idea of LAMIS is to utilize information entropy for representing the knowledge that corresponds to the amount of information in a link or a page in the link analysis. Experiments on several real news Web sites show that the precision and the recall of LAMIS are much superior to those obtained by heuristic methods and conventional ink analysis methods.	Entropy-based link analysis for mining web informative structures	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel Barbará:Yi Li:Julia Couto	In this paper we explore the connection between clustering categorical data and entropy: clusters of similar poi lower entropy than those of dissimilar ones. We use this connection to design an incremental heuristic algorithm, COOLCAT, which is capable of efficiently clustering large data sets of records with categorical attributes, and data streams. In contrast with other categorical clustering algorithms published in the past, COOLCAT's clustering results are very stable for different sample sizes and parameter settings. Also, the criteria for clustering is a very intuitive one, since it is deeply rooted on the well-known notion of entropy. Most importantly, COOLCAT is well equipped to deal with clustering of data streams(continuously arriving streams of data point) since it is an incremental algorithm capable of clustering new points without having to look at every point that has been clustered so far. We demonstrate the efficiency and scalability of COOLCAT by a series of experiments on real and synthetic data sets.	COOLCAT: an entropy-based algorithm for categorical clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Carlos Ordonez:Edward Omiecinski	Clustering is a fundamental Data Mining technique. This article presents an improved EM algorithm to cluster large data sets having high dimensionality, noise and zero variance problems. The algorithm incorporates improvements to increase the quality of solutions and speed. In general the algorithm can find a good clustering solution in 3 scans over the data set. Alternatively, it can be run until it converges. The algorithm has a few parameters that are easy to set and have defaults for most cases. The proposed algorithm is compared against the standard EM algorithm and the On-Line EM algorithm.	FREM: fast and robust EM clustering for large data sets	NA:NA	2018
Greg Hamerly:Charles Elkan	We investigate here the behavior of the standard k-means clustering algorithm and several alternatives to it: the k-harmonic means algorithm due to Zhang and colleagues, fuzzy k-means, Gaussian expectation-maximization, and two new variants of k-harmonic means. Our aim is to find which aspects of these algorithms contribute to finding good clusterings, as opposed to converging to a low-quality local optimum. We describe each algorithm in a unified framework that introduces separate cluster membership and data weight functions. We then show that the algorithms do behave very differently from each other on simple low-dimensional synthetic datasets and image segmentation tasks, and that the k-harmonic means method is superior. Having a soft membership function is essential for finding high-quality clusterings, but having a non-constant data weight function is useful also.	Alternatives to the k-means algorithm that find better clusterings	NA:NA	2018
Christina Yip Chung:Raymond Lieu:Jinhui Liu:Alpha Luk:Jianchang Mao:Prabhakar Raghavan	Verity Inc. has developed a comprehensive suite of tools for accurately and efficiently organizing enterprise content which involves four basic steps: (i) creating taxonomies, (ii) building classification models, (iii) populating taxonomies with documents, and (iv) deploying populated taxonomies in enterprise portals. A taxonomy is a hierarchical representation of categories. A taxonomy provides a navigation structure for exploring and understanding the underlying corpus without sifting through a huge volume of documents. Thematic Mapping automatically discovers a concept tree from a corpus of unstructured documents and assigns meaningful labels to concepts based on a semantic network. Integrating with Verity Intelligent Classifier's user-friendly GUI, a user can drill down a concept tree for navigation, perform a conceptual search to retrieve documents pertaining to a concept, build a taxonomy from the concept tree, as well as edit a taxonomy to tailor it into various views (customized taxonomies) of the same corpus. Classification rules can be generated automatically from concepts. These classification rules can be used for populating documents into the taxonomy.	Thematic mapping - from unstructured documents to taxonomies	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
D. Avant:M. Baum:C. Bertram:M. Fisher:A. Sheth:Y. Warke	NA	Semantic technology applications for homeland security	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Loshin	In the business intelligence/data warehouse user community, there is a growing confusion as to the difference between data cleansing and data quality. While many data cleansing products can help in applying data edits to name and address data, or help in transforming data during an ETL process, there is usually no persistence in this cleansing. This paper describes how we have implemented a business rules approach to build a data validation engine, called GuardianIQ, that transforms declarative data quality rules into code that objectively measures and reports levels of data quality based on user expectations.	Rule-based data quality	NA	2018
Xiangji Huang:Aijun An:Nick Cercone	Livelink is a collaborative intranet, extranet and e-business application that enables employees and business partners of an organization to capture, share and reuse business information and knowledge. The usage of the Livelink software has been recorded by the Livelink Web server in its log files. We present an application of data mining techniques to the Livelink Web usage data. In particular, we focus on how to find interesting association rules and sequential patterns from the Livelink log files. A number of interestingness measures are used in our application to identify interesting rules and patterns. We present a comparison of these measures based on the feedback from domain experts. Some of the interestingness measures are found to be better than others.	Comparison of interestingness functions for learning web usage patterns	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kiam Choo:Rajat Mukherjee:Rami Smair:Wei Zhang	In the course of researching a subject, it is often necessary to submit the same search request to multiple heterogeneous information sources in order to (a) aggregate as much information as possible, and (b) integrate different aspects of the subject into a coherent report. While it is clear that there is value in providing a federated search solution to make dealing with multiple sources less time-consuming, not all organizations aggregate from the same sources, and once the information has been retrieved, not all organizations want them to be integrated in the same way.The Verity Federated Infrastructure addresses this problem by providing a flexible framework for adding new sources and customizing the way in which results are integrated, post-processed and presented. A new source is made available by writing a Java module called a worker that abides by the search interface of the source. Sources can range from simple information feeds to more complex applications, e.g., CRM systems, relational databases, etc. Workers also perform post-processing on the results returned by other workers, e.g., to provide uniform scores for results from different sources, filtering, etc. This post-processing enables different results to be integrated into a coherent report. Post-processing is triggered by events that propagate between workers and is done asynchronously in the background while results are being viewed. This ability to do background post-processing allows execution of time-consuming operations that provide substantial value without adversely affecting user experience. Finally, search results are returned and viewed incrementally, which enables searching of peer-to-peer networks via peer workers that we have developed.	The verity federated infrastructure	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Said Elnaffar:Pat Martin:Randy Horman	The type of the workload on a database management system (DBMS) is a key consideration in tuning the system. Allocations for resources such as main memory can be very different depending on whether the workload type is Online Transaction Processing (OLTP) or Decision Support System (DSS). In this paper, we present an approach to automatically identifying a DBMS workload as either OLTP or DSS. We build a classification model based on the most significant workload characteristics that differentiate OLTP from DSS, and then use the model to identify any change in the workload type. We construct a workload classifier from the Browsing and Ordering profiles of the TPC-W benchmark. Experiments with an industry-supplied workload show that our classifier accurately identifies the mix of OLTP and DSS work within an application workload.	Automatically classifying database workloads	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eugene Inseok Chong:Jagannathan Srinivasan:Souripriya Das:Chuck Freiwald:Aravind Yalamanchi:Mahesh Jagannath:Anh-Tuan Tran:Ramkumar Krishnan:Richard Jiang	Any auxiliary structure, such as a bitmap or a B+-tree index, that refers to rows of a table stored as a primary B+-tree (e.g., tables with clustered index in Microsoft SQL Server, or index-organized tables in Oracle) by their physical addresses would require updates due to inherent volatility of those addresses. To address this problem, we propose a mapping mechanism that 1) introduces a single mapping table, with each row holding one key value from the primary B+-tree, as an intermediate structure between the primary B+-tree and the associated auxiliary structures, and 2) augments the primary B+-tree structure to include in each row the physical address of the corresponding mapping table row. The mapping table row addresses can then be used in the auxiliary structures to indirectly refer to the primary B+-tree rows. The two key benefits are: 1) the mapping table shields the auxiliary structures from the volatility of the primary B+-tree row addresses, and 2) the method allows reuse of existing conventional table mechanisms for supporting auxiliary structures on primary B+-trees. The mapping mechanism is used for supporting bitmap indexes on index-organized tables in Oracle9i. The analytical and experimental studies show that the method is storage efficient, and (despite the mapping table overhead) provides performance benefits that are similar to those provided by bitmap indexes implemented on conventional tables.	A mapping mechanism to support bitmap index and other auxiliary structures on tables stored as primary B+-trees	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
M. Brian Blake	At the MITRE Corporation-Center for Advanced Aviation System Development (CAASD), software engineers work closely with both analyst and domain experts to develop software simulations in the air traffic management domain. In this environment, software simulations are applications that take large amounts of real-world operational information, and through calculations, derivations, and display extends the original information to produce some new insight into the domain. This new insight or knowledge typically comes in the form of a pertinent set of data. Based on this set of information other research groups can further extend this knowledge. The challenge in this environment is a distributed data management system that will allow a distributed set of researchers to share their extended knowledge. This paper presents the motivation and design of such an architecture to support this collaborative knowledge/data sharing environment. This run-time configurable architecture is implemented using web-based technologies such as the Extensible Markup Language (XML), Java Servlets, Extensible Stylesheets (XSL), and a relational database management system (RDBMS).	Using specification-driven concepts for distributed data management and dissemination	NA	2018
Cheng-Yue Chang:Ming-Syan Chen	Web caching and Web prefetching are two important techniques to reduce the noticeable response time perceived by users. Note that by integrating Web caching and Web prefetching, these two techniques can complement each other since Web caching technique exploits the temporal locality whereas Web prefetching technique utilizes the spatial locality of Web objects. However, without circumspect design, the integration of these two techniques might cause significant performance degradation to each other. In view of this, we propose in this paper an innovative cache replacement algorithm, which not only considers the caching effect in the Web environment but also evaluates the prefetching rules provided by various prefetching schemes. Specifically, we formulate a normalized profit function to evaluate the profit from caching an object (i.e., either a non-implied object or an implied object according to some prefetching rule). Based on the normalized profit function devised, we devise an innovative Web cache replacement algorithm, referred to as algorithm IWCP (standing for the Integration of Web Caching and Prefetching). Using an event-driven simulation, we evaluate the performance of algorithm IWCP under several circumstances. The experimental results show that algorithm IWCP consistently outperforms the companion schemes in various performance metrics.	A new cache replacement algorithm for the integration of web caching and prefectching	NA:NA	2018
Federica Mandreoli:Riccardo Martoglia:Paolo Tiberio	Textual data is the main electronic form of knowledge representation. Sentences, meant as logic units of meaningful word sequences, can be considered its backbone. In this paper, we propose a solution based on a purely syntactic approach for searching similarities within sentences, named approximate sub2sequence matching. This process being very time consuming, efficiency in retrieving the most similar parts available in large repositories of textual data is ensured by making use of new filtering techniques. As far as the design of the system is concerned, we chose a solution that allows us to deploy approximate sub2 sequence matching without changing the underlying database.	A syntactic approach for searching similarities within sentences	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sudeshna Adak:Vishal S. Batra:Deo N. Bhardwaj:P. V. Kamesam:Pankaj Kankar:Manish P. Kurhekar:Biplav Srivastava	The emerging biochip technology has made it possible to simultaneously study expression (activity level) of thousands of genes or proteins in a single experiment in the laboratory. However, in order to extract relevant biological knowledge from the biochip experimental data, it is critical not only to analyze the experimental data, but also to cross-reference and correlate these large volumes of data with information available in external biological databases accessible online. We address this problem in a comprehensive system for knowledge management in bioinformatics called e2e. To the biologist or biological applications, e2e exposes a common semantic view of inter-relationship among biological concepts in the form of an XML representation called eXpressML, while internally, it can use any data integration solution to retrieve data and return results corresponding to the semantic view. We have implemented an e2e prototype that enables a biologist to analyze her gene expression data in GEML or from a public site like Stanford, and discover knowledge through operations like querying on relevant annotated data represented in eXpressML using pathways data from KEGG, publication data from Medline and protein data from SWISS-PROT.	A system for knowledge management in bioinformatics	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bin Yu:Munindar P. Singh	Traditional approaches to knowledge management are essentially limited to document management. However, much knowledge in organizations or communities resides in an informal social network and may be accessed only by asking the right people. This paper describes MARS, a multiagent referral system for knowledge management. MARS assigns a software agent to each user. The agents facilitate their users' interactions and help manage their personal social networks. Moreover, the agents cooperate with one another by giving and taking referrals to help their users find the right parties to contact for a specific knowledge need.	An agent-based approach to knowledge management	NA:NA	2018
Diane Kelly:Xiao-jun Yuan:Nicholas J. Belkin:Vanessa Murdock:W. Bruce Croft	We describe results from an ongoing project that considers question types and document features and their relationship to retrieval techniques. We examine eight document features from the top 25 documents retrieved from 74 questions and find that lists and FAQs occur in more documents judged relevant to task-oriented questions than those judged relevant to fact-oriented questions.	Features of documents relevant to task- and fact- oriented questions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shengli Wu:Fabio Crestani	This paper proposes an adptive approach for data fusion of information retrieval systems, which exploits estimated performances of all component input systems without relevance judgement or training. The estimation is conducted prior to the fusion but uses the same data as fusion applies. The experiment shows that our algorithms are competitive with, and often outperform CombMNZ, one of the most effective algorithms in use.	Data fusion with estimated weights	NA:NA	2018
King-Lup Liu:Clement Yu:Weiyi Meng	Given a large number of search engines on the Internet, it is difficult for a person to determine which search engines could serve his/her information needs. A common solution is to construct a metasearch engine on top of the search engines. Upon receiving a user query, the metasearch engine sends it to those underlying search engines which are likely to return the desired documents for the query. The selection algorithm used by a metasearch engine to determine whether a search engine should be sent the query typically makes the decision based on the search-engine representative, which contains characteristic information about the database of a search engine. However, an underlying search engine may not be willing to provide the needed information to the metasearch engine. This paper shows that the needed information can be estimated from an uncooperative search engine with good accuracy. Two pieces of information which permit accurate search engine selection are the number of documents indexed by the search engine and the maximum weight of each term. In this paper, we present techniques for the estimation of these two pieces of information.	Discovering the representative of a search engine	NA:NA:NA	2018
Henrique Paques:Ling Liu:Calton Pu	NA	Ginga: a self-adaptive query processing system	NA:NA:NA	2018
Monica Rogati:Yiming Yang	This paper reports a controlled study on a large number of filter feature selection methods for text classification. Over 100 variants of five major feature selection criteria were examined using four well-known classification algorithms: a Naive Bayesian (NB) approach, a Rocchio-style classifier, a k-nearest neighbor (kNN) method and a Support Vector Machine (SVM) system. Two benchmark collections were chosen as the testbeds: Reuters-21578 and small portion of Reuters Corpus Version 1 (RCV1), making the new results comparable to published results. We found that feature selection methods based on chi2 statistics consistently outperformed those based on other criteria (including information gain) for all four classifiers and both data collections, and that a further increase in performance was obtained by combining uncorrelated and high-performing feature selection methods.The results we obtained using only 3% of the available features are among the best reported, including results obtained with the full feature set.	High-performing feature selection for text classification	NA:NA	2018
Norbert Fuhr:Norbert Gövert	Query languages for retrieval of XML documents allow for conditions referring both to the content and the structure of documents. In this paper, we investigate two different approaches for reducing index space of inverted files for XML documents. First, we consider methods for compressing index entries. Second, we develop the new XS tree data structure which contains the structural description of a document in a rather compact form, such that these descriptions can be kept in main memory. Experimental results on two large XML document collections show that very high compression rates for indexes can be achieved, but any compression increases retrieval time. On the other hand, highly compressed indexes may be feasible for applications where storage is limited, such as in PDAs or E-book devices.	Index compression vs. retrieval time of inverted files for XML documents	NA:NA	2018
Scott Spangler:Jeffrey Kreulen	Taxonomies are meaningful hierarchical categorizations of documents into topics reflecting the natural relationships between the documents and their business objectives. Improving the quality of these taxonomies and reducing the overall cost required to create them is an important area of research. Supervised and unsupervised text clustering are important technologies that comprise only a part of a complete solution. However, there exists a great need for the ability for a human to efficiently interact with a taxonomy during the editing and validation phase. We have developed a comprehensive approach to solving this problem, and implemented this approach in a software tool called eClassifier. eClassifier provides features to help the taxonomy editor understand and evaluate each category of a taxonomy and visualize the relationships between the categories. Multiple techniques allow the user to make changes at both the category and document level. Metrics then establish how well the resultant taxonomy can be modeled for future document classification. In this paper, we present a comprehensive set of viewing, editing and validation techniques we have implemented in the Lotus Discovery Server resulting in a significant reduction in the time required to create a quality taxonomy.	Interactive methods for taxonomy editing and validation	NA:NA	2018
Kanagasabai Rajaraman:Ah-Hwee Tan	We address the text content mining problem through a concept based framework by constructing a conceptual knowledge base and discovering knowledge therefrom. Defining a novel representation called the Concept Frame Graph (CFG), we propose a learning algorithm for constructing a CFG knowledge base from text documents. An interactive concept map visualization technique is presented for user-guided knowledge discovery from the knowledge base. Through experimental studies on real life documents, we observe that the proposed approach is promising for mining deeper knowledge.	Knowledge discovery from texts: a concept frame graph approach	NA:NA	2018
Konstantinos Markellos:Katerina Perdikuri:Penelope Markellou:Spiros Sirmakessis:George Mayritsakis:Athanasios Tsakalidis	In our days the business, scientific and personal databases are growing in an exponential rate. However, what is truly valuable is the knowledge that can be extracted from the stored data. Knowledge Discovery in patent databases was traditionally based on manual analysis carried out from statistical experts. Nowadays the increasing interest of many actors have led to the development of new tools for discovering and exploiting information related to technological activities and innovation, "hidden" in patent databases. In this paper we present a system that combines efficient and innovative methodologies and tools for the analysis of patent data stored in international databases and the production of scientific and technological indicators.	Knowledge discovery in patent databases	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pável P. Calado:Altigran S. da Silva:Berthier Ribeiro-Neto:Alberto H. F. Laender:Juliano P. Lage:Davi C. Reis:Pablo A. Roberto:Monique V. Vieira:Marcos A. Gonçalves:Edward A. Fox	The Web contains a huge volume of information, almost all unstructured and, therefore, difficult to manage. In Digital Libraries, however, information is explicitly organized, described, and managed. In this paper, we propose an architecture that allows the construction of digital libraries from the Web, using standard protocols and archival technologies, and incorporating powerful digital library and data extraction tools, thus benefiting from the breadth of the Web contents, but supporting services and organization available in digital libraries. The proposed architecture was applied to the Networked Digital Library of Theses and Dissertations, providing an important first step toward rapid construction of large DLs from the Web, as well as a large-scale solution for interoperability between independent digital libraries.	Web-DL: an experience in building digital libraries from the web	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zaiqing Nie:Ullas Nambiar:Sreelakshmi Vaddi:Subbarao Kambhampati	Recent work in data integration has shown the importance of statistical information about the coverage and overlap of sources for efficient query processing. Despite this recognition there are no effective approaches for learning the needed statistics. The key challenge in learning such statistics is keeping the number of needed statistics low enough to have the storage and learning costs manageable. Naive approaches can become infeasible very quickly. In this paper we present a set of connected techniques that estimate the coverage and overlap statistics while keeping the needed statistics tightly under control. Our approach uses a hierarchical classification of the queries, and threshold based variants of familiar data mining techniques to dynamically decide the level of resolution at which to learn the statistics. We describe the details of our method, and present experimental results demonstrating the efficiency of the learning algorithms and the effectiveness of the learned statistics.	Mining coverage statistics for websource selection in a mediator	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Un Yong Nahm:Raymond J. Mooney	Variation and noise in database entries can prevent data mining algorithms, such as association rule mining, from discovering important regularities. In particular, textual fields can exhibit variation due to typographical errors, mispellings, abbreviations, etc.. By allowing partial or "soft matching" of items based on a similarity metric such as edit-distance or cosine similarity, additional important patterns can be detected. This paper introduces an algorithm, SoftApriori that discovers soft-matching association rules given a user-supplied similarity metric for each field. Experimental results on several "noisy" datasets extracted from text demonstrate that SoftApriori discovers additional relationships that more accurately reflect regularities in the data.	Mining soft-matching association rules	NA:NA	2018
Jamie Carbonell	NA	Grand challenges for information management	NA	2018
ChengXiang Zhai	NA	Session details: Information retrieval session 1: adhoc retrieval	NA	2018
Bodo Billerbeck:Falk Scholer:Hugh E. Williams:Justin Zobel	Hundreds of millions of users each day use web search engines to meet their information needs. Advances in web search effectiveness are therefore perhaps the most significant public outcomes of IR research. Query expansion is one such method for improving the effectiveness of ranked retrieval by adding additional terms to a query. In previous approaches to query expansion, the additional terms are selected from highly ranked documents returned from an initial retrieval run. We propose a new method of obtaining expansion terms, based on selecting terms from past user queries that are associated with documents in the collection. Our scheme is effective for query expansion for web retrieval: our results show relative improvements over unexpanded full text retrieval of 26%--29%, and 18%--20% over an optimised, conventional expansion approach.	Query expansion using associated queries	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ben HE:Iadh Ounis	Most current term frequency normalization approaches for information retrieval involve the use of parameters. The tuning of these parameters has an important impact on the overall performance of the information retrieval system. Indeed, a small variation in the involved parameter(s) could lead to an important variation in the precision/recall values. Most current tuning approaches are dependent on the document collections. As a consequence, the effective parameter value cannot be obtained for a given new collection without extensive training data. In this paper, we propose a novel and robust method for the tuning of term frequency normalization parameter(s), by measuring the normalization effect on the within document frequency of the query terms. As an illustration, we apply our method on Amati \& Van Rijsbergen's so-called normalization 2. The experiments for the ad-hoc TREC-6,7,8 tasks and TREC-8,9,10 Web tracks show that the new method is independent of the collections and able to provide reliable and good performance.	A study of parameter tuning for term frequency normalization	NA:NA	2018
Steven M. Beitzel:Eric C. Jensen:Abdur Chowdhury:David Grossman	Evaluation of IR systems has always been difficult because of the need for manually assessed relevance judgments. The advent of large editor-driven taxonomies on the web opens the door to a new evaluation approach. We use the ODP (Open Directory Project) taxonomy to find sets of pseudo-relevant documents via one of two assumptions: 1) taxonomy entries are relevant to a given query if their editor-entered titles exactly match the query, or 2) all entries in a leaf-level taxonomy category are relevant to a given query if the category title exactly matches the query. We compare and contrast these two methodologies by evaluating six web search engines on a sample from an America Online log of ten million web queries, using MRR measures for the first method and precision-based measures for the second. We show that this technique is stable with respect to the query set selected and correlated with a reasonably large manual evaluation.	Using titles and category names from editor-driven taxonomies for automatic evaluation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Charlie Clarke	NA	Session details: Database session 1: querying high-dimensional data	NA	2018
Sid-Ahmed Berrani:Laurent Amsaleg:Patrick Gros	It is known that all multi-dimensional index structures fail to accelerate content-based similarity searches when the feature vectors describing images are high-dimensional. It is possible to circumvent this problem by relying on approximate search-schemes trading-off result quality for reduced query execution time. Most approximate schemes, however, provide none or only complex control on the precision of the searches, especially when retrieving the k nearest neighbors (NNs) of query points.In contrast, this paper describes an approximate search scheme for high-dimensional databases where the precision of the search can be probabilistically controlled when retrieving the k NNs of query points. It allows a fine and intuitive control over this precision by setting at run time the maximum probability for a vector that would be in the exact answer set to be missed in the approximate set of answers eventually returned. This paper also presents a performance study of the implementation using real datasets showing its reliability and efficiency. It shows, for example, that our method is 6.72 times faster than the sequential scan when it handles more than 5 106 24-dimensional vectors, even when the probability of missing one of the true nearest neighbors is below 0.01.	Approximate searches: k-neighbors + precision	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chung-Min Chen:Christine T. Cheng	Aside from enhancing data availability during disk failures, replication of data is also used to speed up I/O performance of read-intensive applications. There are two issues that need to be addressed: (a) data placement (Which disks should store the copies of each data block?) and (b) scheduling (Given a query Q, and a placement scheme P of the data, from which disk should each block in Q be retrieved so that retrieval time is minimized?) In this paper, we consider range queries and assume that the dataset is a multidimensional grid and r copies of each unit block of the grid must be stored among M disks. To accurately measure performance of a scheduling algorithm, we consider a metric that takes into account the scheduling overhead as well as the time it takes to retrieve the data blocks from the disks. We describe several combinations of data placement schemes and scheduling algorithms and analyze their performance for range queries with respect to the above metric. We then present simulation results for the most interesting case r=2, showing that the strategies do perform better than the previously known method, especially for large queries.	Replication and retrieval strategies of multidimensional data on parallel disks	NA:NA	2018
Chuck Baldwin:Ghaleb Abdulla:Terence Critchlow	To provide scientists and engineers with the ability to explore and analyze tera-scale size data-sets we are using a twofold approach. First, we model the data with the objective of creating a compressed yet manageable representation. Second, with that compressed representation, we provide the ability to query the resulting approximation in order to obtain approximate yet sufficient answers; a process called ad-hoc querying. This paper is concerned with a wavelet modeling technique that seeks to capture the important physical characteristics of the target scientific data. Our approach is driven by the compression, which is necessary for viable throughput, along with the end user requirements from the discovery process. Our work contrasts existing research which applies wavelets to range querying, change detection, and clustering problems by working directly with the wavelet decomposition of the data. The difference in this procedure is due primarily to the nature of the data and the requirements of the scientists and engineers. Our approach directly uses the wavelet coefficients of the data to compress as well as query. We describe how the wavelet decomposition is used to facilitate data compression and how queries are posed on the resulting compressed model. Results of this process will be shown for several problems of interest.	Multi-resolution modeling of large scale scientific simulation data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Luo Si	NA	Session details: Knowledge management session 1: visual	NA	2018
Ricardo S. Torres:Celmar G. Silva:Claudia B. Medeiros:Heloisa V. Rocha	Content-Based Image Retrieval (CBIR) presents several challenges and has been subject to extensive research from many domains, such as image processing or database systems. Database researchers are concerned with indexing and querying, whereas image processing experts worry about extracting appropriate image descriptors. Comparatively little work has been done on designing user interfaces for CBIR systems. This, in turn, has a profound effect on these systems since the concept of image similarity is strongly influenced by user perception. This paper describes an initial effort to fill this gap, combining recent research in CBIR and Information Visualization, studied from a Human-Computer Interface perspective. It presents two visualization techniques based on Spiral and Concentric Rings implemented in a CBIR system to explore query results. The approach is centered on keeping user focus on both the query image, and the most similar retrieved images. Experiments conducted so far suggest that the proposed visualization strategies improves system usability.	Visual structures for image browsing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Peter A. Gloor:Rob Laubacher:Scott B. C. Dynes:Yan Zhao	Collaborative Innovation Networks (COINs) are groups of self-motivated individuals from various parts of an organization or from multiple organizations, empowered by the Internet, who work together on a new idea, driven by a common vision. In this paper we report first results of a project that examines innovation networks by analyzing the e-mail archives of some W3C (WWW consortium) working groups. These groups exhibit ideal characteristics for our purpose, as they form truly global networks working together over the Internet to develop next generation technologies. We first describe the software tools we developed to visualize the temporal communication flow, which represent communication patterns as directed acyclic graphs, We then show initial results, which revealed significant variations between the communication patterns and network structures of the different groups., We were also able to identify distinctive communication patterns among group leaders, both those who were officially appointed and other who were assuming unofficial coordinating roles.	Visualization of Communication Patterns in Collaborative Innovation Networks - Analysis of Some W3C Working Groups	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Charlie Clarke	NA	Session details: Information retrieval session 2: non-text retrieval	NA	2018
Takao MIURA:Isamu SHIOYA	Here we discuss how to look for similar melody in music databases by giving monophonic melody in sheet. In this work, we utilize text expression (or sheet music) to describe music and introduce pitch spectrum of melodies. By this feature, we concisely distinguish music from tempo, transposition or other arbitrary expressions. We show the usefulness by experimental results.	Similarity among melodies for music information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Roger Weber:Michael Mlivoncic	Region-based image retrieval(RBIR) was recently proposed as an extension of content-based image retrieval(CBIR). An RBIR system automatically segments images into a variable number of regions, and extracts for each region a set of features. Then, a dissimilarity function determines the distance between a database image and a set of reference regions. Unfortunately, the large evaluation costs of the dissimilarity function are restricting RBIR to relatively small databases. In this paper, we apply a multi-step approach to enable region-based techniques for large image collections. We provide cheap lower and upper bounding distance functions for a recently proposed dissimilarity measure. As our experiments show, these bounding functions are so tight, that we have to evaluate the expensive distance function for less than 0.5\%of the images. For a typical image database with more than 370,000images, our multi-step approach improved retrieval performance by a factor of more than5 compared to the currently fastest methods.	Efficient region-based image retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Juan E. Gilbert:Yapin Zhong	The research proposed here concentrates on the problem of designing and developing a spoken query retrieval (SQR) system to access large document databases via voice. The main challenge is to identify and address issues related to designing an effective and efficient speech user interface (SUI), especially if the aim is to facilitate spoken queries of large document databases. Furthermore, the task of presenting large query result sets aurally should be performed such that the user's short term memory is not overloaded. In this paper, a framework allowing information retrieval to large document databases via voice is presented and findings from a research study using the framework will be discussed as well.	Speech user interfaces for information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Yufei Tao:Christos Faloutsos:Dimitris Papadias	Existing estimation approaches for multi-dimensional databases often rely on the assumption that data distribution in a small region is uniform, which seldom holds in practice. Moreover, their applicability is limited to specific estimation tasks under certain distance metric. This paper develops the Power-method, a comprehensive technique applicable to a wide range of query optimization problems under various metrics. The Power-method eliminates the local uniformity assumption and is accurate even in scenarios where existing approaches completely fail. Furthermore, it performs estimation by evaluating only one simple formula with minimal computational overhead. Extensive experiments confirm that the Power-method outperforms previous techniques in terms of accuracy and applicability to various optimization scenarios.	The power-method: a comprehensive estimation technique for multi-dimensional queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Amit Singh:Hakan Ferhatosmanoglu:Ali Şaman Tosun	Reverse Nearest Neighbor (RNN) queries are of particular interest in a wide range of applications such as decision support systems, profile based marketing, data streaming, document databases, and bioinformatics. The earlier approaches to solve this problem mostly deal with two dimensional data. However most of the above applications inherently involve high dimensions and high dimensional RNN problem is still unexplored. In this paper, we propose an approximate solution to answer RNN queries in high dimensions. Our approach is based on the strong correlation in practice between k-NN and RNN. It works in two phases. In the first phase the k-NN of a query point is found and in the next phase they are further analyzed using a novel type of query Boolean Range Query (BRQ). Experimental results show that BRQ is much more efficient than both NN and range queries, and can be effectively used to answer RNN queries. Performance is further improved by running multiple BRQ simultaneously. The proposed approach can also be used to answer other variants of RNN queries such as RNN of order k, bichromatic RNN, and Matching Query which has many applications of its own. Our technique can efficiently answer NN, RNN, and its variants with approximately same number of I/O as running a NN query.	High dimensional reverse nearest neighbor queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ümit Y. Ogras:Hakan Ferhatosmanoglu	High dimensional data sets are encountered in many modern database applications. The usual approach is to construct a summary of the data set through a lossy compression technique, and use this lower dimensional synopsis to provide fast, approximate answers to the queries. In this paper, we develop a novel dimensionality reduction technique based on partitioning the high dimensional vector space into orthogonal subspaces. First, we find a relation between the Euclidian distance of two n-dimensional vectors and the Euclidian distances of their projections on the orthogonal subspaces. Then, based on this relation we develop a method to approximate the Euclidian distance using novel inner product approximation. This process allows us to incorporate the shape information of the vectors to this approximation. While the inner product approximation is symmetric, i.e., captures only the magnitude information of the data, the proposed method takes both the magnitude and shape information of the original vectors into account through partitioning. In the experiments, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our technique by comparing it with commonly used methods.	Dimensionality reduction using magnitude and shape approximations	NA:NA	2018
Yugyung Lee	NA	Session details: Knowledge management session 2: semantic web	NA	2018
Aixin Sun:Ee-Peng Lim	In web classification, most researchers assume that the objects to classify are individual web pages from one or more web sites. In practice, the assumption is too restrictive since a web page itself may not always correspond to a concept instance of some semantic concept (or category) given to the classification task. In this paper, we want to relax this assumption and allow a concept instance to be represented by a subgraph of web pages or a set of web pages. We identify several new issues to be addressed when the assumption is removed, and formulate the web unit mining problem. We also propose an iterative web unit mining (iWUM) method that first finds subgraphs of web pages using some knowledge about web site structure. From these web subgraphs, web units are constructed and classified into semantic concepts (or categories) in an iterative manner. Our experiments using the WebKB dataset showed that iWUM improves the overall classification performance and works very well on the more structured parts of a web site.	Web unit mining: finding and classifying subgraphs of web pages	NA:NA	2018
Jimmy Lin:Boris Katz	We present a strategy for answering fact-based natural language questions that is guided by a characterization of real-world user queries. Our approach, implemented in a system called Aranea, extracts answers from the Web using two different techniques: knowledge annotation and knowledge mining. Knowledge annotation is an approach to answering large classes of frequently occurring questions by utilizing semi\-structured and structured Web sources. Knowledge mining is a statistical approach that leverages massive amounts of Web data to overcome many natural language processing challenges. We have integrated these two different paradigms into a question answering system capable of providing users with concise answers that directly address their information needs.	Question answering from the web using knowledge annotation and knowledge mining techniques	NA:NA	2018
Zhu Zhang:Jahna Otterbacher:Dragomir Radev	Multi-document discoure analysis has emerged with the potential of improving various information retrieval applications. Based on the newly proposed Cross-document Structure Theory (CST), this paper describes an empirical study that uses boosting to classify CST relationships between sentence pairs extracted from topically related documents. We show that the binary classifier for determining existence of structural relationships significantly outperforms the baseline. We also achieve promising results on the multi-class case in which the full taxonomy of relationships are considered.	Learning cross-document structural relationships using boosting	NA:NA:NA	2018
Abdur Chowdhury	NA	Session details: Information retrieval session 3: cross language retrieval	NA	2018
Massimo Melucci:Nicola Orio	In this paper, we present a method based on Hidden Markov Models (HMMs) to generate statistical stemmers. Using a list of words as training set, the method estimates the HMM parameters which are used to calculate the most probable stem for an arbitrary word. Stemming is performed by computing the most probable path, through the HMM states, corresponding to the input word. Linguistic knowledge or a training set of manually stemmed words are not required. We describe the method and the results of the experiments carried out using standard test collections for five different languages.	A novel method for stemmer generation based on hidden markov models	NA:NA	2018
Nasreen AbdulJaleel:Leah S. Larkey	Out of vocabulary (OOV) words are problematic for cross language information retrieval. One way to deal with OOV words when the two languages have different alphabets, is to transliterate the unknown words, that is, to render them in the orthography of the second language. In the present study, we present a simple statistical technique to train an English to Arabic transliteration model from pairs of names. We call this a selected n-gram model because a two-stage training procedure first learns which n-gram segments should be added to the unigram inventory for the source language, and then a second stage learns the translation model over this inventory. This technique requires no heuristics or linguistic knowledge of either language. We evaluate the statistically-trained model and a simpler hand-crafted model on a test set of named entities from the Arabic AFP corpus and demonstrate that they perform better than two online translation sources. We also explore the effectiveness of these systems on the TREC 2002 cross language IR task. We find that transliteration either of OOV named entities or of all OOV words is an effective approach for cross language IR.	Statistical transliteration for english-arabic cross language information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Lisa Ballesteros:Mark Sanderson	Most cross language information retrieval research concentrates on language pairs for which direct, rich, and often multiple translation resources already exist. However, for most language pairs, translation via an intermediate language is necessary. Two distinct methods for dealing with the additional ambiguity introduced by the extra translation step have been proposed and individually, shown to improve retrieval effectiveness. Two previous works indicated that in combination, the methods were ineffective. This paper provides strong empirical evidence that the methods can be combined to produce consistent and often significant improvements in retrieval effectiveness. The improvement is shown across a number of different intermediate languages and test collections.	Addressing the lack of direct translation resources for cross-language retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Wai Gen Yee:Shamkant B. Navathe	This paper studies fast access to data that are broadcast on multiple channels. Broadcast is a useful data dissemination technique because of its scalability, but is lacking when it comes to response time. Increasing the number of available broadcast channels is a logical way of increasing throughput. Little work, however, has considered the access structures necessary for making effective use of the additional channels. We propose various indexing schemes for a multi-channel broadcast program. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our techniques in decreasing response time and tuning time via extensive experiments over a wide range of parameters.	Efficient data access to multi-channel broadcast programs	NA:NA	2018
Jiun-Long Huang:Ming-Syan Chen:Wen-Chih Peng	The growth in wireless communication technologies attracts a considerable amount of attention in mobile ad-hoc networks. Since mobile hosts in an ad-hoc network usually move freely, the topology of the network changes dynamically and disconnection occurs frequently. These characteristics make a mobile ad-hoc network be likely to be separated into several disconnected partitions, and the data accessibility is hence reduced. Several schemes are proposed to alleviate the reduction of data accessibility by replicating data items. However, little research effort was elaborated upon exploiting the group mobility where the group mobility refers to the phenomenon that several mobile nodes tend to move together. In this paper, we address the problem of replica allocation in a mobile ad-hoc network by exploring group mobility. We first analyze the group mobility model and derive several theoretical results. In light of these results, we propose a replica allocation scheme to improve the data accessibility. Several experiments are conducted to evaluate the performance of the proposed scheme. The experimental results show that the proposed scheme is able to not only obtain higher data accessibility but also produce lower network traffic than prior schemes.	Exploring group mobility for replica data allocation in a mobile environment	NA:NA:NA	2018
Len Seligman	NA	Session details: Industry session 1: information retrieval	NA	2018
Rafael Alonso:Jeffrey A. Bloom:Hua Li	In recent work we have developed a novel approach to the design and implementation of an online portal (ePortal) to help application engineers find replacements for electronic parts that have become obsolete (and hence will no longer be produced). Our approach makes use of machine learning techniques to improve the performance of a database search function. However, the purpose of this note is not to describe in detail the application nor our technical solution - that has been done elsewhere (see [1,2]). Rather, it is our intention to present some of the lessons learned from our project. Below, we provide a brief introduction to the technical approach, concentrate on several of the most salient lessons, and conclude with a description of the current state of the project.	Lessons from the implementation of an adaptive parts acquisition ePortal	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lilian Harada:Yuuji Hotta:Naoki Akaboshi:Kazumi Kubota:Tadashi Ohmori:Riichiro Take	In this paper we present a tool called Event Analyzer that processes events that compose a sequence. We present the data model in which Event Analyzer is based, as well as its query language that allows the expression of complex patterns to be searched over the sequence of events. The Event Analyzer has been developed and it now integrates the Fujitsu Symfoware e-Business Intelligence Suite Premium.	Event analyzer: a tool for sequential data processing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Matthias Nicola:Jasmi John	XML parsing is generally known to have poor performance characteristics relative to transactional database processing. Yet, its potentially fatal impact on overall database performance is being underestimated. We report real-word database applications where XML parsing performance is a key obstacle to a successful XML deployment. There is a considerable share of XML database applications which are prone to fail at an early and simple road block: XML parsing. We analyze XML parsing performance and quantify the extra overhead of DTD and schema validation. Comparison with relational database performance shows that the desired response times and transaction rates over XML data can not be achieved without major improvements in XML parsing technology. Thus, we identify research topics which are most promising for XML parser performance in database systems.	XML parsing: a threat to database performance	NA:NA	2018
Renaud Vanlande:Christophe Cruz:Christophe Nicolle	The "Industrial Foundation Classes" (IFC) are an ISO norm to define all components of a building in a civil engineering project. IFC files are textual files whose size can reach 100 megabytes. Several IFC files can coexist on the same civil engineering project. Due to their size, their handling and sharing is a complex task. In this paper, we present an approach to automatically identify business objects in the IFC files and simplify their visualization and manipulation on the Internet. We construct an IFC Viewer which transforms the IFC file into a XML IFC tree manipulated through the 3D visualization of the building. The IFC Viewer composed a web-based platform called ACTIVe3D BUILD SERVER. This platform lets geographically dispersed project participants-from architects to electricians-directly use and exchange project documents in a centralized virtual environment during the life cycle of a civil engineering project.	Managing IFC for civil engineering projects	NA:NA:NA	2018
Greg Pass	NA	Session details: Information retrieval session 4: general retrieval issues I	NA	2018
Rebecca Cathey:Ling Ma:Nazli Goharian:David Grossman	We present a novel approach to detect misuse within an information retrieval system by gathering and maintaining knowledge of the behavior of the user rather than anticipating attacks by unknown assailants. Our approach is based on building and maintaining a profile of the behavior of the system user through tracking, or monitoring of user activity within the information retrieval system. Any new activity of the user is compared to the user profile to detect a potential misuse for the authorized user. We propose four different methods to detect misuse in information retrieval systems. Our experimental results on $2$ GB collection favorably demonstrate the validity of our approach.	Misuse detection for information retrieval systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yiming Yang:Bryan Kisiel	Adaptive information filtering is an open challenge in information retrieval. One of the tough issues is the optimization of decision thresholds over time, based on partial relevance feedback on the system-retrieved documents in chronological order. We developed a new approach, namely margin-based local regression, that automatically adjusts the thresholds based on a sliding window over the truly positive examples for which the system predicted "yes" with respect to a particular class, and a second sliding window over the other documents being processed by the system. Using the means of the scores of the documents in the two windows, we monitor the temporal drifting of the margin that is a function of both the current classification model and the threshold calibration strategy, and that suggests the bounds for the optimal threshold at a given time. Examining this approach together with a Rocchio-style classifier on the TREC 2001 and TREC 2002 benchmark data sets in adaptive filtering, we obtained significant improvements in performance (measured using Fβ=0.5) over the baseline system that did not adapt the threshold over time, and the best result ever reported on the TREC 2002 benchmark corpus for adaptive filtering evaluations. These empirical results suggest that it is important to use both system-accepted and system-rejected documents to optimize thresholds instead of just using system-accepted documents alone, as well as to make the thresholding function temporally sensitive to the shifting centroids of on-topic and off-topic documents.	Margin-based local regression for adaptive filtering	NA:NA	2018
Jie Lu:Jamie Callan	Hybrid peer-to-peer architectures use special nodes to provide directory services for regions of the network ("regional directory services"). Hybrid peer-to-peer architectures are a potentially powerful model for developing large-scale networks of complex digital libraries, but peer-to-peer networks have so far tended to use very simple methods of resource selection and document retrieval. In this paper, we study the application of content-based resource selection and document retrieval to hybrid peer-to-peer networks. The directory nodes that provide regional directory services construct and use the content models of neighboring nodes to determine how to route query messages through the network. The leaf nodes that provide information use content-based retrieval to decide which documents to retrieve for queries. The experimental results demonstrate that using content-based retrieval in hybrid peer-to-peer networks is both more accurate and more efficient for some digital library environments than more common alternatives such as Gnutella 0.6.	Content-based retrieval in hybrid peer-to-peer networks	NA:NA	2018
Charles L. A. Clarke:Philip L. Tilker:Allen Quoc-Luan Tran:Kevin Harris:Antonio S. Cheng	We present a storage management layer that facilitates the implementation of parallel information retrieval systems, and related applications, on networks of workstations. The storage management layer automates the process of adding and removing nodes, and implements a dispersed mirroring strategy to improve reliability. When nodes are added and removed, the document collection managed by the system is redistributed for load balancing purposes. The use of dispersed mirroring minimizes the impact of node failures and system modifications on query performance.	A reliable storage management layer for distributed information retrieval systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Torsten Priebe:Günther Pernul	Knowledge portals make an important contribution to enabling enterprise knowledge management by providing users with a consolidated, personalized user interface that allows efficient access to various types of (structured and unstructured) information. Today's portal systems allow combining access modules to different information sources side by side on a single portal webpage. However, there is no interaction between those so called portlets. When a user navigates within one portlet, the others remain unchanged, which means that each source has to be searched individually for relevant information.This paper discusses integration aspects within enterprise knowledge portals and presents an approach for communicating the user context (revealing the user's information need) among portlets, utilizing Semantic Web technologies. For example, the query context of an OLAP portlet, which provides access to structured data stored in a data warehouse, can be used by an information retrieval portlet in order to automatically provide the user with related documents found in the organization's document management system. The paper shortly presents a prototype that we are building to evaluate our approach, demonstrating such an OLAP and information retrieval integration.	Towards integrative enterprise knowledge portals	NA:NA	2018
Guizhen Yang:I. V. Ramakrishnan:Michael Kifer	An increasingly large number of Web pages are machine-generated by filling in templates with data stored in backend databases. These templates can be viewed as the implicit schemas of those Web pages. The ability to infer the implicit schema from a collection of Web pages is important for scalable data extraction, since the inferred schema can be used to automatically identify schema attributes that are "encoded" in Web pages.However, the task of inferring a "good" schema is complicated due to the existence of nullable (missing) data attributes. Usually if an attribute contains a null value, then it will be omitted in the generated Web page, giving rise to different variations and permutations of layout structures in Web pages that are generated from the same template.In this paper we investigate the complexity of schema inference from Web pages in the presence of nullable data attributes. We introduce the notion of unambiguity as a quality measure for inferred schemas and prove that the problem of inferring "good" (unambiguous) schemas is NP-complete. Our complexity results imply that ambiguity resolution is one of the root causes of the computational difficulty underlying schema inference from Web pages.	On the complexity of schema inference from web pages in the presence of nullable data attributes	NA:NA:NA	2018
Peter A. Gloor	NA	Session details: Knowledge management session 3: classification	NA	2018
Hwanjo Yu:ChengXiang Zhai:Jiawei Han	Most existing studies of text classification assume that the training data are completely labeled. In reality, however, many information retrieval problems can be more accurately described as learning a binary classifier from a set of incompletely labeled examples, where we typically have a small number of labeled positive examples and a very large number of unlabeled examples. In this paper, we study such a problem of performing Text Classification WithOut labeled Negative data TC-WON). In this paper, we explore an efficient extension of the standard Support Vector Machine (SVM) approach, called SVMC (Support Vector Mapping Convergence) [17]for the TC-WON tasks. Our analyses show that when the positive training data is not too under-sampled, SVMC significantly outperforms other methods because SVMC basically exploits the natural "gap" between positive and negative documents in the feature space, which eventually corresponds to improving the generalization performance. In the text domain there are likely to exist many gaps in the feature space because a document is usually mapped to a sparse and high dimensional feature space. However, as the number of positive training data decreases, the boundary of SVMC starts overfitting at some point and end up generating very poor results.This is because when the positive training data is too few, the boundary over-iterates and trespasses the natural gaps between positive and negative class in the feature space and thus ends up fitting tightly around the few positive training data.	Text classification from positive and unlabeled documents	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sofus A. Macskassy:Haym Hirsh	Many real-world problems involve a combination of both text- and numerical-valued features. For example, in email classification, it is possible to use instance representations that consider not only the text of each message, but also numerical-valued features such as the length of the message or the time of day at which it was sent. Text-classification methods have thus far not easily incorporated numerical features. In earlier work we described an approach for converting numerical features into bags of tokens so that text classification methods can be applied to numerical classification problems, and showed that the resulting learning methods are competitive with traditional numerical classification methods. In this paper we use this as a way to learn on problems that involve a combination of text and numbers. We show that the results outperform competing methods. Further, we show that selecting a best classification method using text-only features and then adding numerical features to the problem (as might happen if numerical features are only later added to a pre existing text-classification problem) gives performance that rivals a more time-consuming approach of evaluating all classification methods using the full set of both text and numerical features.	Adding numbers to text classification	NA:NA	2018
James G. Shanahan:Norbert Roma	Support vector machine (SVM) learning algorithms focus on finding the hyperplane that maximizes the margin (the distance from the separating hyperplane to the nearest examples) since this criterion provides a good upper bound of the generalization error. When applied to text classification, these learning algorithms lead to SVMs with excellent precision but poor recall. Various relaxation approaches have been proposed to counter this problem including: asymmetric SVM learning algorithms (soft SVMs with asymmetric misclassification costs); uneven margin based learning; and thresholding. A review of these approaches is presented here. In addition, in this paper, we describe a new threshold relaxation algorithm. This approach builds on previous thresholding work based upon the beta-gamma algorithm. The proposed thresholding strategy is parameter free, relying on a process of retrofitting and cross validation to set algorithm parameters empirically, whereas our previous approach required the specification of two parameters (beta and gamma). The proposed approach is more efficient, does not require the specification of any parameters, and similarly to the parameter-based approach, boosts the performance of baseline SVMs by at least 20% for standard information retrieval measures.	Boosting support vector machines for text classification through parameter-free threshold relaxation	NA:NA	2018
Jack Conrad	NA	Session details: Information retrieval session 5: general retrieval issues II	NA	2018
Einat Amitay:Rani Nelken:Wayne Niblack:Ron Sivan:Aya Soffer	We describe a system for extracting mentions of terms such as company and product names, in a large and noisy corpus of documents, such as the World Wide Web. Since natural language terms are highly ambiguous, a significant challenge in this task is disambiguating which occurrences of each term are truly related to the right meaning, and which are not. We describe our approach for disambiguation, and show that it achieves very high accuracy with only limited training. This serves as a necessary first step for applications that strive to do analytics on term mentions.	Multi-resolution disambiguation of term occurrences	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
James Allan:Ao Feng:Alvaro Bolivar	The Topic Detection and Tracking (TDT) evaluation program has included a "cluster detection" task since its inception in 1996. Systems were required to process a stream of broadcast news stories and partition them into non-overlapping clusters. A system's effectiveness was measured by comparing the generated clusters to "truth" clusters created by human annotators. Starting in 2003, TDT is moving to a more realistic model that permits overlapping clusters (stories may be on more than one topic) and encourages the creation of a hierarchy to structure the relationships between clusters (topics). We explore a range of possible evaluation models for this modified TDT clustering task to understand the best approach for mapping between the human-generated "truth" clusters and a much richer hierarchical structure. We demonstrate that some obvious evaluation techniques fail for degenerate cases. For a few others we attempt to develop an intuitive sense of what the evaluation numbers mean. We settle on some approaches that incorporate a strong balance between cluster errors (misses and false alarms) and the distance it takes to travel between stories within the hierarchy.	Flexible intrinsic evaluation of hierarchical clustering for TDT	NA:NA:NA	2018
Qingchun Jiang:Sharma Chakravarthy	Currently, stream data processing is an active area of research, which includes everything from algorithms and architectures for stream processing to modelling, and analysis of various components of a stream processing system. In this paper, we present an analysis of relational operators used for stream processing using queueing theory and study behaviors of streaming data in a query processing system. Our approach enables us to compute the fundamental performance metrics of relational operators ---select, project, and join over data streams. Furthermore, this approach establishes a way to find the probability distribution functions of both the number of tuples and the waiting time of tuples in the system. Finally, we designed and implemented a number of experiments to validate the accuracy and effectiveness of our analysis.	Queueing analysis of relational operators for continuous data streams	NA:NA	2018
Hong Su:Jinhui Jian:Elke A. Rundensteiner	XML stream applications bring the challenge of efficiently
processing queries on sequentially accessible token-based data.
While the automata model is naturally suited for pattern matching
on tokenized XML streams, the algebraic model in contrast is a
well-established technique for set-oriented processing of
self-contained tuples. However, neither automata nor algebraic
models are well-equipped to handle both computation paradigms.
The goal of the Raindrop project is to accommodate these
two paradigms within one algebraic framework to take advantage of
both. In our query model, both tokenized data and self-contained
tuples are supported in a uniform manner. Query plans can be
flexibly rewritten using equivalence rules to change what
computation is done using tokenized data versus tuples. This paper
highlights the four abstraction levels in Raindrop, namely,
semantics-focused plan, stream logical plan, stream physical
plan and execution plan. Various optimization techniques
are provided at each level. The necessity of such a uniform and
layered plan is shown by experimental study	Raindrop: a uniform and layered algebraic framework for XQueries on XML streams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Cheqing Jin:Weining Qian:Chaofeng Sha:Jeffrey X. Yu:Aoying Zhou	It is challenge to maintain frequent items over a data stream, with a small bounded memory, in a dynamic environment where both insertion/deletion of items are allowed. In this paper, we propose a new novel algorithm, called hCount, which can handle both insertion and deletion of items with a much less memory space than the best reported algorithm. Our algorithm is also superior in terms of precision, recall and processing time. In addition, our approach does not request the preknowledge on the size of range for a data stream, and can handle range extension dynamically. Given a little modification, algorithm hCount can be improved to hCount*, which even owns significantly better performance than before.	Dynamically maintaining frequent items over a data stream	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hwanjo Yu	NA	Session details: Knowledge management session 4: indexing	NA	2018
Giordano Adami:Paolo Avesani:Diego Sona	Managing the hierarchical organization of data is starting to play a key role in the knowledge management community due to the great amount of human resources needed to create and maintain these organized repositories of information. Machine learning community has in part addressed this problem by developing hierarchical supervised classifiers that help maintainers to categorize new resources within given hierarchies. Although such learning models succeed in exploiting relational knowledge, they are highly demanding in terms of labeled examples, because the number of categories is related to the dimension of the corresponding hierarchy. Hence, the creation of new directories or the modification of existing ones require strong investments.This paper proposes a semi-automatic process (interleaved with human suggestions) whose aim is to minimize (simplify) the work required to the administrators when creating, modifying, and maintaining directories. Within this process, bootstrapping a taxonomy with examples represents a critical factor for the effective exploitation of any supervised learning model. For this reason we propose a method for the bootstrapping process that makes a first hypothesis of categorization for a set of unlabeled documents, with respect to a given empty hierarchy of concepts. Based on a revision of Self-Organizing Maps, namely TaxSOM, the proposed model performs an unsupervised classification, exploiting the a-priori knowledge encoded in a taxonomy structure both at the terminological and topological level. The ultimate goal of TaxSOM is to create the premise for successfully training a supervised classifier.	Bootstrapping for hierarchical document classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
James Mayfield:Paul McNamee:Christine Piatko:Claudia Pearce	Tagging algorithms have become increasingly important for identifying lexical and semantic features of unstructured text. We describe an approach to lattice-based tagging that estimates joint transition and emission probabilities using support vector machines. The technique offers several advantages over alternative methods, including the ability to accommodate non-local features, support for hundreds of thousands of features, and language-neutrality. We demonstrate the technique on two tagging applications: named entity recognition and part-of-speech tagging.	Lattice-based tagging using support vector machines	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rong Jin:Luo Si:ChengXiang Zhai:Jamie Callan	In this paper, we describe a new model for collaborative filtering. The motivation of this work comes from the fact that two users with very similar preferences on items may have very different rating schemes. For example, one user may tend to assign a higher rating to all items than another user. Unlike previous models of collaborative filtering, which determine the similarity between two users only based on their rating performance, our model treats the user's preferences on items separately from the user's rating scheme. More specifically, for each user, we build two separate models: a preference model capturing which items are favored by the user and a rating model capturing how the user would rate an item given the preference information. The similarity of two users is computed based on the underlying preference model, instead of the surface ratings. We compare the new model with several representative previous approaches on two data sets. Experiment results show that the new model outperforms all the previous approaches that are tested consistently on both data sets.	Collaborative filtering with decoupled models for preferences and ratings	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Grossman	NA	Session details: Information retrieval session 6: categorization	NA	2018
Tao Li:Shenghuo Zhu:Mitsunori Ogihara	Text categorization is an important research area and has been receiving much attention due to the growth of the on-line information and of Internet. Automated text categorization is generally cast as a multi-class classification problem. Much of previous work focused on binary document classification problems. Support vector machines (SVMs) excel in binary classification, but the elegant theory behind large-margin hyperplane cannot be easily extended to multi-class text classification. In addition, the training time and scaling are also important concerns. On the other hand, other techniques naturally extensible to handle multi-class classification are generally not as accurate as SVM. This paper presents a simple and efficient solution to multi-class text categorization. Classification problems are first formulated as optimization via discriminant analysis. Text categorization is then cast as the problem of finding coordinate transformations that reflects the inherent similarity from the data. While most of the previous approaches decompose a multi-class classification problem into multiple independent binary classification tasks, the proposed approach enables direct multi-class classification. By using Generalized Singular Value Decomposition (GSVD), a coordinate transformation that reflects the inherent class structure indicated by the generalized singular values is identified. Extensive experiments demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Efficient multi-way text categorization via generalized discriminant analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Luis Gravano:Vasileios Hatzivassiloglou:Richard Lichtenstein	Web pages (and resources, in general) can be characterized according to their geographical locality. For example, a web page with general information about wildflowers could be considered a global page, likely to be of interest to a geographically broad audience. In contrast, a web page with listings on houses for sale in a specific city could be regarded as a local page, likely to be of interest only to an audience in a relatively narrow region. Similarly, some search engine queries (implicitly) target global pages, while other queries are after local pages. For example, the best results for query [wildflowers] are probably global pages about wildflowers such as the one discussed above. However, local pages that are relevant to, say, San Francisco are likely to be good matches for a query [houses for sale] that was issued by a San Francisco resident or by somebody moving to that city. Unfortunately, search engines do not analyze the geographical locality of queries and users, and hence often produce sub-optimal results. Thus query [wildflowers] might return pages that discuss wildflowers in specific U.S. states (and not general information about wildflowers), while query [houses for sale] might return pages with real estate listings for locations other than that of interest to the person who issued the query. Deciding whether an unseen query should produce mostly local or global pages---without placing this burden on the search engine users---is an important and challenging problem, because queries are often ambiguous or underspecify the information they are after. In this paper, we address this problem by first defining how to categorize queries according to their (often implicit) geographical locality. We then introduce several alternatives for automatically and efficiently categorizing queries in our scheme, using a variety of state-of-the-art machine learning tools. We report a thorough evaluation of our classifiers using a large sample of queries from a real web search engine, and conclude by discussing how our query categorization approach can help improve query result quality.	Categorizing web queries according to geographical locality	NA:NA:NA	2018
Vaughan R. Shanks:Hugh E. Williams	Categorisation is a useful method for organising documents into subcollections that can be browsed or searched to more accurately and quickly meet information needs. On the Web, category-based portals such as Yahoo! and DMOZ are extremely popular: DMOZ is maintained by over 56,000 volunteers, is used as the basis of the popular Google directory, and is perhaps used by millions of users each day. Support Vector Machines (SVM) is a machine-learning algorithm which has been shown to be highly effective for automatic text categorisation. However, a problem with iterative training techniques such as SVM is that during their learning or training phase, they require the entire training collection to be held in main-memory; this is infeasible for large training collections such as DMOZ or large news wire feeds. In this paper, we show how inverted indexes can be used for scalable training in categorisation, and propose novel heuristics for a fast, accurate, and memory efficient approach. Our results show that an index can be constructed on a desktop workstation with little effect on categorisation accu-racy compared to a memory-based approach. We conclude that our techniques permit automatic categorisation using very large train-ing collections, vocabularies, and numbers of categories.	Index construction for linear categorisation	NA:NA	2018
Makoto Onizuka	Several applications based on XML stream processing have recently emerged, such as those for air traffic control and the selective dissemination of information (SDI). Their common need is to process a large number of XPath expressions in continuous XML streams at high throughput.This paper proposes four techniques for XPath expression processing based on Deterministic Finite Automata (DFA) for two purposes: to improve the memory usage efficiency of the automata and to support the processing of branching XPath expressions. The first technique, called n-DFA, clusters the given XPath expressions into n clusters to reduce the number of DFA states. The second, called shared NFA state table, lets the Non-Deterministic Finite Automata (NFA) state set be shared among the DFA states. Our experiments show that memory usage in an 8-DFA can, with the shared NFA state table, be reduced to 1/40th that of the original 1-DFA. The optimized NFA conversion and general XPath expression processing algorithm techniques contribute to the processing of branching XPath expressions efficiently; overall performance is better than is possible with earlier approaches.	Light-weight xPath processing of XML stream with deterministic automata	NA	2018
Damien K. Fisher:Franky Lam:William M. Shui:Raymond K. Wong	With the increasing popularity of XML, there arises the need for managing and querying information in this form. Several query languages, such as XQuery, have been proposed which return their results in document order. However, most recent efforts focused on query optimization have disregarded order. This paper presents a simple yet elegant method to maintain document ordering for XML data. Analysis of our method shows that it is indeed efficient and scalable, even for changing data.	Efficient ordering for XML data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ashraf Aboulnaga:Jeffrey F. Naughton	There have been several techniques proposed for building statistics for static XML data. However, very little work has been done in the area of building XML statistics for data sources that export XML views of data that is stored in relational or other databases. For such data sources, we need statistics that are built in an on-line manner, by observing the XML queries to the data sources and their results. In this paper, we present a technique for building on-line XML statistics by observing the XPath queries issued to a data source and their result sizes. These XPath queries select parts of the virtual XML document representing the XML view of the data at the data source. We convert these XPath queries to a more abstract and generalized form that we call annotated path expressions. We present a technique for storing these annotated path expressions and information about their selectivity for use in estimating the selectivity of future XPath queries. We also present an experimental evaluation of our proposed approach.	Building XML statistics for the hidden web	NA:NA	2018
Hua Li	NA	Session details: Industry session 2: meditation and data sharing	NA	2018
Leo Obrst	In this paper, we discuss the use of ontologies for semantic interoperability and integration. We argue that information technology has evolved into a world of largely loosely coupled systems and as such, needs increasingly more explicit, machine-interpretable semantics. Ontologies in the form of logical domain theories and their knowledge bases offer the richest representations of machine-interpretable semantics for systems and databases in the loosely coupled world, thus ensuring greater semantic interoperability and integration. Finally, we discuss how ontologies support semantic interoperability in the real, commercial and governmental world.	Ontologies for semantically interoperable systems	NA	2018
Omar Boucelma:Jean-Yves Garinet:Zoé Lacroix	The proliferation of spatial data on the Internet is beginning to allow a much wider access to data currently available in various Geographic Information Systems (GIS). In order to provide effective spatial database integration, we need to provide flexible and powerful GIS data integration solutions. Indeed, GIS are highly heterogeneous: not only they differ by their data representations, but they also offer radically different query languages. A GIS mediation approach should provide an integrated view of the data supplied by all sources, and a geographical query language to access and manipulate integrated data.	The virGIS WFS-based spatial mediation system	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kenneth Smith:Vipin Swarup:Sushil Jajodia:Donald Faatz:Todd Cornett:Jeff Hoyt	Shared scientific data, such as neuroimagery, offers great benefits to science. However, data owners must exercise custodial responsibilities which can conflict with the unhindered sharing of their data. Given simple choices of sharing widely or not at all, the result will frequently be no sharing. We hypothesize that neuroimagery sharing will be enhanced if data owners are provided with well-defined intermediate levels of data visibility. In this paper, we describe a broadly applicable data sharing model, Structured Sharing Communities (SSC), in which data becomes incrementally visible to communities structured as a complete partial-order; the associated properties of Privacy and Fairness regulate access to shared data. Within SSC, a customized policy space is defined capturing the sharing relationships among specific collaborators.	Securely sharing neuroimagery	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nazli Goharian	NA	Session details: Information retrieval session 7: web	NA	2018
Michelle Fisher:Richard Everson	We describe a latent variable model for representing a user's interests as a hyperlinked document collection. By collecting hyper-text documents that a user views, creates or updates whilst at their computer, we are able to use not only the content of these documents but also the inter-connectivity of the collection to model the user's interests. The model uses Probabilistic Latent Semantic Analysis and Probabilistic Hypertext Induced Topic Selection and decomposes the user's document collection into a set of factors each of which represents a user's interest. This model can be used to personalise information access tasks such as a personalised search engine or a personalised news service. Our latent variable model's performance is compared with that of a more conventional vector space clustering algorithm.	Representing interests as a hyperlinked document collection	NA:NA	2018
Rinat Khoussainov:Nicholas Kushmerick	Distributed heterogeneous search systems are an emerging phenomenon in Web search, in which independent topic-specific search engines provide search services, and metasearchers distribute user's queries to only the most suitable search engines. Previous research has investigated methods for engine selection and merging of search results (i.e. performance improvements from the user's perspective). We focus instead on performance from the service provider's point of view (e.g, income from queries processed vs. resources used to answer them). We consider a scenario in which individual search engines compete for user queries by choosing which documents (topics) to index. The difficulty here stems from the fact that the utilities of local engine actions should depend on the uncertain actions of competitors. Thus, naive strategies (e.g, blindly indexing lots of popular documents) are ineffective. We model the competition between search engines as a stochastic game, and propose a reinforcement learning approach to managing search index contents. We evaluate our approach using a large log of user queries to 47 real search engines.	Automated index management for distributed web search	NA:NA	2018
Pável Calado:Marco Cristo:Edleno Moura:Nivio Ziviani:Berthier Ribeiro-Neto:Marcos André Gonçalves	This paper studies how link information can be used to improve classification results for Web collections. We evaluate four different measures of subject similarity, derived from the Web link structure, and determine how accurate they are in predicting document categories. Using a Bayesian network model, we combine these measures with the results obtained by traditional content-based classifiers. Experiments on a Web directory show that best results are achieved when links from pages outside the directory are considered. Link information alone is able to obtain gains of up to 46 points in  F1, when compared to a traditional content-based classifier. The combination with content-based methods can further improve the results, but too much noise may be introduced, since the text of Web pages is a much less reliable source of information. This work provides an important insight on which measures derived from links are more appropriate to compare Web documents and how these measures can be combined with content-based algorithms to improve the effectiveness of Web classification.	Combining link-based and content-based methods for web document classification	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sourav S. Bhowmick:Vivek Vedagiri:Amey Laud	In this paper, we describe a graphical workflow management system called HyperThesis to address the challenges of integrating bioinformatics applications. HyperThesis is an integral component of the Genomics Research Network Architecture (gRNA). The gRNA was designed and developed to address the challenges of developing new bioinformatics applications. Specifically, HyperThesis makes constructing workflows (pipelines of execution of applications) in the gRNA fast and intuitive for biologists and bio-programmers alike. It provides a large repository of interconnectable, parameterized workflow components for processing and relating diverse biological data and software programs. It also enables us to add new workflow components as new algorithms develop in ones area of interest. HyperThesis has been fully implemented using Java.	HyperThesis: the gRNA spell on the curse of bioinformatics applications integration	NA:NA:NA	2018
L. Venkata Subramaniam:Sougata Mukherjea:Pankaj Kankar:Biplav Srivastava:Vishal S. Batra:Pasumarti V. Kamesam:Ravi Kothari	Journals and conference proceedings represent the dominant mechanisms of reporting new biomedical results. The unstructured nature of such publications makes it difficult to utilize data mining or automated knowledge discovery techniques. Annotation (or markup) of these unstructured documents represents the first step in making these documents machine analyzable. In this paper we first present a system called BioAnnotator for identifying and annotating biological terms in documents. BioAnnotator uses domain based dictionary look-up for recognizing known terms and a rule engine for discovering new terms. The combination and dictionary look-up and rules result in good performance (87% precision and 94% recall on the GENIA 1.1 corpus for extracting general biological terms based on an approximate matching criterion). To demonstrate the subsequent mining and knowledge discovery activities that are made feasible by BioAnnotator, we also present a system called MedSummarizer that uses the extracted terms to identify the common concepts in a given group of genes.	Information extraction from biomedical literature: methodology, evaluation and an application	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chun Tang:Aidong Zhang	DNA microarray technology is now widely used in basic biomedical research for mRNA expression profiling and are increasingly being used to explore patterns of gene expression in clinical research. Automatically detecting phenotype structures from gene expression profiles can provide deep insight into the nature of many diseases as well as lead in the development of new drugs. While most of the previous studies focus on only mining empirical phenotype structure which the experiment controls, it is also interesting to detect possible hidden phenotype structures underlying gene expression profiles.Since the number of samples is usually limited, such data sets are very sparse in high-dimensional gene space. Furthermore, most of the genes of interest are buried in large amount of noise. Unsupervised phenotype structure discovery of such sparse high-dimensional data sets present interesting but challenging problems. In this paper, we propose the model of simultaneously mining both empirical and hidden phenotype structures from gene expression data. We demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed method on various real-world data sets.	Mining multiple phenotype structures underlying gene expression profiles	NA:NA	2018
Wai Gen Yee	NA	Session details: Information retrieval session 8: efficiency	NA	2018
Andrei Z. Broder:David Carmel:Michael Herscovici:Aya Soffer:Jason Zien	We present an efficient query evaluation method based on a two level approach: at the first level, our method iterates in parallel over query term postings and identifies candidate documents using an approximate evaluation taking into account only partial information on term occurrences and no query independent factors; at the second level, promising candidates are fully evaluated and their exact scores are computed. The efficiency of the evaluation process can be improved significantly using dynamic pruning techniques with very little cost in effectiveness. The amount of pruning can be controlled by the user as a function of time allocated for query evaluation. Experimentally, using the TREC Web Track data, we have determined that our algorithm significantly reduces the total number of full evaluations by more than 90%, almost without any loss in precision or recall. At the heart of our approach there is an efficient implementation of a new Boolean construct called WAND or Weak AND that might be of independent interest.	Efficient query evaluation using a two-level retrieval process	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Abdur Chowdhury:Greg Pass	Prior research into search system scalability has primarily addressed query processing efficiency [1, 2, 3] or indexing efficiency [3], or has presented some arbitrary system architecture [4]. Little work has introduced any formal theoretical framework for evaluating architectures with regard to specific operational requirements, or for comparing architectures beyond simple timings [5] or basic simulations [6, 7]. In this paper, we present a framework based upon queuing network theory for analyzing search systems in terms of operational requirements. We use response time, throughput, and utilization as the key operational characteristics for evaluating performance. Within this framework, we present a scalability strategy that combines index partitioning and index replication to satisfy a given set of requirement.	Operational requirements for scalable search systems	NA:NA	2018
Jack G. Conrad:Xi S. Guo:Cindy P. Schriber	As online document collections continue to expand, both on the Web and in proprietary environments, the need for duplicate detection becomes more critical. Few users wish to retrieve search results consisting of sets of duplicate documents, whether identical duplicates or close matches. Our goal in this work is to investigate the phenomenon and determine one or more approaches that minimize its impact on search results. Recent work has focused on using some form of signature to characterize a document in order to reduce the complexity of document comparisons. A representative technique constructs a 'fingerprint' of the rarest or richest features in a document using collection statistics as criteria for feature selection. One of the challenges of this approach, however, arises from the fact that in production environments, collections of documents are always changing, with new documents, or new versions of documents, arriving frequently, and other documents periodically removed. When an enterprise proceeds to freeze a training collection in order to stabilize the underlying repository of such features and its associated collection statistics, issues of coverage and completeness arise. We show that even with very large training collections possessing extremely high feature correlations before and after updates, underlying fingerprints remain sensitive to subtle changes. We explore alternative solutions that benefit from the development of massive meta-collections made up of sizable components from multiple domains. This technique appears to offer a practical foundation for fingerprint stability. We also consider mechanisms for updating training collections while mitigating signature instability. Our research is divided into three parts. We begin with a study of the distribution of duplicate types in two broad-ranging news collections consisting of approximately 50 million documents. We then examine the utility of document signatures in addressing identical or nearly identical duplicate documents and their sensitivity to collection updates. Finally, we investigate a flexible method of characterizing and comparing documents in order to permit the identification of non-identical duplicates. This method has produced promising results following an extensive evaluation using a production-based test collection created by domain experts.	Online duplicate document detection: signature reliability in a dynamic retrieval environment	NA:NA:NA	2018
James Abello:Yannis Kotidis	Traffic analysis, in the context of Telecommunications or Internet and Web data, is crucial for large network operations. Data in such networks is often provided as large graphs with hundreds of millions of vertices and edges. We propose efficient techniques for managing such graphs at the storage level in order to facilitate its processing at the interface level(visualization). The methods are based on a hierarchical decomposition of the graph edge set that is inherited from a hierarchical decomposition of the vertex set. Real time navigation is provided by an efficient two level indexing schema called the gkd*-tree. The first level is a variation of a kd-tree index that partitions the edge set in a way that conforms to the hierarchical decomposition and the data distribution (the gkd-tree). The second level is a redundant R-tree that indexes the leaf pages of the gkd-tree. We provide computational results that illustrate the superiority of the gkd-tree against conventional indexes like the kd-tree and the R*-tree both in creation as well as query response times.	Hierarchical graph indexing	NA:NA	2018
Linas Bukauskas:Leo Mark:Edward Omiecinski:Michael H. Böhlen	The visual exploration of large databases calls for a tight coupling of database and visualization systems. Current visualization systems typically fetch all the data and organize it in a scene tree, which is then used to render the visible data. For immersive data explorations, where an observer navigates in a potentially huge data space and explores selected data regions this approach is inadequate. A scalable approach is to make the database system observer-aware and exchange the data that is visible and most relevant to the observer.In this paper we present iTopN an incremental algorithm for extracting the most visible objects relative to the current position of the observer. We implement iTopN and compare it to an improved version of the R-tree that extends LRU with the caching of the top levels of the R-tree (LW-LRU). Our experiments show that iTopN is orders of magnitude faster than LW-LRU given the same amount of memory. Our experiments also show that for LW-LRU to perform as fast as iTopN it needs three times as much memory.	iTopN: incremental extraction of the N most visible objects	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Otthein Herzog	NA	Session details: Information retievalk session 9: language models	NA	2018
Xiaoyan Li:W. Bruce Croft	We explore the relationship between time and relevance using TREC ad-hoc queries. A type of query is identified that favors very recent documents. We propose a time-based language model approach to retrieval for these queries. We show how time can be incorporated into both query-likelihood models and relevance models. These models were used for experiments comparing time-based language models to heuristic techniques for incorporating document recency in the ranking. Our results show that time-based models perform as well as or better than the best of the heuristic techniques.	Time-based language models	NA:NA	2018
Munirathnam Srikanth:Rohini Srihari	Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques have been explored to enhance the performance of Information Retrieval (IR) methods with varied results. Most efforts in using NLP techniques have been to identify better index terms for representing documents. This use in the indexing phase of IR has implicit effect on retrieval performance. However, the explicit use of NLP techniques during the retrieval or information seeking phase has been restricted to interactive or dialogue systems. Recent advances in IR are based on using Statistical Language Models (SLM) to represent documents and ranking them based on their model generating a given user query. This paper presents a novel method for using NLP techniques on user queries, specifically, a syntactic parse of a query, in the statistical language modeling approach to IR. In the proposed method, named Concept Language Models, a query is viewed as a sequence of concepts and a concept as a sequence terms. The paper presents different approximations to estimate the concept and term probabilities and compute the query likelihood estimate for documents. Some empirical results on TREC test collections comparing Concept Language Models with smoothed N-gram language models are presented.	Exploiting syntactic structure of queries in a language modeling approach to IR	NA:NA	2018
Javed A. Aslam:Virgiliu Pavlu:Robert Savell	We present a unified model which, given the ranked lists of documents returned by multiple retrieval systems in response to a given query, simultaneously solves the problems of (1) fusing the ranked lists of documents in order to obtain a high-quality combined list (metasearch); (2) generating document collections likely to contain large fractions of relevant documents (pooling); and (3) accurately evaluating the underlying retrieval systems with small numbers of relevance judgments (efficient system assessment). Our approach is based on the Hedge algorithm for on-line learning. In effect, our proposed system "learns" which documents are likely to be relevant from a sequence of on-line relevance judgments. In experiments using TREC data, our methodology is shown to outperform standard methods for metasearch, pooling, and system evaluation, often remarkably so.	A unified model for metasearch, pooling, and system evaluation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Len Seligman	NA	Session details: Industry session 3: data analysis, mining, and managing XML	NA	2018
Eui-Hong Han:George Karypis:Doug Mewhort:Keith Hatchard	The explosive growth of available information sources and the resulting information overload pose several problems for users in many business organizations and educational institutions. First, searching through several information sources, one at a time, is a source of enormous frustration for users. Second, top-ranked documents in search results are frequently irrelevant to what users are interested in. To address these problems, we have developed ixmeta™, a powerful metasearch engine that gathers, evaluates, ranks, and reports the most relevant results from multiple information sources, including library catalogs, proprietary databases, intranets, and Web search engines. In addition to basic metasearch capabilities, ixmetafind uses personalization and clustering techniques to find the most relevant results for users. In this paper, we briefly describe technologies used in ixmetafind and present pinpoint™ from Sagebrush Corporation, the smart research tool™ in the kindergarten through twelfth grade (K-12) school environment. Pinpoint showcases ixmetafind in the knowledge management domain of the K-12 school environment.	Intelligent metasearch engine for knowledge management	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Holmes	The concept of using a relational database to perform information retrieval (IR) search functions is well established. Prior work demonstrates the capability to perform common functions and advanced ranking algorithms using standard, unchanged SQL. The previous work does not address the preprocessing of unstructured text within the relational model. In fact, the parsing of the unstructured data into a structured data set was done outside of the database, usually using sequential programming languages such as C. This work proves that IR preprocessing does not require proprietary application code to build the framework necessary for searching document databases. Furthermore, the resulting environment is relational and integrates with other data sources within an organization.	SQL text parsing for information retrieval	NA	2018
Tahia Infantes-Morris:Philip J. Bernhard:Kevin L. Fox:Gary J. Faulkner:Kristina Stripling	In this paper we report the results of an independent experimental evaluation of an information retrieval (IR) system developed at the Illinois Institute of Technology (IIT). The system, which is called the Advanced Information Retrieval Engine (AIRE), consists of a set of tools and utilities providing indexing, extraction, searching and visualization. We evaluated AIRE on three data sets from the Text REtrieval Conference (TREC) - TREC 8, 9 and 10. Overall, our results indicate that AIRE is a highly accurate IR system. Compared with results published by IIT, in our experiments AIRE consistently scored higher in recall. AIRE also scored higher in precision, but only for automatic tasks. In manual tasks, AIRE scored lower in precision in our experiments, but we attributed that to factors external to AIRE. Our final conclusion is that AIRE is a highly accurate IR system.	Industrial evaluation of a highly-accurate academic IR system	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ryen W. White:Joemon M. Jose:Ian Ruthven	Searchers can have problems devising queries that accurately express their, often dynamic, information needs. In this paper we describe an adaptive approach that uses unobtrusive monitoring of interaction to help alleviate such problems and support searchers in their seeking. The approach we propose implicitly selects terms to better represent information needs, gathers evidence on potential changes in these needs, and uses this evidence to tailor the result presentation accordingly. A user evaluation of an interface implementing our approach, presented in [7], shows it can select terms that approximate current information needs and provide evidence to track changes in these needs.	An approach for implicitly detecting information needs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dragomir R. Radev:Daniel Tam	We present a series of experiments to demonstrate the validity of Relative Utility (RU) as a measure for evaluating extractive summarizers. RU is applicable in both single-document and multi-document summarization, is extendable to arbitrary compression rates with no extra annotation effort, and takes into account both random system performance and interjudge agreement. Our results using the JHU summary corpus indicate that RU is a reasonable and often superior alternative to several common evaluation metrics.	Summarization evaluation using relative utility	NA:NA	2018
Ling Ma:Nazli Goharian:Abdur Chowdhury:Misun Chung	We propose a novel approach that identifies web page templates and extracts the unstructured data. Extracting only the body of the page and eliminating the template increases the retrieval precision for the queries that generate irrelevant results. We believe that by reducing the number of irrelevant results; the users are encouraged to go back to a given site to search. Our experimental results on several different web sites and on the whole cnnfn collection demonstrate the feasibility of our approach.	Extracting unstructured data from template generated web documents	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lakshmish Ramaswamy:Arun Iyengar:Ling Liu:Fred Douglis	The existing approaches to fragment-based publishing, delivery and caching of web pages assume that the web pages are manually fragmented at their respective web sites. However manual fragmentation of web pages is expensive, error prone, and not scalable. This paper proposes a novel scheme to automatically detect and flag possible fragments in a web site. Our approach is based on an analysis of the web pages dynamically generated at given web sites with respect to their information sharing behavior, personalization characteristics and change patterns.	Techniques for efficient fragment detection in web pages	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kurt Deschler:Elke Rundensteiner	Effective indexing for XML must consider both the query requirements of the XPath language and the dynamic nature of XML. We introduce MASS, a Multiple Axis Storage Structure, to provide scalable indexing for XPath expressions with guaranteed update performance. We describe the building blocks of MASS and provide results that demonstrate MASS's scalability. We show that MASS can outperform other state-of-the-art XML indexing solutions, even with constrained system resources.	MASS: a multi-axis storage structure for large XML documents	NA:NA	2018
Anne Kao:Lesley Quach:Steve Poteet:Steve Woods	While there are many aspects to managing corporate knowledge, one key issue is how to organize corporate documents into categories of interest. In this paper, we focus on using user assisted text classification in conjunction with a web portal, multiple document management systems and an ontology, to provide a powerful solution for organizing information about a company's technology. We propose a system that interacts with an author using an automatic text classifier to suggest controlled keywords to be used as metadata. The proposed approach does not require professional librarians or that the end users have extensive training. The use of a controlled vocabulary allows for a more consistent description of corporate documents, and promotes easier access by people across the company. It is easier to find similar documents which use different nomenclature. Finally, the interactive nature of the system results in a more correct and precise description of each document than a fully automatic system would.	User assisted text classification and knowledge management	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christopher S. Campbell:Paul P. Maglio:Alex Cozzi:Byron Dom	A common method for finding information in an organization is to use social networks---ask people, following referrals until someone with the right information is found. Another way is to automatically mine documents to determine who knows what. Email documents seem particularly well suited to this task of "expertise location", as people routinely communicate what they know. Moreover, because people explicitly direct email to one another, social networks are likely to be contained in the patterns of communication. Can these patterns be used to discover experts on particular topics? Is this approach better than mining message content alone? To find answers to these questions, two algorithms for determining expertise from email were compared: a content-based approach that takes account only of email text, and a graph-based ranking algorithm (HITS) that takes account both of text and communication patterns. An evaluation was done using email and explicit expertise ratings from two different organizations. The rankings given by each algorithm were compared to the explicit rankings with the precision and recall measures commonly used in information retrieval, as well as the d' measure commonly used in signal-detection theory. Results show that the graph-based algorithm performs better than the content-based algorithm at identifying experts in both cases, demonstrating that the graph-based algorithm effectively extracts more information than is found in content alone.	Expertise identification using email communications	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Sifer	Multi-dimensional data occurs in many domains while a wide variety of text based and visual interfaces for querying such data exists. But many of these interfaces are not applicable to OLAP, as they do not support use of dimension hierarchies for selection and aggregation. We introduce an interface technique which supports visual querying of OLAP data, that has been implemented in the SGViewer tool. It is based on a data graph rather than a data cube representation of the data. Our interface presents each dimension hierarchy in a zoomable panel which supports selection and aggregation at multiple levels. Users explore data and query it by making selections in several dimension views. Three view coordinations are identified; progressive, global and result only. Our main contribution, the progressive view coordination provides better support for query refinement than existing interfaces, by helping users decide the next query step with intermediate result overviews, and by helping users change a previous selection decision with retained selection context views. Our interface technique is demonstrated with a web log dataset of visits organised into time, download, visitor and referrer address dimensions.	A visual interface technique for exploring OLAP data with coordinated dimension hierarchies	NA	2018
Joong Hyuk Chang:Won Suk Lee	Knowledge embedded in a data stream is likely to be changed as time goes by. Consequently, identifying the recent change of the knowledge quickly can provide valuable information for the analysis of the data stream. However, most of mining algorithms or frequency approximation algorithms for a data stream do not able to extract the recent change of information in a data stream adaptively. This paper proposes a sliding window-based method that finds recently frequent itemsets over an online data stream adaptively. The size of a window defines a desired life-time of the information in a newly generated transaction. Consequently, only recently generated transactions in the range of the window are considered to find the frequent itemsets of a data stream.	estWin: adaptively monitoring the recent change of frequent itemsets over online data streams	NA:NA	2018
Mounia Lalmas:Jane Reid	Focussed structured document retrieval employs the concept of best entry points (BEPs), which are intended to provide optimal starting-points from which users can browse to relevant document components. This paper describes two small-scale studies, using experimental data from the Shakespeare user study, which developed and evaluated different approaches to the problem of automatic identification of BEPs.	Automatic identification of best entry points for focused structured document retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Pu-Jen Cheng:Lee-Feng Chien	In this paper, we propose an approach to automatically generating a Yahoo!-like topic hierarchy for organizing Web images from users' perspectives. Relatively little effort has been devoted towards providing such a taxonomy simultaneously considering users' image requests for semantic and visual information. Based on the characteristic that a Web-image query may be refined by various attributes, the proposed approach hierarchically groups similar queries from search engine logs into topic classes at different semantic levels. The generated topic hierarchy has the advantages of organizing image data from users' perspectives for browsing, searching, annotation and users' needs analysis.A series of experiments have been conducted on real-world image search engine logs. Experimental results show that the proposed approach is feasible to generate topic hierarchies for Web images. Moreover, the generated hierarchy has been successfully applied to analysis of users' search interests, which have more focuses on some specific domains when compared with document requests.	Auto-generation of topic hierarchies for web images from users' perspectives	NA:NA	2018
Dwi H. Widyantoro:Thomas R. Ioerger:John Yen	Keeping track of changes in user interests from a document stream with a few relevance judgments is not an easy task. To tackle this problem, we propose a novel method that integrates (1) pseudo-relevance feedback mechanism, (2) assumption about the persistence of user interests and (3) incremental method for data clustering. This approach has been empirically evaluated using Reuters-21578 corpus in a setting for information filtering. The experiment results reveal that it significantly improves the performances of existing user-interest-tracking systems without requiring additional, actual relevance judgments.	Tracking changes in user interests with a few relevance judgments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Corsin Decurtins:Moira C. Norrie:Beat Signer	We present a general model and information server for the digital annotation of printed documents. The resulting annotation framework supports both informal and structured annotations as well as context-dependent services. A demonstrator application for mammography that features both enhanced writing and reading activities is described.	Digital annotation of printed documents	NA:NA:NA	2018
David Liben-Nowell:Jon Kleinberg	Given a snapshot of a social network, can we infer which new interactions among its members are likely to occur in the near future? We formalize this question as the link prediction problem, and develop approaches to link prediction based on measures the "proximity" of nodes in a network. Experiments on large co-authorship networks suggest that information about future interactions can be extracted from network topology alone, and that fairly subtle measures for detecting node proximity can outperform more direct measures.	The link prediction problem for social networks	NA:NA	2018
Ramesh Nallapati:Bruce Croft:James Allan	In traditional relevance feedback, researchers have explored relevant document feedback, wherein, the query representation is updated based on a set of relevant documents returned by the user. In this work, we investigate relevant query feedback, in which we update a document's representation based on a set of relevant queries. We propose four statistical models to incorporate relevant query feedback.To validate our models, we considered anchor text of incoming links to a given document as feedback queries and performed experiments on the home-page retrieval task of TREC 2001. Our results show that three of our four models outperform the query-likelihood baseline by at least 35% in MRR score on a test set.	Relevant query feedback in statistical language modeling	NA:NA:NA	2018
Olena Parkhomenko:Yugyung Lee:E. K. Park	Peer-to-peer (P2P) systems and Semantic Web are two novel technologies that face a lot of shortcomings if considered as isolated paradigms. We present an approach that utilizes ontologies to set up a peer profile containing all the data, necessary for peer-to-peer interoperability. Using this profile can help eliminate some major issues persistent in current P2P networks, such as security, resource aggregation, group management. We also consider applications of peer profiling for Semantic Web built on P2P networks, such as an improved semantic search for resources, not explicitly published on the Web, but available in a P2P system. We develop the ontology-based peer profile in RDF format and demonstrate its manifold benefits for peer communication and knowledge discovery in both P2P networks and Semantic Web.	Ontology-driven peer profiling in peer-to-peer enabled semantic web	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi-fang Brook Wu:Latha Shankar:Xin Chen	In this paper, we propose a prototype system for automatic generation of concept hierarchies to be used as an overview of search results. The system sends a user's query to five search engines and receives a returned list of relevant web pages. The system then extracts query-oriented concept terms from snippets that come with the returned hits. Concept terms are organized into a concept hierarchy using a co-occurrence-based classification technique. Finally, concepts in returned documents are dynamically highlighted according to terms in the selected concept branch that lead to the chosen document. The user study shows that concept hierarchies do provide easy navigation and browsing of web returned documents. The results also show that users can find a document of interest no matter how low it is ranked in the retrieved list.	Finding more useful information faster from web search results	NA:NA:NA	2018
Raghu Ramakrishnan	The EDAM project is a collaborative effort between computer scientists and environmental chemists at Carleton College and UW-Madison. The goal is to develop data mining techniques for advancing the state of the art in analyzing atmospheric aerosol datasets. The traditional approach for particle measurement, which is the collection of bulk samples of particulates on filters, is not adequate for studying particle dynamics and real-time correlations. This has led to the development of a new generation of real-time instruments that provide continuous or semi-continuous streams of data about certain aerosol properties. However, these instruments have added a significant level of complexity to atmospheric aerosol data, and dramatically increased the amounts of data to be collected, managed, and analyzed. We are investigating techniques for automatically labeling mass spectra from different kinds of aerosol mass spectrometers, and then analyzing and exploring the rich spatiotemporal information collected from multiple geographically distributed instruments. In this talk, I will present an overview of some novel data mining problems, describe some of the techniques we are developing to address them, and discuss the broader applicability of these techniques to problems from other domains.	The EDAM project: mining mass spectra and more	NA	2018
Wenfei Fan:Minos Garofalakis:Ming Xiong:Xibei Jia	The proliferation of XML as a standard for data representation and exchange in diverse, next-generation Web applications has created an emphatic need for effective XML data-integration tools. For several real-life scenarios, such XML data integration needs to be <i>DTD-directed</i> -- in other words, the target, integrated XML database must conform to a prespecified, user- or application-defined DTD. In this paper, we propose a novel formalism, <i>XML Integration Grammars (XIGs)</i>, for specifying DTD-directed integration of XML data. Abstractly, an XIG maps data from multiple XML sources to a target XML document that conforms to a predefined DTD. An XIG extracts source XML data via queries expressed in a fragment of XQuery, and controls target document generation with tree-valued attributes and the target DTD. The novelty of XIGs consists in not only their automatic support for DTD-conformance but also in their: an XIG may embed local and remote XIGs in its definition, and invoke these XIGs during its evaluation. This yields an important modularity property for our XIGs that allows one to divide a complex integration task into manageable sub-tasks and conquer each of them separately. To efficiently evaluate XIGs we provide algorithms for merging XML queries in an XIG and for scheduling queries and embedded XIGs. These lead to an effective framework, as well as a design tool for XQuery, for effectively specifying and computing complex, DTD-directed XML integration.	Composable XML integration grammars	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qi He:Tok Wang Ling	We study the representation, derivation and utilization of a special kind of constraints in multidatabase systems. A major challenge is when component database schemas are <i>schematic discrepant</i> from each other, i.e., data values of one database correspond to schema labels of another. We propose "qualified functional dependencies" (or qualified FDs), an extension to conventional FDs to formalize integrity constraints in multidatabase systems. We first give inference rules to derive qualified FDs in fixed schemas, then study the derivation of qualified FDs during the transformations between schematic discrepant schemas. Propagation rules are given to derive qualified FDs of transformed schemas from qualified FDs of original schemas. Our work can be used in different stages of building and accessing a multidatabase system, e.g., to detect and resolve value inconsistency in schema integration, to verify lossless schema transformations, to normalize integrated schemas, to verify the integrity of data, and to optimize queries at an integration level. In particular, as an application of our theory, we will use FDs to check the validity of SchemaSQL views (SchemaSQL is a powerful multidatabase language).	Extending and inferring functional dependencies in schema transformation	NA:NA	2018
Bin He:Tao Tao:Kevin Chen-Chuan Chang	In the recent years, the Web has been rapidly "deepened" with the prevalence of databases online. On this deep Web, many sources are <i>structured</i> by providing structured query interfaces and results. Organizing such structured sources into a domain hierarchy is one of the critical steps toward the integration of heterogeneous Web sources. We observe that, for structured Web sources, query schemas <i>ie</i>, attributes in query interfaces) are discriminative representatives of the sources and thus can be exploited for source characterization. In particular, by viewing query schemas as a type of categorical data, we abstract the problem of source organization into the clustering of categorical data. Our approach hypothesizes that "homogeneous sources" are characterized by the same hidden generative models for their schemas. To find clusters governed by such statistical distributions, we propose a new objective function, <i>model-differentiation</i>, which employs principled hypothesis testing to maximize statistical heterogeneity among clusters. Our evaluation over hundreds of real sources indicates that (1) the schema-based clustering accurately organizes sources by object domains <i>eg</i>, Books, Movies), and (2) on clustering Web query schemas, the model-differentiation function outperforms existing ones, such as likelihood, entropy, and context linkages, with the hierarchical agglomerative clustering algorithm.	Organizing structured web sources by query schemas: a clustering approach	NA:NA:NA	2018
Luo Si:Jamie Callan	This paper presents a unified utility framework for resource selection of distributed text information retrieval. This new framework shows an efficient and effective way to infer the probabilities of relevance of all the documents across the text databases. With the estimated relevance information, resource selection can be made by explicitly optimizing the goals of different applications. Specifically, when used for database recommendation, the selection is optimized for the goal of high-recall (include as many relevant documents as possible in the selected databases); when used for distributed document retrieval, the selection targets the high-precision goal (high precision in the final merged list of documents). This new model provides a more solid framework for distributed information retrieval. Empirical studies show that it is at least as effective as other state-of-the-art algorithms.	Unified utility maximization framework for resource selection	NA:NA	2018
Stephen Robertson:Hugo Zaragoza:Michael Taylor	This paper describes a simple way of adapting the BM25 ranking formula to deal with structured documents. In the past it has been common to compute scores for the individual fields (e.g. title and body) independently and then combine these scores (typically linearly) to arrive at a final score for the document. We highlight how this approach can lead to poor performance by breaking the carefully constructed non-linear saturation of term frequency in the BM25 function. We propose a much more intuitive alternative which weights term frequencies <i>before</i> the non-linear term frequency saturation function is applied. In this scheme, a structured document with a title weight of two is mapped to an unstructured document with the title content repeated twice. This more verbose unstructured document is then ranked in the usual way. We demonstrate the advantages of this method with experiments on Reuters Vol1 and the TREC dotGov collection.	Simple BM25 extension to multiple weighted fields	NA:NA:NA	2018
Egidio Terra:Charles L.A. Clarke	An usual approach to address mismatching vocabulary problem is to augment the original query using dictionaries and other lexical resources and/or by looking at pseudo-relevant documents. Either way, terms are added to form a new query that will be used to score all documents in a subsequent retrieval pass, and as consequence the original query's focus may drift because of the newly added terms. We propose a new method to address the mismatching vocabulary problem, expanding original query terms only when necessary and complementing the user query for missing terms while scoring documents. It allows related semantic aspects to be included in a conservative and selective way, thus reducing the possibility of query drift. Our results using replacements for the <i>missing query terms</i> in modified document and passages retrieval methods show significant improvement over the original ones.	Scoring missing terms in information retrieval tasks	NA:NA	2018
Stefan Siersdorfer:Sergej Sizov:Gerhard Weikum	Automatic text classification methods come with various calibration parameters such as thresholds for probabilities in Bayesian classifiers or for hyperplane distances in SVM classifiers. In a given application context these parameters should be set so as to meet the relative importance of various result quality metrics such as precision versus recall. In this paper we consider classifiers that can accept a document for a topic, reject it, or abstain. We aim to meet the application's goals in terms of accuracy (i.e., avoid false acceptances or rejections) and loss (i.e., limit the fraction of documents for which no decision is made). To this end we investigate restrictive forms of Support Vector Machine classifiers and we develop meta methods that split the training data into subsets for independently trained classifiers and then combine the results of these classifiers. These techniques tend to improve accuracy at the expense of document loss. We develop estimators that help to predict the accuracy and loss for a given setting of the methods' tuning parameters, and a methodology for efficiently deriving a setting that meets the application's goals. Our experiments confirm the practical viability of the approach.	Goal-oriented methods and meta methods for document classification and their parameter tuning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dalila Mekhaldi:Denis Lalanne:Rolf Ingold	In this paper, we describe a new method for a simultaneous thematic segmentation of the meeting dialogs and the documents discussed or visible throughout the meeting. This bi-modal method is suitable for multimodal applications that are centered on documents, such as meetings and lectures, where documents can be aligned with meeting dialogs. Bringing into play this alignment, our bi-modal segmentation method first transforms its results into a set of nodes in a 2D graph space, where the two axes represent respectively the document units and the meeting dialogs units. Secondly, via a clustering method, the most connected regions in the constituted bi-graph are detected. Finally, the denser clusters are projected on the two axes. The two sequences of segments, obtained on both axes, represent the thematic structure of the document and of the meeting dialogs respectively. We present in this article this bi-modal segmentation technique and its performance compared with two mono-modal segmentation methods.	Using bi-modal alignment and clustering techniques for documents and speech thematic segmentations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lijuan Cai:Thomas Hofmann	Automatically categorizing documents into pre-defined topic hierarchies or taxonomies is a crucial step in knowledge and content management. Standard machine learning techniques like Support Vector Machines and related large margin methods have been successfully applied for this task, albeit the fact that they ignore the inter-class relationships. In this paper, we propose a novel hierarchical classification method that generalizes Support Vector Machine learning and that is based on discriminant functions that are structured in a way that mirrors the class hierarchy. Our method can work with arbitrary, not necessarily singly connected taxonomies and can deal with task-specific loss functions. All parameters are learned jointly by optimizing a common objective function corresponding to a regularized upper bound on the empirical loss. We present experimental results on the WIPO-alpha patent collection to show the competitiveness of our approach.	Hierarchical document categorization with support vector machines	NA:NA	2018
Kun-Lung Wu:Shyh-Kwei Chen:Philip S. Yu	A large number of continual range queries can be issued against a data stream. Usually, a main memory-based query index with a small storage cost and a fast search time is needed, especially if the stream is rapid. In this paper, we present a CEI-based query index that meets both criteria for efficient processing of continual interval queries in a streaming environment. This new query index is centered around a set of predefined virtual <i>containment-encoded intervals</i>, or CEIs. The CEIs are used to first decompose query intervals and then perform efficient search operations. The CEIs are defined and labeled such that containment relationships among them are encoded in their IDs. The containment encoding makes decomposition and search operations efficient because integer additions and logical shifts can be used to carry out most of the operations. Simulations are conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of the CEI-based query index and to compare it with alternative approaches. The results show that the CEI-based query index significantly outperforms existing approaches in terms of both storage cost and search time.	Interval query indexing for efficient stream processing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Luping Ding:Elke A. Rundensteiner	We explore join optimizations in the presence of both time-based constraints (sliding windows) and value-based constraints (punctuations). We present the first join solution named PWJoin that exploits such combined constraints to shrink the runtime join state and to propagate punctuations to benefit downstream operators. We design a state structure for PWJoin that facilitates the exploitation of both constraint types. We also explore optimizations enabled by the interactions between window and punctuation, e.g., early punctuation propagation. The costs of the PWJoin are analyzed using a cost model. We also conduct an experimental study using CAPE continuous query system. The experimental results show that in most cases, by exploiting punctuations, PWJoin outperforms the pure window join with regard to both memory overhead and throughput. Our technique complements the joins in the literature, such as symmetric hash join or window join, to now require less runtime resources without compromising the accuracy of the result.	Evaluating window joins over punctuated streams	NA:NA	2018
Yi Chen:George A. Mihaila:Susan B. Davidson:Sriram Padmanabhan	As XML becomes an increasingly popular format for information exchange, the efficient processing of broadcast XML data on a constrained device (for example, a cell phone or a PDA) becomes a critical task. In this paper we present the EXPedite system: a new model of data processing in an information exchange environment, which "migrates" the power of the data-sending server to receivers for efficient processing. It consists of a simple and general encoding scheme for servers, and streaming query processing algorithms on encoded XML stream for data receivers with constrained computing abilities. Experiments show the impressive performance of EXPedite.	EXPedite: a system for encoded XML processing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gui-Rong Xue:Hua-Jun Zeng:Zheng Chen:Yong Yu:Wei-Ying Ma:WenSi Xi:WeiGuo Fan	The performance of web search engines may often deteriorate due to the diversity and noisy information contained within web pages. User click-through data can be used to introduce more accurate description (metadata) for web pages, and to improve the search performance. However, noise and incompleteness, sparseness, and the volatility of web pages and queries are three major challenges for research work on user click-through log mining. In this paper, we propose a novel iterative reinforced algorithm to utilize the user click-through data to improve search performance. The algorithm fully explores the interrelations between queries and web pages, and effectively finds "virtual queries" for web pages and overcomes the challenges discussed above. Experiment results on a large set of MSN click-through log data show a significant improvement on search performance over the naive query log mining algorithm as well as the baseline search engine.	Optimizing web search using web click-through data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shui-Lung Chuang:Lee-Feng Chien	It is crucial in many information systems to organize short text segments, such as keywords in documents and queries from users, into a well-formed topic hierarchy. In this paper, we address the problem of generating topic hierarchies for diverse text segments with a general and practical approach that uses the Web as an additional knowledge source. Unlike long documents, short text segments typically do not contain enough information to extract reliable features. This work investigates the possibilities of using highly ranked search-result snippets to enrich the representation of text segments. A hierarchical clustering algorithm is then applied to create the hierarchical topic structure of text segments. Different from traditional clustering algorithms, which tend to produce cluster hierarchies with a very unnatural shape, the approach tries to produce a more natural and comprehensive hierarchy. Extensive experiments were conducted on different domains of text segments. The obtained results have shown the potential of the proposed approach, which is believed able to benefit many information systems.	A practical web-based approach to generating topic hierarchy for text segments	NA:NA	2018
Marius Pasca	The recognition of names and their associated categories within unstructured text traditionally relies on semantic lexicons and gazetteers. The amount of effort required to assemble large lexicons confines the recognition to either a limited domain (e.g., <i>medical imaging</i>), or a small set of pre-defined, broader categories of interest (e.g., <i>persons</i>, <i>countries</i>, <i>organizations</i>, <i>products</i>). This constitutes a serious limitation in an information seeking context. In this case, the categories of potential interest to users are more diverse (<i>universities</i>, <i>agencies</i>, <i>retailers</i>, <i>celebrities</i>), often refined (e.g., <i>SLR digital cameras</i>, <i>programming languages</i>, <i>multinational oil companies</i>), and usually overlapping (e.g., the same entity may be concurrently a <i>brand name</i>, a <i>technology company</i>, and an <i>industry leader</i>). We present a lightly supervised method for acquiring named entities in arbitrary categories. The method applies lightweight lexico-syntactic extraction patterns to the unstructured text of Web documents. The method is a departure from traditional approaches to named entity recognition in that: 1) it does not require any start-up seed names or training; 2) it does not encode any domain knowledge in its extraction patterns; 3) it is only lightly supervised, and data-driven; 4) it does not impose any a-priori restriction on the categories of extracted names. We illustrate applications of the method in Web search, and describe experiments on 500 million Web documents and news articles.	Acquisition of categorized named entities for web search	NA	2018
Yang Song:Sourav S. Bhowmick	NA	BioDIFF: an effective fast change detection algorithm for genomic and proteomic data	NA:NA	2018
S. Alireza Aghili:Divyakant Agrawal:Amr El Abbadi	A novel approach for similarity search on protein structure databases is proposed which incorporates the three dimensional coordinates of the main atoms of each amino acid and extracts a geometrical signature along with the direction of the given amino acid. As a result, each protein is presented by a series of feature vectors representing local geometry, shape, direction, and secondary structure assignment of its amino acid constituents. Furthermore, a residue-to-residue distance matrix is calculated and is incorporated into a local alignment dynamic programming algorithm to find the similar portions of two given proteins and finally a sequence alignment step is used as the last filtration step. The optimal superimposition of the detected similar regions is used to assess the quality of the results. The proposed algorithm is fast and accurate and hence could be used for the analysis of large protein structure similarity.	Protein structure alignment using geometrical features	NA:NA:NA	2018
Seokkyung Chung:Jongeun Jun:Dennis McLeod	Given the recent advancement of microarray technologies, we present a density-based clustering approach for the purpose of co-expressed gene cluster identification. The underlying hypothesis is that a set of co-expressed gene clusters can be used to reveal a common biological function. By addressing the strengths and limitations of previous density-based clustering approaches, we present a novel clustering algorithm that utilizes a neighborhood defined by <i>k</i>-nearest neighbors. Experimental results indicate that the proposed method identifies biologically meaningful and co-expressed gene clusters.	Mining gene expression datasets using density-based clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tao Li:Mitsunori Ogihara	NA	Semi-supervised learning for music artists style identification	NA:NA	2018
Jialie Shen:John Shepherd:Anne H.H. Ngu	In this paper, we present a novel feature extraction method facilitating efficient content-based music retrieval and classification, called <i>InMAF</i>. The goal of our approach is to allow straightforward incorporation of multiple musical features, such as timbral texture, pitch and rhythm structure, into a single low dimensional vector that is effective for retrieval and classification. Unlike earlier approaches that used only acoustic properties as the basis for retrieval, our approach can easily incoporate human music perception to improve accuracy of retrieval and classification process. The superiority of our method is demonstrated by comparing it with state-of-the-art approaches in the areas of music classification (using a variety of machine learning algorithms), query effectiveness and robustness against audio distortion.	Integrating heterogeneous reatures for efficient content based music retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Luo Si:Rong Jin	Collaborative filtering and content-based filtering are two types of information filtering techniques. Combining these two techniques can improve the recommendation effectiveness. The main problem with previous research is that the content information and the rating information are not combined in an integrated way. This paper presents a unified probabilistic framework that allows the mutual interaction between these two types of information. Experiments have shown that the new unified filtering algorithm outperforms a pure collaborative filtering approach, a pure content-based filtering approach and another unified filtering algorithm.	Unified filtering by combining collaborative filtering and content-based filtering via mixture model and exponential model	NA:NA	2018
Yiming Ma:Qi Zhong:Sharad Mehrotra:Dawit Yimam Seid	In numerous applications that deal with similarity search, a user may not have an exact idea of his information need and/or may not be able to construct a query that exactly captures his notion of similarity. A promising approach to mitigate this problem is to enable the user to submit a rough approximation of the desired query and use the feedback on the relevance of the retrieved objects to refine the query. In this paper, we explore such a refinement strategy for a general class of SQL similarity queries. Our approach casts the refinement problem as that of learning concepts using examples. This is achieved by viewing the tuples on which a user provides feedback as a labeled training set for a learner. Under this setup, SQL query refinement consists of two learning tasks, namely learning the structure of the SQL query and learning the relative importance of the query components. The paper develops appropriate machine learning approaches suitable for these two learning tasks. The primary contribution of the paper is a general refinement framework that decides when each learner is invoked in order to quickly learn the user query. Experimental analyses over many real life datasets and queries show that our strategy outperforms the existing approaches significantly in terms of retrieval accuracy and query simplicity.	A framework for refining similarity queries using learning techniques	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vasileios Megalooikonomou:Guo Li:Qiang Wang	Efficiently searching for similarities among time series and discovering interesting patterns is an important and non-trivial problem with applications in many domains. The high dimensionality of the data makes the analysis very challenging. To solve this problem, many dimensionality reduction methods have been proposed. PCA (Piecewise Constant Approximation) and its variant have been shown efficient in time series indexing and similarity retrieval. However, in certain applications, too many false alarms introduced by the approximation may reduce the overall performance dramatically. In this paper, we introduce a new piecewise dimensionality reduction technique that is based on Vector Quantization. The new technique, PVQA (Piecewise Vector Quantized Approximation), partitions each sequence into equi-length segments and uses vector quantization to represent each segment by the closest (based on a distance metric) codeword from a codebook of key-sequences. The efficiency of calculations is improved due to the significantly lower dimensionality of the new representation. We demonstrate the utility and efficiency of the proposed technique on real and simulated datasets. By exploiting prior knowledge about the data, the proposed technique generally outperforms PCA and its variants in similarity searches.	A dimensionality reduction technique for efficient similarity analysis of time series databases	NA:NA:NA	2018
Baoping Zhang:Marcos André Gonçalves:Weiguo Fan:Yuxin Chen:Edward A. Fox:Pável Calado:Marco Cristo	This paper discusses how citation-based information and structural content (e.g., title, abstract) can be combined to improve classification of text documents into predefined categories. We evaluate different measures of similarity derived from the citation structure and the structural content of the collection, and determine how they can be fused to improve classification effectiveness. To discover the best fusion framework, we apply Genetic Programming (GP) techniques. Our empirical experiments using documents from the ACM Digital Library and the ACM Computing Classification System show that we can discover similarity functions that work better than using evidence in isolation and whose combined performance through a simple majority voting is comparable to that of Support Vector Machine classifiers.	Combining structural and citation-based evidence for text classification	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ling Ma:Nazli Goharian	NA	Using relevance feedback to detect misuse for information retrieval systems	NA:NA	2018
Jianwen Chen:Yan Zhang	In this paper, we propose an extended logic programming based formalization for a multi-agent system in mobile environments. Such a system consists of a number of agents connected via wire or wireless communication channels. Our formalization is knowledge oriented and has declarative semantics inherited from extended logic programming. This model can be used to study the details of knowledge transaction in mobile environments.	An extended logic programming based multi-agent system formalization in mobile environments	NA:NA	2018
Sreenivas Gollapudi:D. Sivakumar	Mining massive temporal data streams for significant trends, emerging buzz, and unusually high or low activity is an important problem with several commercial applications. In this paper, we propose a framework based on relational records and metric spaces to study such problems. Our framework provides the necessary mathematical underpinnings for this genre of problems, and leads to efficient algorithms in the stream/sort model of massive data sets (where the algorithm makes passes over the data, computes a new stream on the fly, and is allowed to sort the intermediate data). Our algorithm makes novel use of metric approximations in the data stream context, and highlights the role of hierarchical organization of large data sets in designing efficient algorithms in the stream/sort model.	Framework and algorithms for trend analysis in massive temporal data sets	NA:NA	2018
Ke Wang:Yabo Xu:Jeffrey Xu Yu	Biosequences typically have a small alphabet, a long length, and patterns containing gaps (i.e., "don't care") of arbitrary size. Mining frequent patterns in such sequences faces a different type of explosion than in transaction sequences primarily motivated in market-basket analysis. In this paper, we study how this explosion affects the classic sequential pattern mining, and present a scalable two-phase algorithm to deal with this new explosion. The <i>Segment Phase</i> first searches for short patterns containing no gaps, called <i>segments</i>. This phase is efficient. The <i>Pattern Phase</i> searches for long patterns containing multiple segments separated by variable length gaps. This phase is time consuming. The purpose of two phases is to exploit the information obtained from the first phase to speed up the pattern growth and matching and to prune the search space in the second phase. We evaluate this approach on synthetic and real life data sets.	Scalable sequential pattern mining for biological sequences	NA:NA:NA	2018
Qiankun Zhao:Sourav S. Bhowmick:Mukesh Mohania:Yahiko Kambayashi	Recently, a large amount of work has been done in XML data mining. However, we observed that most of the existing works focus on the snapshot XML data, while XML data is dynamic in real applications. To the best of our knowledge, none of the existing works has addressed the issue of mining the history of changes to XML documents. Such mining results can be useful in many applications such as XML change detection, XML indexing, association rule mining, and classification etc. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to discover the <i>frequently changing structures</i> from the sequence of historical <i>structural deltas</i> of unordered XML. To make the structure discovering process efficient, an expressive and compact data model, <b>H</b>istorical-<b>D</b>ocument <b>O</b>bject <b>M</b>odel (<b>H-DOM</b>), is proposed. Using this model, two basic algorithms, which can discover all the <i>frequently changing structures</i> with only two scans of the XML sequence, are presented. Experimental results show that our algorithms, together with the optimization techniques, are efficient and scalable.	Discovering frequently changing structures from historical structural deltas of unordered XML	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bijit Hore:Hakan Hacigumus:Bala Iyer:Sharad Mehrotra	An important class of queries is the LIKE predicate in SQL. In the absence of an index, LIKE queries are subject to performance degradation. The notion of indexing on substrings (or <i>q</i>-grams) has been explored earlier without sufficient consideration of efficiency. <i>q</i>-grams are used to prune away rows that do not qualify for the query. The problem is to identify a finite number of grams subject to storage constraint that gives maximal pruning for a given query workload. Our contributions include: i) a formal problem definition, that produces results within a provable error bound, ii) performance evaluation of the application of the novel method to real data, and iii) parallelization of the algorithm, scaling considerations and a proposal to handle scaling issues.	Indexing text data under space constraints	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qin Lv:Moses Charikar:Kai Li	The recent theoretical advances on compact data structures (also called "sketches") have raised the question of whether they can effectively be applied to content-based image retrieval systems. The main challenge is to derive an algorithm that achieves high-quality similarity searches while using compact metadata. This paper proposes a new similarity search method consisting of three parts. The first is a new region feature representation with weighted $=<i></i><inf>1</inf> distance function, and EMD* match, an improved EMD match, to compute image similarity. The second is a thresholding and transformation algorithm to convert feature vectors into very compact data structures. The third is an EMD embedding based filtering method to speed up the query process. We have implemented a prototype system with the proposed method and performed experiments with a 10,000 image database. Our results show that the proposed method can achieve more effective similarity searches than previous approaches with metadata 3 to 72 times more compact than previous systems. The experiments also show that our EMD embedding based filtering technique can speed up the query process by a factor of 5 or more with little loss in query effectiveness.	Image similarity search with compact data structures	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jayaprakash Pisharath:Alok Choudhary:Mahmut Kandemir	With the tremendous growth of system memories, memory-resident databases are increasingly becoming important in various domains. Newer memories provide a structured way of storing data in multiple chips, with each chip having a bank of memory modules. Current memory-resident databases are yet to take full advantage of the banked storage system, which offers a lot of room for performance and energy optimizations. In this paper, we identify the implications of a banked memory environment in supporting memory-resident databases, and propose hardware (memory-directed) and software (query-directed) schemes to reduce the energy consumption of queries executed on these databases. Our results show that high-level query-directed schemes (hosted in the query optimizer) better utilize the low-power modes in reducing the energy consumption than the respective hardware schemes (hosted in the memory controller), due to their complete knowledge of query access patterns. We extend this further and propose a query restructuring scheme and a multi-query optimization. Queries are restructured and regrouped based on their table access patterns to maximize the likelihood that data accesses are clustered. This helps increase the inter-access idle times of memory modules, which in turn enables a more effective control of their energy behavior. This heuristic is eventually integrated with our hardware optimizations to achieve maximum savings. Our experimental results show that the memory energy reduces by 90% if query restructuring method is applied along with basic energy optimizations over the unoptimized version. The system-wide performance impact of each scheme is also studied simultaneously.	Energy management schemes for memory-resident database systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bin Liu:Elke A. Rundensteiner:David Finkel	Materialized views defined over distributed data sources are a well recognized technology for modern applications. State-of the-art incremental view maintenance requires O(<i>n</i><sup>2</sup>) or more maintenance queries to remote data sources with <i>n</i> being the number of data sources in the view definition. In this poster, we illustrate basic ideas of novel view maintenance strategies that dramatically reduce the number of maintenance queries. Such reduction brings the tradeoff between the number of maintenance queries and the complexity of each query. These algorithms have been implemented in a working prototype system. Experimental studies illustrate major performance improvement in terms of total processing time compared with existing batch algorithms.	Restructuring batch view maintenance efficiently	NA:NA:NA	2018
A. Kumaran:Jayant R. Haritsa	NA	On semantic matching of multilingual attributes in relational systems	NA:NA	2018
Weiyun Huang:Edward Omiecinski:Leo Mark	Stream data analysis differs significantly from traditional data processing. To process the data online the algorithm has to work in one pass, incorporating new data into a model maintained in main memory. Storing a model or synopsis of processed data in the memory, which we call "data compression", is an important technique in both incremental and differential stream mining. This paper proposes several data compression schemes in one-pass categorical data clustering, and demonstrates their performance on synthetic and real data. Our compression schemes can efficiently generate compact representations of original data, so as to enable the algorithm to process streams at high speed and detect the changes in underlying data. The example algorithm based on these compression schemes achieves good accuracy in short execution time.	Compression schemes for differential categorical stream clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Qinghua Zou:Shaorong Liu:Wesley W. Chu	Indexing XML is crucial for efficient XML query processing. We propose a compact tree (Ctree) for XML indexing, which provides not only concise path summaries at group level but also detailed child-parent relationships at element level. Based on Ctree, we are able to measure how well XML data is structured. We also propose a three-step query processing method. Its efficiency is achieved by: (1) summarizing large XML data structures into a condensed Ctree; (2) pruning irrelevant groups to significantly reduce the search space; (3) eliminating join operations between the matches for value predicates and those for structure constraints and (4) using Ctree properties such as regular groups to reduce query processing time. Our experiments reveal that Ctree is an effective data structure for managing XML data.	Using a compact tree to index and query XML data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Steve Cronen-Townsend:Yun Zhou:W. Bruce Croft	Query expansion is a well-known technique that has been shown to improve <i>average</i> retrieval performance. This technique has not been used in many operational systems because of the fact that it can greatly degrade the performance of some individual queries. We show how comparison between language models of the unexpanded and expanded retrieval results can be used to predict when the expanded retrieval has strayed from the original sense of the query. In these cases, the unexpanded results are used while the expanded results are used in the remaining cases (where such straying is not detected). We evaluate this method on a wide variety of TREC collections.	A framework for selective query expansion	NA:NA:NA	2018
Devanand Ravindran:Susan Gauch	As the number of available Web pages grows, users experience increasing difficulty finding documents relevant to their interests. One of the underlying reasons for this is that most search engines find matches based on keywords, regardless of their meanings. To provide the user with more useful information, we need a system that disambiguates queries by including information about the user's conceptual framework. This is the goal of KeyConcept, a conceptual search engine. During indexing, KeyConcept automatically classifies documents into concepts selected from a reference concept hierarchy. During retrieval, KeyConcept ranks documents based on a combination of keyword and conceptual similarity. This paper describes the system architecture and discusses the results of experiments that evaluate the effect of exploiting the hierarchical relationships between concepts during retrieval. Our results confirm that conceptual match significantly improves the precision of the search results over keyword match alone. In addition, the use of the concept hierarchy to prune irrelevant search results also significantly increases precision.	Exploiting hierarchical relationships in conceptual search	NA:NA	2018
Gui-Rong Xue:Hua-Jun Zeng:Zheng Chen:Yong Yu:Wei-Ying Ma:WenSi Xi:Edward Fox	We introduce the Multiple Relationship Similarity Spreading Algorithm (MRSSA) to enhance IR effectiveness. This method has similarity computed in an iterative "spreading" fashion for multiple object types, combining both inter- and intra-object relationships. We demonstrate the value of this approach in the context of the WWW, where the key objects are web pages and queries, Relationships considered are derived from hyperlinks (in- and out-links) and click-through logs.	MRSSA: an iterative algorithm for similarity spreading over interrelated objects	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xuanhui Wang:Dou Shen:Hua-Jun Zeng:Zheng Chen:Wei-Ying Ma	Traditional Web page clustering algorithms use the full-text in the documents to generate feature vectors. Such methods often produce unsatisfactory results because there is much noisy information, such as decoration, interaction, and advertisement, in Web pages. The varying-length problem of the Web pages is also a significant negative factor affecting the performance. In this paper, we investigate the use of several summarization techniques to tackle these issues when clustering Web pages. Compared with the full-text representation of the Web pages, our experimental results indicate that our proposed approach effectively solves the problems of noisy information and varying-length, and thus significantly boosts the clustering performance.	Web page clustering enhanced by summarization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Savitha Srinivasan:Arnon Amir:Prasad Deshpande:Vladimir Zbarsky	The daily use of Internet-based services is involved with hundreds of different tasks being performed by multiple users. A single task is typically involved with a sequence of Web URLs invocation. We study the problem of pattern detection in Web logs to identify tasks performed by users, and analyze task trends over time using a grammar-based framework. Our results are demonstrated on a corporate Intranet portal application with 7000 users over a 6 week period and demonstrate compelling business value from this high-level task analysis.	Grammar-based task analysis of web logs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ying Zhao:George Karypis	Recently published studies have shown that partitional clustering algorithms that optimize certain criterion functions, which measure key aspects of inter- and intra-cluster similarity, are very effective in producing hard clustering solutions for document datasets and outperform traditional partitional and agglomerative algorithms. In this paper we study the extent to which these criterion functions can be modified to include soft membership functions and whether or not the resulting soft clustering algorithms can further improve the clustering solutions. Specifically, we focus on four of these hard criterion functions, derive their soft-clustering extensions, and present an experimental evaluation involving twelve different datasets. Our results show that introducing softness into the criterion functions tends to lead to better clustering results for most datasets.	Soft clustering criterion functions for partitional document clustering: a summary of results	NA:NA	2018
Junji Tomita:Hidekazu Nakawatase:Megumi Ishii	Knowledge discovery from a large volumes of texts usually requires many complex analysis steps. The graph-based text representation model has been proposed to simplify the steps. The model represents texts in a formal manner, Subject Graphs, and provides text handling operations whose inputs and outputs are identical in form, i.e. a set of subject graphs, so they can be combined in any order. A subject graph uses node weight to represent the significance of each term, and link weight to represent that of each term-term association. This paper concentrates on the algorithms for making subject graphs and calculating the similarity between them. An evaluation shows that Subject Graphs can calculate the similarity between texts more precisely than term vectors, since they incorporate the significance of association between terms.	Calculating similarity between texts using graph-based text representation model	NA:NA:NA	2018
Isidore Rigoutsos	Systems biology is a field which focuses on the interpretation of large, diverse sets of biological measurements in order to elucidate the complex mechanisms that underly important and (seemingly simple) macroscopic phenotypes. The problem at hand is hierarchical in nature, with the hierarchy spanning many levels. Each of these levels can be thought of as comprising multiple active agents that are diverse in their nature (e.g. genes, proteins, pathways, organelles, etc) and also in their behavior. It is within this setting that one seeks to build an integrated view of the system under study, as soon as the relevant units and the complex inter- and intra-level relationships in which these units participate have been characterized. Implicit in the above outline are the assumptions that a) a complete and presumably correct list of parts exists for the system that is being studied; and, b) most, if not all, of the relevant relationships involving these parts are available. Through the research work of my group and of others, there is increasing evidence that the situation is likely to be more complicated than initially estimated, and that one should be watchful when it comes to making or relying on the above two assumptions. In fact, more surprising and currently undiscovered things may be lurking in the ?genomics? box: support for this possibility will be provided through the brief summaries of recent advances that we have made in diverse areas such as association discovery, gene discovery, horizontal gene transfer and RNA interference. Throughout this quest, repositories of biological information will continue to remain our guiding light, whereas time-honored computational methods will continue to be the mainstay of our arsenal.	Of parts and relationships: an unending quest	NA	2018
Dmitriy Fradkin:Paul Kantor	In this paper we suggest a new approach to analysis and design of IR systems. We argue for design space exploration in constructing IR systems and in analyzing the effects of individual modules and parameters. We present results of experiments with parametric interpolation, or "homotopy", between two systems, and show, incidentally, that the best results are not achieved at the endpoints, and may lie outside the bounding hypercube defined by our choice of parameterization. Three distinct classes of interpolation are introduced to deal with the complexities of the specific example.	A design space approach to analysis of information retrieval adaptive filtering systems	NA:NA	2018
Thomas R. Lynam:Chris Buckley:Charles L. A. Clarke:Gordon V. Cormack	Experiments were conducted to explore the impact of combining various components of eight leading information retrieval systems. Each system demonstrated improved effectiveness with the use of <i>blind feedback</i>, in which the results of a preliminary retrieval step were used to augment the efficacy of a secondary retrieval step. The hybrid combination of primary and secondary retrieval steps from different systems in a number of cases yielded better effectiveness than either of the constituent systems alone. This positive combining effect was observed when entire documents were passed between the two retrieval steps, but not when only the expansion terms were passed. Several combinations of primary and secondary retrieval steps were fused using the CombMNZ algorithm; all yielded significant effectiveness improvement over the individual systems, with the best yielding a an improvement of 13% (<i>p</i> = 10<sup>-6</sup>) over the best individual system and an improvement of 4% (<i>p</i> = 10<sup>-5</sup>) over a simple fusion of the eight systems.	A multi-system analysis of document and term selection for blind feedback	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Razvan Stefan Bot:Yi-fang Brook Wu	In this paper we present a document representation improvement technique, named the Relevance Feedback Accumulation (RFA) algorithm. Using prior relevance feedback assessments and a data mining measure called "support", the algorithm's learning function gradually improves document representations, over time and across users. Results show that the modified document representations yield lower dimensionality while improving retrieval effectiveness. The algorithm is efficient and scalable, suited for retrieval systems managing large document collections.	Improving document representations using relevance feedback: the RFA algorithm	NA:NA	2018
Dongmei Ren:Imad Rahal:William Perrizo:Kirk Scott	"One person's noise is another person's signal". Outlier detection is used to clean up datasets and also to discover useful anomalies, such as criminal activities in electronic commerce, computer intrusion attacks, terrorist threats, agricultural pest infestations, etc. Thus, outlier detection is critically important in the information-based society. This paper focuses on finding outliers in large datasets using distance-based methods. First, to speedup outlier detections, we revise Knorr and Ng's distance-based outlier definition; second, a vertical data structure, instead of traditional horizontal structures, is adopted to facilitate efficient outlier detection further. We tested our methods against national hockey league dataset and show an order of magnitude of speed improvement compared to the contemporary distance-based outlier detection approaches.	A vertical distance-based outlier detection method with local pruning	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Keke Chen:Ling Liu	With the rapid increase of data in many areas, clustering on large datasets has become an important problem in data analysis. Since cluster analysis is a highly iterative process, cluster analysis on large datasets prefers short iteration on a relatively small representative set. Thus, a two-phase framework "sampling/summarization - iterative cluster analysis" is often applied in practice. Since the clustering result only labels the small representative set, there are problems with extending the result to the entire large dataset, which are almost ignored by the traditional clustering research. This extending is often named as labeling process. Labeling irregular shaped clusters, distinguishing outliers and extending cluster boundary are the main problems in this stage. We address these problems and propose a visualization-based approach to dealing with them precisely. This approach partially involves human into the process of defining and refining the structure "ClusterMap". Based on this structure, the ClusterMap algorithm scans the large dataset to adapt the boundary extension and generate the cluster labels for the entire dataset. Experimental result shows that ClusterMap can preserve cluster quality considerably with low computational cost, compared to the distance-comparison-based labeling algorithms.	ClusterMap: labeling clusters in large datasets via visualization	NA:NA	2018
Tao Li:Mitsunori Ogihara:Sheng Ma	Many problems can be reduced to the problem of combining multiple clusterings. In this paper, we first summarize different application scenarios of combining multiple clusterings and provide a new perspective of viewing the problem as a categorical clustering problem. We then show the connections between various consensus and clustering criteria and discuss the complexity results of the problem. Finally we propose a new method to determine the final clustering. Experiments on kinship terms and clustering popular music from heterogeneous feature sets show the effectiveness of combining multiple clusterings.	On combining multiple clusterings	NA:NA:NA	2018
Farnoush Banaei-Kashani:Cyrus Shahabi	Peer-to-peer Data Networks (PDNs) are large-scale, self-organizing, distributed query processing systems. Familiar examples of PDN are peer-to-peer file-sharing networks, which support exact-match search queries to locate user-requested files. In this paper, we formalize the more general problem of <i>similarity-search</i> in PDNs, and propose a <i>family</i> of distributed access methods, termed <i>Small-World Access Methods (SWAM)</i>, for efficient execution of various similarity-search queries, namely exact-match, range, and k-nearest-neighbor queries. Unlike its predecessors, i.e., LH* and DHTs, SWAM does not control the assignment of data objects to PDN nodes; each node autonomously stores its own data. Besides, SWAM supports all similarity-search queries on multiple attributes. SWAM guarantees that the query object will be found (if it exists in the network) in average time logarithmically proportional to the network size. Moreover, once the query object is found, all the similar objects would be in its proximate network neighborhood and hence enabling efficient range and k-nearest-neighbor queries. As a specific instance of SWAM, we propose <i>SWAM-V</i>, a Voronoi-based SWAM that indexes PDNs with multi-attribute data objects. For a PDN with <i>N</i> nodes SWAM-V has query time, communication cost, and computation cost of <i>O</i>(log <i>N</i>) for exact-match queries, and <i>O</i>(log <i>N</i> + <b>s</b><i>N</i>) and <i>O</i>(log <i>N</i> + <b>k</b>) for range queries (with selectivity <b>s</b>) and <b>k</b>NN queries, respectively. Our experiments show that SWAM-V consistently outperforms a similarity-search enabled version of CAN in query time and communication cost by a factor of 2 to 3.	SWAM: a family of access methods for similarity-search in peer-to-peer data networks	NA:NA	2018
Qiang Jing:Rui Yang:Panos Kalnis:Anthony K. H. Tung	Recently, techniques for supporting efficient similarity search over huge transaction datasets have emerged as an important research area. Several indexing schemes have been proposed towards this direction. Typically, these schemes provide a tradeoff between searching efficiency and indexing overhead in terms of space. In this paper, we propose a novel indexing scheme for similarity search on transaction data. Based on well-studied clustering techniques, we develop a construction algorithm for the proposed index and a branch-and-bound searching strategy for answering similarity search. Unlike previous techniques, our indexing scheme exhibits high search efficiency and low space requirements by trading-off the pre-computation time. This behavior is ideal for applications with low update but high read volume <i>e.g.</i>, data warehousing, collaborative filtering, <i>etc.</i>). Moreover, our experimental results illustrate that our method is robust to the varying characteristics of the datasets.	Localized signature table: fast similarity search on transaction data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi Wu:Edward Y. Chang	Sequence-data mining plays a key role in many scientific studies and real-world applications such as bioinformatics, data stream, and sensor networks, where sequence data are processed and their semantics interpreted. In this paper we address two relevant issues: sequence-data representation, and representation-to-semantics mapping. For representation, since the best one is dependent upon the application being used and even the type of query, we propose representing sequence data in multiple views. For each representation, we propose methods to construct a <i>valid kernel</i> as the distance function to measure <i>similarity</i> between sequences. For mapping, we then find the best combination of the individual distance functions, which measure similarity of different views, to depict the target semantics. We propose a <i>super-kernel function-fusion</i> scheme to achieve the optimal mapping. Through theoretical analysis and empirical studies on UCI and real world datasets, we show our approach of multi-view representation and fusion to be mathematically valid and very effective for practical purposes.	Distance-function design and fusion for sequence data	NA:NA	2018
Ning Liu:Benyu Zhang:Jun Yan:Qiang Yang:Shuicheng Yan:Zheng Chen:Fengshan Bai:Wei-Ying Ma	Many machine learning and data mining algorithms crucially rely on the similarity metrics. The Cosine similarity, which calculates the inner product of two normalized feature vectors, is one of the most commonly used similarity measures. However, in many practical tasks such as text categorization and document clustering, the Cosine similarity is calculated under the assumption that the input space is an orthogonal space which usually could not be satisfied due to <i>synonymy</i> and <i>polysemy</i>. Various algorithms such as Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI) were used to solve this problem by projecting the original data into an orthogonal space. However LSI also suffered from the high computational cost and data sparseness. These shortcomings led to increases in computation time and storage requirements for large scale realistic data. In this paper, we propose a novel and effective similarity metric in the non-orthogonal input space. The basic idea of our proposed metric is that the similarity of features should affect the similarity of objects, and vice versa. A novel iterative algorithm for computing non-orthogonal space similarity measures is then proposed. Experimental results on a synthetic data set, a real MSN search click-thru logs, and 20NG dataset show that our algorithm outperforms the traditional Cosine similarity and is superior to LSI.	Learning similarity measures in non-orthogonal space	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gang Wang:Frederick H. Lochovsky	Feature selection is an important component of text categorization. This technique can both increase a classifier's computation speed, and reduce the overfitting problem. Several feature selection methods, such as information gain and mutual information, have been widely used. Although they greatly improve the classifier's performance, they have a common drawback, which is that they do not consider the mutual relationships among the features. In this situation, where one feature's predictive power is weakened by others, and where the selected features tend to bias towards major categories, such selection methods are not very effective. In this paper, we propose a novel feature selection method for text categorization called <i>conditional mutual information maximin</i> (CMIM). It can select a set of individually discriminating and weakly dependent features. The experimental results show that CMIM can perform much better than traditional feature selection methods.	Feature selection with conditional mutual information maximin in text categorization	NA:NA	2018
Feng Kang:Rong Jin:Joyce Y. Chai	The goal of automatic image annotation is to automatically generate annotations for images to describe their content. In the past, statistical machine translation models have been successfully applied to automatic image annotation task [8]. It views the process of annotating images as a process of translating the content from a 'visual language' to textual words. One problem with the existing translation models is that common words are usually associated with too many different image regions. As a result, uncommon words have little chance to be used for annotating images. Uncommon words are important for automatic image annotation because they are often used in the queries. In this paper, we propose two modified translation models for automatic image annotation, namely the normalized translation model and the regularized translation model, that specifically address the problem of common annotated words. The basic idea is to raise the number of blobs that are associated with uncommon words. The normalized translation model realizes this by scaling translation probabilities of different words with different factors. The same goal is achieved in the regularized translation model through the introduction of a special Dirichlet prior. Empirical study with the Corel dataset has shown that both two modified translation models outperform the original translation model and several existing approaches for automatic image annotation substantially.	Regularizing translation models for better automatic image annotation	NA:NA:NA	2018
D. Calvin Andrus:David Bernholz:James Scoggins:Erik Thomsen	This forum will host a discussion among the panelists - and with the audience - on key trends in information technology, as well as on industry and government problems in search of technology solutions. The panel will focus on the core problems inherent in integrating structured and unstructured textual information, moving from application-centric to user-centric software, and merging knowledge management with data management.	Key problems in integrating structured and unstructured information	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Benjamin Piwowarski:Mounia Lalmas	Comparing retrieval approaches requires test collections, which consist of documents, queries and relevance assessments. Obtaining consistent and exhaustive relevance assessments is crucial for the appropriate comparison of retrieval approaches. Whereas the evaluation methodology for flat text retrieval approaches is well established, the evaluation of XML retrieval approaches is a research issue. This is because XML documents are composed of nested components that cannot be considered independent in terms of relevance. This paper describes the methodology adopted in INEX (the INitiative for the Evaluation of XML Retrieval) to ensure consistent and exhaustive relevance assessments.	Providing consistent and exhaustive relevance assessments for XML retrieval evaluation	NA:NA	2018
Börkur Sigurbjörnsson:Jaap Kamps:Maarten de Rijke	Document-centric XML collections contain text-rich documents, marked up with XML tags that add lightweight semantics to the text. Querying such collections calls for a hybrid query language: the text-rich nature of the documents suggests a content-oriented (IR) approach, while the mark-up allows users to add structural constraints to their IR queries. Hybrid queries tend to be more expressive, which should lead---in principle---to better retrieval performance. In practice, the processing of these hybrid queries within an IR systems turns out to be far from trivial, because a delicate balance between structural and content information needs to be sought. We propose an approach to processing such hybrid content-and-structure queries that decomposes a query into multiple content-only queries whose results are then combined in ways determined by the structural constraints of the original query. We evaluate our methods using the INEX 2003 test-suite, and show (1) that effective ways of processing of content-oriented XPath queries are non-trivial, (2) that there are differences in the effectiveness for different topics types, but (3) that with appropriate processing methods retrieval effectiveness can improve.	Processing content-oriented XPath queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yen-Yu Chen:Qingqing Gan:Torsten Suel	The Google search engine uses a method called PageRank, together with term-based and other ranking techniques, to order search results returned to the user. PageRank uses link analysis to assign a global importance score to each web page. The PageRank scores of all the pages are usually determined off-line in a large-scale computation on the entire hyperlink graph of the web, and several recent studies have focused on improving the efficiency of this computation, which may require multiple hours on a workstation. However, in some scenarios, such as online analysis of link evolution and mining of large web archives such as the Internet Archive, it may be desirable to quickly approximate or update the PageRanks of individual nodes without performing a large-scale computation on the entire graph. We address this problem by studying several methods for efficiently estimating the PageRank score of a particular web page using only a small subgraph of the entire web. In our model, we assume that the graph is accessible remotely via a link database (such as the AltaVista Connectivity Server) or is stored in a relational database that performs lookups on disks to retrieve node and connectivity information. We show that a reasonable estimate of the PageRank value of a node is possible in most cases by retrieving only a moderate number of nodes in the local neighborhood of the node.	Local methods for estimating pagerank values	NA:NA:NA	2018
Miles Efron	This paper introduces a simple method for estimating <i>cultural orientation</i>, the affiliation of online entities in a polarized field of discourse. In particular, cocitation information is used to estimate the political orientation of hypertext documents. A type of cultural orientation, the political orientation of a document is the degree to which it participates in traditionally left- or right-wing beliefs. Estimating documents' political orientation is of interest for personalized information retrieval and recommender systems. In its application to politics, the method uses a simple probabilistic model to estimate the strength of association between a document and left- and right-wing communities. The model estimates the likelihood of cocitation between a document of interest and a small number of documents of known orientation. The model is tested on three sets of data, 695 partisan web documents, 162 political weblogs, and 72 non-partisan documents. Accuracy above 90% is obtained from the cocitation model, outperforming lexically based classifiers at statistically significant levels.	The liberal media and right-wing conspiracies: using cocitation information to estimate political orientation in web documents	NA	2018
Toru Takaki:Atsushi Fujii:Tetsuya Ishikawa	We propose an associative document retrieval method, in which a document is used as a query to search for other similar documents. Because a long document usually includes more than one topic, we first analyze a query document to extract multiple subtopics. For each subtopic element, a sub-query is produced and similar documents are retrieved with a relevance score. The relevance scores are weighted by the importance of each subtopic element and are integrated to determine the final relevant documents. In the calculation of the subtopic importance, the specificity of a query term is evaluated using entropy, which is the deviation degree of the appearances of the term in each subtopic element. We apply this method to an invalidity patent search. By exploiting certain unique features of Japanese patent claims, we use features distinguishing the preamble and the essential portion in a query patent claim. To demonstrate the effectiveness of our method, we experimentally evaluated our associative document retrieval method on five years of patent documents.	Associative document retrieval by query subtopic analysis and its application to invalidity patent search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Cai-Nicolas Ziegler:Georg Lausen:Lars Schmidt-Thieme	Recommender systems have been subject to an enormous rise in popularity and research interest over the last ten years. At the same time, very large taxonomies for product classification are becoming increasingly prominent among e-commerce systems for diverse domains, rendering detailed machine-readable content descriptions feasible. Amazon.com makes use of an entire plethora of hand-crafted taxonomies classifying books, movies, apparel, and various other goods. We exploit such taxonomic background knowledge for the computation of personalized recommendations. Hereby, relationships between super-concepts and sub-concepts constitute an important cornerstone of our novel approach, providing powerful inference opportunities for profile generation based upon the classification of products that customers have chosen. Ample empirical analysis, both offline and online, demonstrates our proposal's superiority over common existing approaches when user information is sparse and implicit ratings prevail.	Taxonomy-driven computation of product recommendations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Patrick Hayes	The Semantic Web (SWeb) is a vision - actually, a number of visions - which is beginning to show some signs of potential reality. The core of the vision is a synergy between machine-accessible knowledge and the global reach of the Web. The deployment of knowledge technologies on a planet-wide open network brings new challenges and opportunities, many of them not yet fully realized. This talk briefly surveys the current state of play in SWeb standards and technology, including some of the rather heated controversies, and tries to give a high-level view of some of these challenges and opportunities. Some traditional hard problems in KM may largely evaporate; but new ones will take their place.	The semantic web: managing knowledge for planet earth	NA	2018
Jan Chomicki:Jerzy Marcinkowski:Slawomir Staworko	A consistent query answer in a possibly inconsistent database is an answer which is true in every (minimal) repair of the database. We present here a practical framework for computing consistent query answers for large, possibly inconsistent relational databases. We consider relational algebra queries without projection, and denial constraints. Because our framework handles union queries, we can effectively (and efficiently) extract indefinite disjunctive information from an inconsistent database. We describe a number of novel optimization techniques applicable in this context and summarize experimental results that validate our approach.	Computing consistent query answers using conflict hypergraphs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bugra Gedik:Kun-Lung Wu:Philip Yu:Ling Liu	This paper describes a <i>motion adaptive</i> indexing scheme for efficient evaluation of moving continual queries (MCQs) over moving objects. It uses the concept of <i>motion-sensitive bounding boxes</i> (<i>MSB</i>s) to model moving objects and moving queries. These bounding boxes automatically adapt their sizes to the dynamic motion behaviors of individual objects. Instead of indexing frequently changing object positions, we index less frequently changing object and query <i>MSB</i>s, where updates to the bounding boxes are needed only when objects and queries move across the boundaries of their boxes. This helps decrease the number of updates to the indexes. More importantly, we use <i>predictive query results</i> to optimistically precalculate query results, decreasing the number of searches on the indexes. Motion-sensitive bounding boxes are used to incrementally update the predictive query results. Our experiments show that the proposed motion adaptive indexing scheme is efficient for the evaluation of moving continual range queries.	Motion adaptive indexing for moving continual queries over moving objects	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Parvathi Chundi:Daniel J. Rosenkrantz	Constructing time decompositions of time stamped documents is an important first step in extracting temporal information from a document set. Efficient algorithms are described for computing optimal lossy decompositions for a given document set, where the loss of information is constrained to be within a specified bound. A novel and efficient algorithm is proposed for computing information loss values required to construct optimal lossy decompositions. Experimental results are reported comparing optimal lossy decompositions and equal length decompositions in terms of a number of parameters such as information loss. In particular, our results show that optimal lossy decompositions outperform equal length decompositions by preserving more of the information content of the underlying document set. The results also demonstrate that permitting even small amounts of variability in the length of the subintervals of a decomposition results in capturing more of the temporal information content of a document set when compared to equal length decompositions. This paper builds upon our earlier work on time decompositions where the problem of computing optimal lossy decomposition of the time period associated with a document set was first formulated.	On lossy time decompositions of time stamped documents	NA:NA	2018
Ramesh Nallapati:Ao Feng:Fuchun Peng:James Allan	With the overwhelming volume of online news available today, there is an increasing need for automatic techniques to analyze and present news to the user in a meaningful and efficient manner. Previous research focused only on organizing news stories by their topics into a flat hierarchy. We believe viewing a news topic as a flat collection of stories is too restrictive and inefficient for a user to understand the topic quickly.  In this work, we attempt to capture the rich structure of events and their dependencies in a news topic through our event models. We call the process of recognizing events and their dependencies <i>event threading</i>. We believe our perspective of modeling the structure of a topic is more effective in capturing its semantics than a flat list of on-topic stories. We formally define the novel problem, suggest evaluation metrics and present a few techniques for solving the problem. Besides the standard word based features, our approaches take into account novel features such as temporal locality of stories for event recognition and time-ordering for capturing dependencies. Our experiments on a manually labeled data sets show that our models effectively identify the events and capture dependencies among them.	Event threading within news topics	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Charles L. A. Clarke:Egidio L. Terra	We examine the problem of retrieving the top-<i>m</i> ranked items from a large collection, randomly distributed across an <i>n</i>-node system. In order to retrieve the top <i>m</i> overall, we must retrieve the top <i>m</i> from the subcollection stored on each node and merge the results. However, if we are willing to accept a small probability that one or more of the top-<i>m</i> items may be missed, it is possible to reduce computation time by retrieving only the top <i>k < m</i> from each node. In this paper, we demonstrate that this simple observation can be exploited in a realistic application to produce a substantial efficiency improvement without compromising the quality of the retrieved results. To support our claim, we present a statistical model that predicts the impact of the optimization. The paper is structured around a specific application~---~passage retrieval for question answering~---~but the primary results are more broadly applicable.	Approximating the top-m passages in a parallel question answering system	NA:NA	2018
Ana Maguitman:David Leake:Thomas Reichherzer:Filippo Menczer	Effective knowledge management may require going beyond initial knowledge capture, to support decisions about how to extend previously-captured knowledge. Electronic <i>concept maps,</i> interlinked with other concept maps and multimedia resources, can provide rich <i>knowledge models</i> for human knowledge capture and sharing. This paper presents research on methods for supporting experts as they extend these knowledge models, by searching the Web for new context-relevant topics as candidates for inclusion. This topic search problem presents two challenges: First, how to formulate queries to seek topics that reflect the context of the current knowledge model, and, second, how to identify candidate topics with the right balance of novelty and relevance. More generally, this problem raises the broad question of the interaction of topic information from the local analysis space (a collected set of documents) and the global search space (the Web). The paper develops a framework for understanding this interaction, and proposes and evaluates techniques for addressing the query formation and topic identification questions by dynamically extracting topic descriptors and discriminators from a knowledge model, to characterize information needs for retrieval and filtering of relevant material. Using these techniques, we have developed a support tool that starts from a knowledge model under construction and automatically produces a set of suggestions for topics to include, proactively supporting users as they extend knowledge models.	Dynamic extraction topic descriptors and discriminators: towards automatic context-based topic search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anoop Singhal	This paper describes the architecture and design of a data warehouse for AT&T Business Services. The main purpose of our system is to generate reports about the performance and reliability of the network. We describe the architecture of our system and discuss some open research problems in this area.	Design of a data warehouse system for network/web services	NA	2018
Li Zhang:ShiXia Liu:Yue Pan:LiPing Yang	In this paper we study the problem of collecting training samples for building enterprise taxonomies. We develop a computer-aided tool named InfoAnalyzer, which can effectively assist the enterprise to prepare large set of samples used for machine learning in text categorization. In our system, the enterprise category tree is initially defined by some keywords, then the Google search engine is used to construct a small set of labeled documents, and topic tracking algorithm based on document length normalization is applied to enlarge the training corpus on the bases of the seed stories. Furthermore, we design a method to check the consistency of the training corpus. Experiments show that the training corpus is good enough for statistical classification methods and meets human's requirements as well.	InfoAnalyzer: a computer-aided tool for building enterprise taxonomies	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Li Ma:Zhong Su:Yue Pan:Li Zhang:Tao Liu	Modern corporations operate in an extremely complex environment and strongly depend on all kinds of information resources across the enterprise. Unfortunately, with the growth of an enterprise, its information resources are not only heterogeneous but also distributed in physically different systems and databases. How to effectively exploit information across the enterprise is becoming a critical but hard problem. In recent years, metadata which is the detailed description of the data is used to efficiently exploit information resources in the web. The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) recommends the resource description framework (RDF) as a standard for the definition and use of metadata descriptions of resources in the web. In this paper, we present an RDF storage and query system called RStar for enterprise resource management. RStar uses a relational database as the persistent data store and defines RStar Query Language (RSQL) for resource retrieval. Currently, most of existing RDF storage and query systems are evaluated on small data sets and no detailed performance analysis is given for such systems. Therefore, we conduct extensive experiments on a large scale data set to investigate the performance problem in RDF storage. Such analysis will be helpful for designing RDF storage and query systems as well as for understanding not well-solved issues in RDF based enterprise resource management. In addition, experiences and lessons learned in our implementation are presented for further research and development.	RStar: an RDF storage and query system for enterprise resource management	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Frederick Knabe:Daniel Tunkelang	Endeca's approach to processing search queries in a distributed computing environment is predicated on concerns of correctness, scalability, and flexibility in deployment. Using a master-slave architecture, we are able to support classic search as well as more advanced features. We avoid bottlenecking the master with excessive computation or communication by limiting the information from the slaves in the expected case.	Processing search queries in a distributed environment	NA:NA	2018
Alan Clark:Dimitar Filev	NA	Intelligent agent for automated manufacturing rule generation	NA:NA	2018
Zheng-Yu Niu:Dong-Hong Ji:Chew-Lim Tan	This paper presents a cluster validation based document clustering algorithm, which is capable of identifying both important feature words and true model order (cluster number). Important feature subset is selected by optimizing a cluster validity criterion subject to some constraint. For achieving model order identification capability, this feature selection procedure is conducted for each possible value of cluster number. The feature subset and cluster number which maximize the cluster validity criterion are chosen as our answer. We have applied our algorithm to several datasets from 20Newsgroup corpus. Experimental results show that our algorithm can find important feature subset, estimate the model order and yield higher micro-averaged precision than other four document clustering algorithms which require cluster number to be provided.	Document clustering based on cluster validation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Makoto Sano:David A. Evans	We conducted a survey of thirty of the approximately 1,700 customers of Justsystem Corporation's knowledge-management applications. Our goal was to discover the kinds of functions that customers hoped to address in their next-generation use of knowledge management technology and to assess the core processes that we will need to deploy in our products to address their desired solutions. In particular, we sought to analyze our customers' requirements along dimensions that take account of both the context of use of the application and its stage in the cycle of knowledge creation and use. As part of our analysis, we were able to classify all customer cases as focused by one or more of three Goals, supported by one or more of eleven technology Means. To establish appropriate categories of use, we exploited the stages of the <i>SECI Model</i>, several other transactional categories of knowledge use, and whether activities were targeted at internal or external users. Through the analysis, we found the typical technology components (Means) for each stage of knowledge creation and use associated with each set of goals. We consider such analysis essential to the task of designing next-generation knowledge-management applications and critical to overcoming the unfortunate tendency of developers to devise solutions that bear little relation to the true needs of users.	Circumstance-based categorization analysis of knowledge management systems for the japanese market	NA:NA	2018
Ralf Duckstein:Klemens Böhm	A part of the biosystematics literature is currently being digitized and manually marked up with XML. Fast search on such documents shall be feasible. But marking up such documents incurs high costs, and biologists would like to know the value of such an activity in advance. Deploying standard XML database technology in a straightforward way is not feasible, because of two characteristics of biosystematics documents. The first one is that descriptions of taxa are related, i.e., a more specific taxon should inherit from a more general one. The combination of inheritance with information-retrieval mechanisms gives rise to difficulties addressed in this article. The second issue is the frequent occurrence of very specific technical terms in such documents, i.e., geographical information or biological terms. To investigate the characteristics of the search in the presence of such difficulties, we have designed and implemented a respective system, based on relational database technology. We use a collection of XML documents that mimics the characteristics of biosystematics documents, as we will explain. We propose two query-evaluation alternatives and compare them by means of performance experiments. It turns out that our techniques can administer the envisioned corpus of documents efficiently and cope with those problems at the same time.	Database support for species extraction from the biosystematics literature: a feasibility demonstration	NA:NA	2018
Beverly Yang:Marcus Fontoura:Eugene Shekita:Sridhar Rajagopalan:Kevin Beyer	Structural joins are a fundamental operation in XML query processing and a large body of work has focused on index-based algorithms for executing them. In this paper, we describe how two well-known index features -- path indices and ancestor information -- can be combined in a novel way to replace one or more of the physical index cursors in a structural join with <i>virtual cursors</i>. The position of a virtual cursor is derived from the path and ancestor information of a physical cursor. Implementation results are provided to show that, by eliminating index I/O, virtual cursors can improve the performance of structural joins by an order of magnitude or more.	Virtual cursors for XML joins	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiaheng Lu:Ting Chen:Tok Wang Ling	With the growing importance of semi-structure data in information exchange, much research has been done to provide an effective mechanism to match a twig query in an XML database. A number of algorithms have been proposed recently to process a twig query holistically. Those algorithms are quite efficient for quires with only ancestor-descendant edges. But for queries with mixed ancestor-descendant and parent-child edges, the previous approaches still may produce large intermediate results, even when the input and output size are more manageable. To overcome this limitation, in this paper, we propose a novel holistic twig join algorithm, namely <i>TwigStackList</i>. Our main technique is to look-ahead read some elements in input data steams and cache limited number of them to <i>lists</i> in the main memory. The number of elements in any list is bounded by the length of the longest path in the XML document. We show that <i>TwigStackList</i> is I/O optimal for queries with only ancestor-descendant relationships below branching nodes. Further, even when queries contain parent-child relationship below branching nodes, the set of intermediate results in <i>TwigStackList</i> is guaranteed to be a subset of that in previous algorithms. We complement our experimental results on a range of real and synthetic data to show the significant superiority of <i>TwigStackList</i> over previous algorithms for queries with <i>parent</i>-<i>child</i> relationships.	Efficient processing of XML twig patterns with parent child edges: a look-ahead approach	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bo Luo:Dongwon Lee:Wang-Chien Lee:Peng Liu	At present, most of the state-of-the-art solutions for XML access controls are either (1) document-level access control techniques that are too limited to support fine-grained security enforcement; (2) view-based approaches that are often expensive to create and maintain; or (3) impractical proposals that require substantial security-related support from underlying XML databases. In this paper, we take a different approach that assumes no security support from underlying XML databases and examine three alternative fine-grained XML access control solutions, namely <i>primitive, pre-processing</i> and <i>post-processing</i> approaches. In particular, we advocate a pre-processing method called <i>QFilter</i> that uses Non-deterministic Finite Automata (NFA) to rewrite user's query such that any parts violating access control rules are pruned. We show the construction and execution of a QFilter and demonstrate its superiority to other competing methods.	QFilter: fine-grained run-time XML access control via NFA-based query rewriting	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yves Petinot:C. Lee Giles:Vivek Bhatnagar:Pradeep B. Teregowda:Hui Han:Isaac Councill	We introduce CiteSeer-API, a public API to CiteSeer-like services. CiteSeer-API is SOAP/WSDL based and allows for easy programmatical access to all the specific functionalities offered by CiteSeer services, including full text search of documents and citations and citation-based document discovery. In order to enable operability and interlinking with arbitrary software agents and digital library systems, CiteSeer-API uses digital content signatures to create system-independent handles for the Document, Citation and Group resources of CiteSeer servers. We discuss specific functionalities of CiteSeer-API that take advantage of these handlers in order to enable seamless location of CiteSeer resources. Finally we argue that the digital signature scheme used by CiteSeer-API is well suited for the creation of machine-usable semantic descriptions of digital library services which is the key toward seamless discovery and integration of services such as CiteSeer-API. CiteSeer-API is currently showcased on CiteSeer.IST, the CiteSeer server of the School of Information Science and Technology at the Pennsylvania State University.	CiteSeer-API: towards seamless resource location and interlinking for digital libraries	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
M. Elena Renda:Jamie Callan	Hierarchical <i>peer to peer</i> networks with multiple directory services are an important architecture for large-scale file sharing due to their effectiveness and efficiency. Recent research argues that they are also an effective method of providing large-scale content-based federated search of text-based digital libraries. In both cases the directory services are critical resources that are subject to attack or failure, but the latter architecture may be particularly vulnerable because content is less likely to be replicated throughout the network. This paper studies the robustness, effectiveness and efficiency of content-based federated search in hierarchical <i>peer to peer</i> networks when directory services fail unexpectedly. Several recovery methods are studied using simulations with varying failure rates. Experimental results show that quality of service and efficiency degrade gracefully as the number of directory service failures increases. Furthermore, they show that content-based search mechanisms are more resilient to failures than the match-based search techniques.	The robustness of content-based search in hierarchical peer to peer networks	NA:NA	2018
Seikyung Jung:Kevin Harris:Janet Webster:Jonathan L. Herlocker	Today's university library has many digitally accessible resources, both indexes to content and considerable original content. Using off-the-shelf search technology provides a single point of access into library resources, but we have found that such full-text indexing technology is not entirely satisfactory for library searching.  In response to this, we report initial usage results from a prototype of an entirely new type of search engine - The System for Electronic Recommendation Filtering (SERF) - that we have designed and deployed for the Oregon State University (OSU) Libraries. SERF encourages users to enter longer and more informative queries, and collects ratings from users as to whether search results meet their information need or not. These ratings are used to make recommendations to later users with similar needs. Over time, SERF learns from the users what documents are valuable for what information needs. In this paper, we focus on understanding whether such recommendations can increase other users' search efficiency and effectiveness in library website searching.  Based on examination of three months of usage as an alternative search interface available to all users of the Oregon State University Libraries website (http://osulibrary.oregonstate.edu/), we found strong evidence that the recommendations with human evaluation could increase the efficiency as well as effectiveness of the library website search process. Those users who received recommendations needed to examine fewer results, and recommended documents were rated much higher than documents returned by a traditional search engine.	SERF: integrating human recommendations with search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhu Zhang	This paper approaches the relation classification problem in information extraction framework with bootstrapping on top of Support Vector Machines. A new bootstrapping algorithm is proposed and empirically evaluated on the ACE corpus. We show that the supervised SVM classifier using various lexical and syntactic features can achieve promising classification accuracy. More importantly, the proposed <i>BootProject</i> algorithm based on random feature projection can significantly reduce the need for labeled training data with only limited sacrifice of performance.	Weakly-supervised relation classification for information extraction	NA	2018
Benjamin Rosenfeld:Ronen Feldman:Moshe Fresko:Jonathan Schler:Yonatan Aumann	This paper describes a hybrid statistical and knowledge-based information extraction model, able to extract entities and relations at the sentence level. The model attempts to retain and improve the high accuracy levels of knowledge-based systems while drastically reducing the amount of manual labor by relying on statistics drawn from a training corpus. The implementation of the model, called TEG (Trainable Extraction Grammar), can be adapted to any IE domain by writing a suitable set of rules in a SCFG (Stochastic Context Free Grammar) based extraction language, and training them using an annotated corpus. The system does not contain any purely linguistic components, such as PoS tagger or parser. We demonstrate the performance of the system on several named entity extraction and relation extraction tasks. The experiments show that our hybrid approach outperforms both purely statistical and purely knowledge-based systems, while requiring orders of magnitude less manual rule writing and smaller amount of training data. The improvement in accuracy is slight for named entity extraction task and more pronounced for relation extraction.	TEG: a hybrid approach to information extraction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Krishna P. Chitrapura:Srinivas R. Kashyap	Our work is motivated by the problem of ranking hyper-linked documents for a given query. Given an arbitrary directed graph with edge and node labels, we present a new flow-based model and an efficient method to dynamically rank the nodes of this graph with respect to any of the original labels. Ranking documents for a given query in a hyper-linked document set and ranking of authors/articles for a given topic in a citation database are some typical applications of our method. We outline the structural conditions that the graph must satisfy for our ranking to be different from the traditional <i>PageRank</i>. We have built a system using two indices that is capable of dynamically ranking documents for any given query. We validate our system and method using experiments on a few datasets: a crawl of the IBM Intranet (12 million pages), a crawl of the <b>www</b> (30 million pages) and the DBLP citation dataset. We compare our method to existing schemes for topic-biased ranking that require a classifier and the traditional <i>PageRank</i>. In these experiments, we demonstrate that our method is well suited for fine-grained ranking and that our method performs better than the existing schemes. We also demonstrate that our system can obtain an improved ranking with very little impact on query time.	Node ranking in labeled directed graphs	NA:NA	2018
Lucian Vlad Lita:Jaime Carbonell	Data-driven approaches in question answering (QA) are increasingly common. Since availability of training data for such approaches is very limited, we propose an unsupervised algorithm that generates high quality question-answer pairs from local corpora. The algorithm is ontology independent, requiring very small seed data as its starting point. Two alternating views of the data make learning possible: 1) question types are viewed as relations between entities and 2) question types are described by their corresponding question-answer pairs. These two aspects of the data allow us to construct an unsupervised algorithm that acquires high precision question-answer pairs. We show the quality of the acquired data for different question types and perform a task-based evaluation. With each iteration, pairs acquired by the unsupervised algorithm are used as training data to a simple QA system. Performance increases with the number of question-answer pairs acquired confirming the robustness of the unsupervised algorithm. We introduce the notion of <i>semantic drift</i> and show that it is a desirable quality in training data for question answering systems.	Unsupervised question answering data acquisition from local corpora	NA:NA	2018
Alberto Lavelli:Fabrizio Sebastiani:Roberto Zanoli	A number of content management tasks, including term categorization, term clustering, and automated thesaurus generation, view natural language <i>terms</i> (e.g. words, noun phrases) as first-class objects, i.e. as objects endowed with an internal representation which makes them suitable for explicit manipulation by the corresponding algorithms. The information retrieval (IR) literature has traditionally used an extensional (aka <i>distributional</i>) representation for terms according to which a term is represented by the "bag of documents" in which the term occurs. The computational linguistics (CL) literature has independently developed an alternative distributional representation for terms, according to which a term is represented by the "bag of terms" that co-occur with it in some document. This paper aims at discovering which of the two representations is most effective, i.e. brings about higher effectiveness once used in tasks that require terms to be explicitly represented and manipulated. We carry out experiments on (i) a term categorization task, and (ii) a term clustering task; this allows us to compare the two different representations in closely controlled experimental conditions. We report the results of experiments in which we categorize/cluster under 42 different classes the terms extracted from a corpus of more than 65,000 documents. Our results show a substantial difference in effectiveness between the two representation styles; we give both an intuitive explanation and an information-theoretic justification for these different behaviours.	Distributional term representations: an experimental comparison	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tuomo Korenius:Jorma Laurikkala:Kalervo Järvelin:Martti Juhola	Stemming and lemmatization were compared in the clustering of Finnish text documents. Since Finnish is a highly inflectional and agglutinative language, we hypothesized that lemmatization, involving splitting of the compound words, would be more appropriate normalization approach than the straightforward stemming. The relevance of the documents were evaluated with a four-point relevance assessment scale, which was collapsed into binary one by considering all the relevant and only the highly relevant documents relevant, respectively. Experiments with four hierarchical clustering methods supported the hypothesis. The stringent relevance scale showed that lemmatization allowed the single and complete linkage methods to recover especially the highly relevant documents better than stemming. In comparison with stemming, lemmatization together with the average linkage and Ward's methods produced higher precision. We conclude that lemmatization is a better word normalization method than stemming, when Finnish text documents are clustered for information retrieval.	Stemming and lemmatization in the clustering of finnish text documents	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vikas Krishna:Prasad M. Deshpande:Savitha Srinivasan	Document analysis research typically focuses on document image understanding or classic problems in text classification, clustering, summarization and discovery. While that is an important aspect of document management, in practice, documents lifecycles are often determined by the context of the business process that they are relevant to. It therefore becomes necessary for the document analysis techniques to recognize and leverage the contextual information provided by a supporting schema and business process. This paper presents an intelligent document management framework with relevant document analysis, metadata extraction, and business process association algorithms and methodology. The architecture supporting this framework seamlessly integrates a runtime environment with an authoring environment by combining relational data modeling tools with document classification techniques. The runtime environment accepts incoming documents, classifies the document, extracts metadata and executes customized business logic. The authoring environment supports the association of a class of documents with a relational document schema, identification of attribute values that must be extracted automatically, generation of relevant business logic, and deployment of authoring artifacts into the runtime architecture. We demonstrate the use of this framework with representative real-world document transformative applications.	Towards smarter documents	NA:NA:NA	2018
Paul Mason:Ken Cosh:Pulyamon Vihakapirom	The development of large, complex systems poses a number of challenges for systems engineers, not least of which is the ability to ensure user requirements have been satisfied. Effective requirements management - an amalgam of information capture, information <i>storage</i> and <i>management</i>, and information <i>dissemination</i> activities - is crucial in that respect. In this paper we concentrate on one of the core issues of <i>information management</i> in a requirements management context - namely <i>traceability</i>. Traceability is the common term for mechanisms to record and navigate relationships between artifacts produced by development processes. However, realising effective traceability in systems engineering environments is complicated by the fact that engineers use a range of notations to describe complex systems. These range from natural language (informal), to graphical notations such as Statecharts (semi-formal) to languages with a well defined (formal) semantics such as VDM-SL and SPARK Ada. Most have tool support, although a lack of well-defined approaches to integration leads to inconsistencies and limits traceability between their respective data sets (internal models). This paper demonstrates an approach based on meta-modelling that enables traceability links to be established and consistency maintained between tools.	On structuring formal, semi-formal and informal data to support traceability in systems engineering environments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ben Shneiderman	The old computing was about what computers could do; the new computing is about what people can do.To accelerate the shift from the old to the new computing designers need to:reduce computer user frustration. Recent studies show 46% of time is lost to crashes, confusing instructions, navigation problems, etc. Public pressure for change could promote design improvements and increase reliability, thereby dramatically enhancing user experiences.promote universal usability. Interfaces must be tailorable to a wide range of hardware, software, and networks, and users. When broad services such as voting, healthcare, and education are envisioned, the challenge to designers is substantial.envision a future in which human needs more directly shape technology evolution. Four circles of human relationships and four human activities map out the human needs for mobility, ubiquity, creativity, and community. The World Wide Med and million-person communities will be accessible through desktop, palmtop and fingertip devices to support e-learning, e-business, e-healthcare, and e-government.Leonardo da Vinci could help as an inspirational muse for the new computing. His example could push designers to improve quality through scientific study and more elegant visual design. Leonardo's example can guide us to the new computing, which emphasizes empowerment, creativity, and collaboration. Information visualization and personal photo interfaces will be shown: PhotoMesa (www.cs.umd.edu/hcil/photomesa) and PhotoFinder (www.cs.umd.edu/hcil/photolib).For more: http://mitpress.mit.edu/leonardoslaptop and http://www.cs.umd.edu/hcil/newcomputing.	Leonardo's laptop: human needs and the new computing technologies	NA	2018
Yannis Ioannidis	Conventional data management occurs primarily in centralized servers or in well-interconnected distributed systems. These are removed from their end users, who interact with the systems mostly through static devices to obtain generic services around main-stream applications: banking, retail, business management, etc. Several recent advances in technologies, however, give rise to a new breed of applications, which change altogether the user experience and sense of data management. Very soon several such systems will be in our pockets, many more in our homes, the kitchen appliances, our clothes, etc. How would these systems operate? Many system and user aspects must be approached in novel ways, while several new issues come up and need to be addressed for the first time. Highlights include personalization, privacy, information trading, annotation, new interaction devices and corresponding interfaces, visualization, etc. In this talk, we take a close look at and give a very personal guided tour to this emerging world of data management, offering some thoughts on how the new technical challenges might be approached.	Emerging data management systems: close-up and personal	NA	2018
Thomas Hofmann	Unstructured data is a valuable source of information and implicit knowledge. Yet, the bits and bytes of, e.g., text, image, or click-stream data need to be interpreted in order to transform them into business intelligence and actionable information. Clearly, this process needs to be automated to the largest possible extend in order to be scalable to the typical volumes of data. One way to accomplish this is through the use of machine learning and statistical modelling techniques. This talk will provide an overview of recent progress and new trends in machine learning and discuss their relevance for developing intelligent tools for search, information filtering, categorization, and knowledge extraction.	From bits and bytes to information and knowledge	NA	2018
Jaap Kamps:Maarten Marx:Maarten de Rijke:Börkur Sigurbjörnsson	Document-centric XML is a mixture of text and structure. With the increased availability of document-centric XML content comes a need for query facilities in which both structural constraints and constraints on the content of the documents can be expressed. How does the expressiveness of languages for querying XML documents help users to express their information needs? We address this question from both an experimental and a theoretical point of view. Our experimental analysis compares a structure-ignorant with a structure-aware retrieval approach using the test-suite of the 2004 edition of the INEX XML retrieval evaluation initiative. Theoretically, we create mathematical models of users' knowledge of a set of documents and define query languages which exactly fit these models. One of these languages corresponds to an XML version of fielded search, the other to the INEX query language. Our main findings are: First, while structure is used in varying degrees of complexity, over half of the queries can be expressed in a fielded-search like format which does not use the hierarchical structure of the documents. Second, structure is used as a search hint, and not a strict requirement, when judged against the underlying information need. Third, the use of structure in queries functions as a precision enhancing device.	Structured queries in XML retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vojkan Mihajlović:Henk Ernst Blok:Djoerd Hiemstra:Peter M. G. Apers	A unified database framework that will enable better comprehension of ranked XML retrieval is still a challenge in the XML database field. We propose a logical algebra, named score region algebra, that enables transparent specification of information retrieval (IR) models for XML databases. The transparency is achieved by a possibility to instantiate various retrieval models, using abstract score functions within algebra operators, while logical query plan and operator definitions remain unchanged. Our algebra operators model three important aspects of XML retrieval: element relevance score computation, element score propagation, and element score combination. To illustrate the usefulness of our algebra we instantiate four different, well known IR scoring models, and combine them with different score propagation and combination functions. We implemented the algebra operators in a prototype system on top of a low-level database kernel. The evaluation of the system is performed on a collection of IEEE articles in XML format provided by INEX. We argue that state of the art XML IR models can be transparently implemented using our score region algebra framework on top of any low-level physical database engine or existing RDBMS, allowing a more systematic investigation of retrieval model behavior.	Score region algebra: building a transparent XML-R database	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Paavo Arvola:Marko Junkkari:Jaana Kekäläinen	A general re-weighting method, called contextualization, for more efficient element ranking in XML retrieval is introduced. Re-weighting is based on the idea of using the ancestors of an element as a context: if the element appears in a good context -- good interpreted as probability of relevance -- its weight is increased in relevance scoring; if the element appears in a bad context, its weight is decreased. The formal presentation of contextualization is given in a general XML representation and manipulation frame, which is based on utilization of structural indices. This provides a general approach independent of weighting schemas or query languages.Contextualization is evaluated with the INEX test collection. We tested four runs: no contextualization, parent, root and tower contextualizations. The contextualization runs were significantly better than no contextualization. The root contextualization was the best among the re-weighted runs.	Generalized contextualization method for XML information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Klaus Haller:Heiko Schuldt:Can Türker	Business processes executing in peer-to-peer environments usually invoke Web services on different, independent peers. Although peer-to-peer environments inherently lack global control, some business processes nevertheless require global transactional guarantees, i.e., atomicity and isolation applied at the level of processes. This paper introduces a new decentralized serialization graph testing protocol to ensure concurrency control and recovery in peer-to-peer environments. The uniqueness of the proposed protocol is that it ensures global correctness without relying on a global serialization graph. Essentially, each transactional process is equipped with partial knowledge that allows the transactional processes to coordinate. Globally correct execution is achieved by communication among dependent transactional processes and the peers they have accessed. In case of failures, a combination of partial backward and forward recovery is applied. Experimental results exhibit a significant performance gain over traditional distributed locking-based protocols with respect to the execution of transactions encompassing Web service requests.	Decentralized coordination of transactional processes in peer-to-peer environments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gianluigi Greco:Francesco Scarcello	Peer-to-Peer (P2P) data integration systems have recently attracted significant attention for their ability to manage and share data dispersed over different peer sources. While integrating data for answering user queries, it often happens that inconsistencies arise, because some integrity constraints specified on peers' global schemas may be violated. In these cases, we may give semantics to the inconsistent system by suitably "repairing" the retrieved data, as typically done in the context of traditional data integration systems. However, some specific features of P2P systems, such as peer autonomy and peer preferences (e.g., different source trusting), should be properly addressed to make the whole approach effective. In this paper, we face these issues that were only marginally considered in the literature. We first present a formal framework for reasoning about autonomous peers that exploit individual preference criteria in repairing the data. The idea is that queries should be answered over the best possible database repairs with respect to the preferences of all peers, i.e., the states on which they are able to find an agreement. Then, we investigate the computational complexity of dealing with peer agreements and of answering queries in P2P data integration systems. It turns out that considering peer preferences makes these problems only mildly harder than in traditional data integration systems.	On the complexity of computing peer agreements for consistent query answering in peer-to-peer data integration systems	NA:NA	2018
Ioannis Aekaterinidis:Peter Triantafillou	With this work we aim to make a three-fold contribution. We first address the issue of supporting efficiently queries over string-attributes involving prefix, suffix, containment, and equality operators in large-scale data networks. Our first design decision is to employ distributed hash tables (DHTs) for the data network's topology, harnessing their desirable properties. Our next design decision is to derive DHT-independent solutions, treating DHT as a black box. Second, we exploit this infrastructure to develop efficient content based publish/subscribe systems. The main contribution here are algorithms for the efficient processing of queries (subscriptions) and events (publications). Specifically, we show that our subscription processing algorithms require O(logN) messages for a N-node network, and our event processing algorithms require O(l x logN) messages (with l being the average string length).Third, we develop algorithms for optimizing the processing of multi-dimensional events, involving several string attributes. Further to our analysis, we provide simulation-based experiments showing promising performance results in terms of number of messages, required bandwidth, load balancing, and response times.	Internet scale string attribute publish/subscribe data networks	NA:NA	2018
Michael Guppenberger:Burkhard Freitag	An important feature of information systems is the ability to inform users about changes of the stored information. Therefore, systems have to 'know' what changes a user wants to be informed about. This is well known from the field of publish-/subscribe architectures. In this paper, we propose a solution for information system designers of how to extend their information model in a way that the notification mechanism can consider semantic knowledge when determining which parties to inform. Two different kinds of implementations are introduced and evaluated: one based on aspect oriented programming (AOP), the other one based on traditional database triggers. The evaluation of both approaches leads to a combined approach preserving the advantages of both techniques, using Model Driven Architecture (MDA) to create the triggers from a UML model enhanced with stereotypes.	Intelligent creation of notification events in information systems: concept, implementation and evaluation	NA:NA	2018
Kaidi Zhao:Bing Liu:Thomas M. Tirpak:Weimin Xiao	Data mining techniques frequently find a large number of patterns or rules, which make it very difficult for a human analyst to interpret the results and to find the truly interesting and actionable rules. Due to the subjective nature of "interestingness", human involvement in the analysis process is crucial. In this paper, we propose a novel visual data mining framework for the purpose of identifying actionable knowledge quickly and easily from discovered rules and data. This framework is called the Opportunity Map. It is inspired by some interesting ideas from Quality Engineering, in particular Quality Function Deployment (QFD) and the House of Quality. It associates summarized data or discovered rules with the application objective using an interactive matrix, which enables the user to quickly identify where the opportunities are. The proposed system can be used to visually analyze discovered rules, and other statistical properties of the data. The user can also interactively group actionable attributes and values, and see how they affect the targets of interest. Combined with drill-down and comparative analysis, the user can analyze rules and data at different levels of detail. The proposed visualization framework thus represents a systematic and yet flexible method of rule analysis. Applications of the system to large-scale data sets from our industrial partner have yielded promising results.	Opportunity map: a visualization framework for fast identification of actionable knowledge	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jaewoo Kang:Tae Sik Han:Dongwon Lee:Prasenjit Mitra	In this paper, we present a "value mapping" algorithm that does not rely on syntactic similarity or semantic interpretation of the values. The algorithm first constructs a statistical model (e.g., co-occurrence frequency or entropy vector) that captures the unique characteristics of values and their co-occurrence. It then finds the matching values by computing the distances between the models while refining the models using user feedback through iterations. Our experimental results suggest that our approach successfully establishes value mappings even in the presence of opaque data values and thus can be a useful addition to the existing data integration techniques.	Establishing value mappings using statistical models and user feedback	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Valentin Jijkoun:Maarten de Rijke	We address the task of answering natural language questions by using the large number of Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) pages available on the web. The task involves three steps: (1) fetching FAQ pages from the web; (2) automatic extraction of question/answer (Q/A) pairs from the collected pages; and (3) answering users' questions by retrieving appropriate Q/A pairs. We discuss our solutions for each of the three tasks, and give detailed evaluation results on a collected corpus of about 3.6Gb of text data (293K pages, 2.8M Q/A pairs), with real users' questions sampled from a web search engine log. Specifically, we propose simple but effective methods for Q/A extraction and investigate task-specific retrieval models for answering questions. Our best model finds answers for 36% of the test questions in the top 20 results. Our overall conclusion is that FAQ pages on the web provide an excellent resource for addressing real users' information needs in a highly focused manner.	Retrieving answers from frequently asked questions pages on the web	NA:NA	2018
Jiwoon Jeon:W. Bruce Croft:Joon Ho Lee	There has recently been a significant increase in the number of community-based question and answer services on the Web where people answer other peoples' questions. These services rapidly build up large archives of questions and answers, and these archives are a valuable linguistic resource. One of the major tasks in a question and answer service is to find questions in the archive that a semantically similar to a user's question. This enables high quality answers from the archive to be retrieved and removes the time lag associated with a community-based system. In this paper, we discuss methods for question retrieval that are based on using the similarity between answers in the archive to estimate probabilities for a translation-based retrieval model. We show that with this model it is possible to find semantically similar questions with relatively little word overlap.	Finding similar questions in large question and answer archives	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fernando Das-Neves:Edward A. Fox:Xiaoyan Yu	In this paper, we present Stepping Stones and Pathways (SSP), an alternative model of building and presenting answers for the cases when queries on document collections cannot be answered just by a ranked list. Stepping Stones can handle questions like: "What is the relation of topics X and Y?" SSP addresses when the contents of a small set of related documents is needed as an answer rather than a single document, or when "query splitting" is required to satisfactorily explore a document space. Query results are networks of document groups representing topics, each group relating to and connecting (by documents) to other groups in the network. Thus, a network answers the user's information need. We devise new and more effective representations and techniques to visualize such answers, and to involve users as part of the answer-finding process. In order to verify the validity of our approach, and since the questions we aim to answer involve multiple topics, we performed a study involving a custom built broad collection of operating systems research papers, and evaluated the results with interested computer science students, using multiple measures.	Connecting topics in document collections with stepping stones and pathways	NA:NA:NA	2018
Barbara Carminati:Elena Ferrari:Elisa Bertino	Web-based third-party architectures for data publishing are today receiving growing attention, due to their scalability and the ability to efficiently manage large numbers of users and great amounts of data. A third-party architecture relies on a distinction between the Owner and the Publisher of information. The Owner is the producer of information, whereas Publisher provides data management services and query processing functions for (a portion of) the Owner's information. In such architecture, there are important security concerns especially if we do not want to make any assumption on the trustworthy of the Publishers. Although approaches have been proposed [4, 5] providing partial solutions to this problem, no comprehensive framework has been so far developed able to support all the most important security properties in the presence of an untrusted Publisher. In this paper, we develop an XML-based solution to such problem, which makes use of non-conventional digital signature techniques and queries over encrypted data.	Securing XML data in third-party distribution systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Béatrice Finance:Saïda Medjdoub:Philippe Pucheral	With the emergence of XML as the de facto standard to exchange and disseminate information, the problem of regulating access to XML documents has attracted a considerable attention in recent years. Existing models attach authorizations to nodes of an XML document but disregard relationships between them. However, ancestor and sibling relationships may reveal information as sensitive as the one carried out by the nodes themselves (e.g., classification). This paper advocates the integration of relationships as first class citizen in the access control models for XML and makes the following contributions. First, it characterizes important relationship authorizations and identifies the mechanisms required to translate them accurately in an authorized view of a source document. Second, it introduces a rule-based formulation for expressing these classes of relationship authorizations and defines an associated conflict resolution strategy. Rather than being yet-another XML access control model, the proposed approach allows a seamless integration of relationship authorizations in existing XML access control model.	The case for access control on XML relationships	NA:NA:NA	2018
Naizhen Qi:Michiharu Kudo:Jussi Myllymaki:Hamid Pirahesh	XML documents are frequently used in applications such as business transactions and medical records involving sensitive information. Typically, parts of documents should be visible to users depending on their roles. For instance, an insurance agent may see the billing information part of a medical document but not the details of the patient's medical history. Access control on the basis of data location or value in an XML document is therefore essential. In practice, the number of access control rules is on the order of millions, which is a product of the number of document types (in 1000's) and the number of user roles (in 100's). Therefore, the solution requires high scalability and performance. Current approaches to access control over XML documents have suffered from scalability problems because they tend to work on individual documents. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to XML access control through rule functions that are managed separately from the documents. A rule function is an executable code fragment that encapsulates the access rules (paths and predicates), and is shared by all documents of the same document type. At runtime, the rule functions corresponding to the access request are executed to determine the accessibility of document fragments. Using synthetic and real data, we show the scalability of the scheme by comparing the accessibility evaluation cost of two rule function models. We show that the rule functions generated on user basis is more efficient for XML databases.	A function-based access control model for XML databases	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mihail Halachev:Nematollaah Shiri:Anand Thamildurai	We study suitable indexing techniques to support efficient exact match search in large biological sequence databases. We propose a suffix tree (ST) representation, called STA-DF, as an alternative to the array representation of ST (STA) proposed in [7] and utilized in [18]. To study the performance of STA and STA-DF, we develop a memory efficient ST-based Exact Match (STEM) search algorithm. We implemented STEM and both representations of ST and conducted extensive experiments. Our results indicate that the STA and STA-DF representations are very similar in construction time, storage utilization, and search time using STEM. In terms of the access patterns by STEM, our results show that compared to STA, the STA-DF representation exhibits better spatial and sequential locality of reference. This suggests that STA-DF would require less number of disk I/Os, and hence is more amenable to efficient and scalable disk-based computation.	Exact match search in sequence data using suffix trees	NA:NA:NA	2018
Michail Vlachos:Zografoula Vagena:Philip S. Yu:Vassilis Athitsos	We present data representations, distance measures and organizational structures for fast and efficient retrieval of similar shapes in image databases. Using the Hough Transform we extract shape signatures that correspond to important features of an image. The new shape descriptor is robust against line discontinuities and takes into consideration not only the shape boundaries, but also the content inside the object perimeter. The object signatures are eventually projected into a space that renders them invariant to translation, scaling and rotation. In order to provide support for real-time query-by-content, we also introduce an index structure that hierarchically organizes compressed versions of the extracted object signatures. In this manner we can achieve a significant performance boost for multimedia retrieval. Our experiments suggest that by exploiting the proposed framework, similarity search in a database of 100,000 images would require under 1 sec, using an off-the-shelf personal computer.	Rotation invariant indexing of shapes and line drawings	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anand Meka:Ambuj Singh	We consider the general problem of tracking moving objects in sensor networks. The specific application we consider is that of tracking a chemical plume moving over a large infrastructure network. We present a distributed index structure DIST that stores and updates distributed summaries as the plume moves. We present algorithms for range queries on the history of the plume. DIST localizes information with respect to time and space using a hierarchy that scales with the plume size. The highlight of our work is an analytical model to predict the cost of query algorithms based on the query location, query size, and plume's spatio-temporal distribution. Using this model, our adaptive scheme chooses the optimal scheme. Experimental results show that DIST outperforms alternative techniques in query, update, and storage costs, and scales well with the number of plumes.	DIST: a distributed spatio-temporal index structure for sensor networks	NA:NA	2018
Thanh Tin Tang:David Hawking:Nick Craswell:Kathy Griffiths	Subject-specific search facilities on health sites are usually built using manual inclusion and exclusion rules. These can be expensive to maintain and often provide incomplete coverage of Web resources. On the other hand, health information obtained through whole-of-Web search may not be scientifically based and can be potentially harmful.To address problems of cost, coverage and quality, we built a focused crawler for the mental health topic of depression, which was able to selectively fetch higher quality relevant information. We found that the relevance of unfetched pages can be predicted based on link anchor context, but the quality cannot. We therefore estimated quality of the entire linking page, using a learned IR-style query of weighted single words and word pairs, and used this to predict the quality of its links. The overall crawler priority was determined by the product of link relevance and source quality.We evaluated our crawler against baseline crawls using both relevance judgments and objective site quality scores obtained using an evidence-based rating scale. Both a relevance focused crawler and the quality focused crawler retrieved twice as many relevant pages as a breadth-first control. The quality focused crawler was quite effective in reducing the amount of low quality material fetched while crawling more high quality content, relative to the relevance focused crawler.Analysis suggests that quality of content might be improved by post-filtering a very big breadth-first crawl, at the cost of substantially increased network traffic.	Focused crawling for both topical relevance and quality of medical information	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yinghua Zhou:Xing Xie:Chuang Wang:Yuchang Gong:Wei-Ying Ma	There is more and more commercial and research interest in location-based web search, i.e. finding web content whose topic is related to a particular place or region. In this type of search, location information should be indexed as well as text information. However, the index of conventional text search engine is set-oriented, while location information is two-dimensional and in Euclidean space. This brings new research problems on how to efficiently represent the location attributes of web pages and how to combine two types of indexes. In this paper, we propose to use a hybrid index structure, which integrates inverted files and R*-trees, to handle both textual and location aware queries. Three different combining schemes are studied: (1) inverted file and R*-tree double index, (2) first inverted file then R*-tree, (3) first R*-tree then inverted file. To validate the performance of proposed index structures, we design and implement a complete location-based web search engine which mainly consists of four parts: (1) an extractor which detects geographical scopes of web pages and represents geographical scopes as multiple MBRs based on geographical coordinates; (2) an indexer which builds hybrid index structures to integrate text and location information; (3) a ranker which ranks results by geographical relevance as well as non-geographical relevance; (4) an interface which is friendly for users to input location-based search queries and to obtain geographical and textual relevant results. Experiments on large real-world web dataset show that both the second and the third structures are superior in query time and the second is slightly better than the third. Additionally, indexes based on R*-trees are proven to be more efficient than indexes based on grid structures.	Hybrid index structures for location-based web search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaojun Wan:Jianfeng Gao:Mu Li:Binggong Ding	Finding information about people on the Web using a search engine is difficult because there is a many-to-many mapping between person names and specific persons (i.e. referents). This paper describes a person resolution system, called WebHawk. Given a list of pages obtained by submitting a person query to a search engine, WebHawk facilitates person search in three steps: First of all, a filter removes those pages that contain no information about any person. Secondly, a cluster groups the remaining pages into different clusters, each for one specific person. To make the resulting clusters more meaningful, an extractor is used to induce query-oriented personal information from each page. Finally, a namer generates an informative description for each cluster so that users can find any specific person easily. The architecture of WebHawk is presented, and the four components are discussed in detail, with a separate evaluation of each component presented where appropriate. A user study shows that WebHawk complements most existing search engines and successfully improves users' experience of person search on the Web.	Person resolution in person search results: WebHawk	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Buğgra Gedik:Kun-Lung Wu:Philip S. Yu:Ling Liu	We present an adaptive load shedding approach for windowed stream joins. In contrast to the conventional approach of dropping tuples from the input streams, we explore the concept of selective processing for load shedding. We allow stream tuples to be stored in the windows and shed excessive CPU load by performing the join operations, not on the entire set of tuples within the windows, but on a dynamically changing subset of tuples that are learned to be highly beneficial. We support such dynamic selective processing through three forms of runtime adaptations: adaptation to input stream rates, adaptation to time correlation between the streams and adaptation to join directions. Indexes are used to further speed up the execution of stream joins. Experiments are conducted to evaluate our adaptive load shedding in terms of output rate. The results show that our selective processing approach to load shedding is very effective and significantly outperforms the approach that drops tuples from the input streams.	Adaptive load shedding for windowed stream joins	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ming-Jyh Hsieh:Ming-Syan Chen:Philip S. Yu	For time-relevant multi-dimensional data sets (MDS), users usually pose a huge amount of data due to the large dimensionality, and approximating query processing has emerged as a viable solution. Specifically, the cube streams handle MDSs in a continuous manner. Traditional cube approximation focuses on generating single snapshots rather than continuous ones. To address this issue, the application of generating snapshots for cube streams, called SCS, is investigated in this paper. Such an application collects data events for cube streams on-line and generates snapshots with limited resources in order to keep the approximated information in synopsis memory for further analysis. As compared to OLAP applications, the SCS ones are subject to much more resource constraints for both processing time and memory and cannot be dealt with by existing methods due to the limited resources. In this paper, the DAWA algorithm, standing for a hybrid algorithm of Dct for Data and discrete WAvelet transform, is proposed to approximate the cube streams. The DAWA algorithm combines the advantage of high compression rate from DWT and that of low memory cost from DCT. Consequently, DAWA costs much smaller working buffer and outperforms both DWT-based and DCT-based methods in execution efficiency. Also, it is shown that DAWA provides answers of good quality for SCS applications with a small working buffer and short execution time. The optimality of algorithm DAWA is theoretically proved and also empirically demonstrated by our experiments.	Integrating DCT and DWT for approximating cube streams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Alexandru Coman:Mario A. Nascimento:Jörg Sander	Sensor networks are made of autonomous devices that are able to collect, store, process and share data with other devices. Spatiotemporal region queries can be used for retrieving information of interest from such networks. Such queries require the answers only from the subset of the network nodes that fall into the query region. If the network is redundant in the sense that the measurements of some nodes can be substituted by those of other nodes with a certain degree of confidence, then a much smaller subset of nodes may be sufficient to answer the query at a lower energy cost. We investigate how to take advantage of such data redundancy and propose two techniques to process spatiotemporal region queries under these conditions. Our techniques reduce up to twenty times the energy cost of query processing compared to the typical network flooding, thus prolonging the lifetime of the sensor network.	Exploiting redundancy in sensor networks for energy efficient processing of spatiotemporal region queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nadia Ghamrawi:Andrew McCallum	Common approaches to multi-label classification learn independent classifiers for each category, and employ ranking or thresholding schemes for classification. Because they do not exploit dependencies between labels, such techniques are only well-suited to problems in which categories are independent. However, in many domains labels are highly interdependent. This paper explores multi-label conditional random field (CRF)classification models that directly parameterize label co-occurrences in multi-label classification. Experiments show that the models outperform their single-label counterparts on standard text corpora. Even when multi-labels are sparse, the models improve subset classification error by as much as 40%.	Collective multi-label classification	NA:NA	2018
Ratko Orlandic:Ying Lai:Wai Gen Yee	This paper introduces a new algorithm for clustering data in high-dimensional feature spaces, called GARDENHD. The algorithm is organized around the notion of data space reduction, i.e. the process of detecting dense areas (dense cells) in the space. It performs effective and efficient elimination of empty areas that characterize typical high-dimensional spaces and an efficient adjacency-connected agglomeration of dense cells into larger clusters. It produces a compact representation that can effectively capture the essence of data. GARDENHD is a hybrid of cell-based and density-based clustering. However, unlike typical clustering methods in its class, it applies a recursive partition of sparse regions in the space using a new space-partitioning strategy. The properties of this partitioning strategy greatly facilitate data space reduction. The experiments on synthetic and real data sets reveal that GARDENHD and its data space reduction are effective, efficient, and scalable.	Clustering high-dimensional data using an efficient and effective data space reduction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Federica Mandreoli:Riccardo Martoglia:Enrico Ronchetti	In this paper, we propose a versatile disambiguation approach which can be used to make explicit the meaning of structure based information such as XML schemas, XML document structures, web directories, and ontologies. It can be of support to the semantic-awareness of a wide range of applications, from schema matching and query rewriting to peer data management systems, from XML data clustering to ontology-based automatic annotation of web pages and query expansion. The effectiveness of the achieved results has been experimentally proved and is founded both on a flexible exploitation of the structure context, whose extraction can be tailored on the specific application needs, and of the information provided by commonly available thesauri such as WordNet.	Versatile structural disambiguation for semantic-aware applications	NA:NA:NA	2018
Timothy M. Sutherland:Bin Liu:Mariana Jbantova:Elke A. Rundensteiner	NA	D-CAPE: distributed and self-tuned continuous query processing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qiankun Zhao:Sourav S. Bhowmick:Le Gruenwald	Existing XML query pattern-based caching strategies focus on extracting the set of frequently issued query pattern trees based on the number of occurrences of the query pattern trees in the history. Each occurrence of the same query pattern tree is considered equally important for the caching strategy. However, the same query pattern tree may occur at different timepoints in the history of XML queries. This temporal feature can be used to improve the caching strategy. In this paper, we propose a novel type of query pattern called conserved query paths for efficient caching by integrating the support and temporal features together. Conserved query paths are paths in query pattern trees that never change or do not change significantly most of the time (if not always) in terms of their support values during a specific time period. We proposed an algorithm to extract those conserved query paths. By ranking those conserved query paths, a dynamic-conscious caching (DCC) strategy is proposed for efficient XML query processing. Experiments show that the DCC caching strategy outperforms the existing XML query pattern tree-based caching strategies.	Mining conserved XML query paths for dynamic-conscious caching	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yongluan Zhou:Ying Yan:Beng Chin Ooi:Kian-Lee Tan:Aoying Zhou	NA	Optimizing continuous multijoin queries over distributed streams	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Takeharu Eda:Makoto Onizuka:Masashi Yamamuro	Range labeling and structural joins are well-studied techniques for efficiently processing XPath queries. However, when XPath queries become long, many times of structural joins are required. To solve this problem, we developed a method to reduce the number of joins and nodes read from the disk using strong DataGuides. Our method can process single paths without any joins and twig patterns with joins amongst branching nodes and leaves in queries. Experimental results verified that our approach outperforms the best optimization technique for structural joins by factors of up to several hundreds of times.	Processing XPath queries with XML summaries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Changqing Li:Tok Wang Ling:Jiaheng Lu:Tian Yu	The basic relationships to be determined in XML query processing are ancestor-descendant (A-D), parent-child (P-C), sibling and ordering relationships. The containment labeling scheme can determine the A-D, P-C and ordering relationships fast, but it is very expensive in determining the sibling relationship. The prefix labeling scheme can determine all the four basic relationships fast if the XML tree is shallow. However, if the XML tree is deep, the prefix scheme is inefficient since the prefix is long. Furthermore, the prefix label is repeated by all the siblings (only the self labels of these siblings are different). Thus in this paper, we propose the P-Containment and P-Prefix schemes which can determine all the four basic relationships faster no matter what the XML structure is; meanwhile P-Prefix can reduce the redundancies in the prefix labeling scheme.	On reducing redundancy and improving efficiency of XML labeling schemes	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Cheng Luo:Zhewei Jiang:Wen-Chi Hou	This paper provides a general overview of two innovative applications of Cosine series in XML joins and data stream joins.	Applying cosine series to join size estimation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fang Liu:Shuang Liu:Clement Yu:Weiyi Meng:Ophir Frieder:David Grossman	NA	Database selection in intranet mediators for natural language queries	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ramakrishna Varadarajan:Vagelis Hristidis	Summarization of text documents is increasingly important with the amount of data available on the Internet. The large majority of current approaches view documents as linear sequences of words and create query-independent summaries. However, ignoring the structure of the document degrades the quality of summaries. Furthermore, the popularity of web search engines requires query-specific summaries. We present a method to create query-specific summaries by adding structure to documents by extracting associations between their fragments.	Structure-based query-specific document summarization	NA:NA	2018
Ken Q. Pu:Alberto O. Mendelzon	We present a framework for functionally modeling query languages and data models. Data and queries are uniformly represented by first-order functions, and query-language constructs by polymorphic higher-order functions. The functions are typed by a database-oriented type system that supports polymorphism and nesting of types, thus one can perform static type-checking and type-inferencing of query-expressions. The query language can be freely extended by introducing new querying constructs as polymorphic higher-order functions.While type information gives the input-output description of the functions, the semantic information is captured by equational specifications. Knowledge about the functions is represented as equalities of functional expressions in the form of equations. By equational axiomatization of the query language, database problems of query equivalence and answering-query with views can be posed as equational word-problems and equational matching.	Typed functional query languages with equational specifications	NA:NA	2018
Maithili Narasimha:Gene Tsudik	Database outsourcing is an important trend which involves data owners farming out their data management needs to an external service provider. One important requirement is to maintain the integrity and authenticity of outsourced data. Whenever an outsourced database is queried, the corresponding query reply must be demonstrably authentic. Furthermore, a reply must include a proof of completeness to convince the querier that no data matching the query predicate(s) has been omitted. In this paper, we suggest new techniques in support of efficient authenticity and completeness guarantees of such query replies.	DSAC: integrity for outsourced databases with signature aggregation and chaining	NA:NA	2018
Foto N. Afrati:Paraskevas V. Lekeas:Chen Li	We study how to answer aggregation queries over hierarchical Web sites using adaptive sampling.	Answering aggregation queries on hierarchical web sites using adaptive sampling	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bhuvan Bamba:Prasan Roy:Mukesh Mohania	NA	OSQR: overlapping clustering of query results	NA:NA:NA	2018
Terrence Mason:Ramon Lawrence	The INFER query language allows users to express queries without referencing relations or specifying joins. Since the INFER syntax is similar to but less restrictive than SQL, users can easily write highly expressive queries that are automatically completed by INFER's inference engine. INFER's SQL-based syntax is familiar to current database users, and its improved ranking and query explanation system makes it easier to use.	INFER: a relational query language without the complexity of SQL	NA:NA	2018
Sandeep Gupta:Jinfeng Ni:Chinya V. Ravishankar	Location-dependent data are central to many emerging applications, ranging from traffic information services to sensor networks. The standard pull- and push-based data dissemination models become unworkable since the data volumes and number of clients are high.We address this problem using locale covers, a subset of the original set of locations of interest, chosen to include at least one location in a suitably defined neighborhood of any client. Since location-dependent values are highly correlated with location, a query can be answered using a location close to the query point.We show that location-dependent queries may be answered satisfactorily using locale covers, with small loss of accuracy. Our approach is independent of locations and speeds of clients, and is applicable to mobile clients.	Efficient data dissemination using locale covers	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hidetaka Matsumura:Keishi Tajima	This paper shows a scheme for incremental evaluation of XPath queries. Here, we focus on a monotone fragment of XPath, i.e., when a data is deleted from (or inserted to) the database, only deletion (insertion, resp.) may occur to query answers. For efficiently processing deletions, we store information on partial matchings, i.e., which elements were participating in matchings for which query answers, and also store counters showing how many matchings each query answer had. We use the information on the partial matchings also for skipping a part of computation upon data insertion. We investigate properties of the XPath fragment in order to keep the amount of information we store as small as possible.	Incremental evaluation of a monotone XPath fragment	NA:NA	2018
Zhenjie Zhang:Xinyu Guo:Hua Lu:Anthony K. H. Tung:Nan Wang	Current interests in skyline computation arise due to their relation to preference queries. Since it is guaraneed that a skyline point will not lose out in all dimensions when compared to any other point in the data set, this means that for each skyline point, there exists a set of weight assignments to the dimensions such that the point will become the top user preference.We believe that the usefulness of skyline points is not limited to such application and can be extended to data analysis and knowledge discovery as well. However, since the skyline of high dimensional datasets (which are common in data analysis applications) can contain too many points, various means must be developed to filter off the less interesting skyline points in high dimensions. In this paper, we will propose algorithms to find a set of interesting skyline points called strong skyline points. Extensive experiments show that our proposal is both effective and efficient.	Discovering strong skyline points in high dimensional spaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaohua Hu:Illhoi Yoo:Min Song:Yanqing Zhang:Il-Yeol Song	Two complementary and non-interactive literature sets of articles, when they are considered together, can reveal useful information of scientific interest not apparent in either of the two document sets. Swanson called the existence of such knowledge, undiscovered public knowledge (UDPK). This paper proposes a semantic-based mining model for UDPK. Our method replaces manual ad-hoc pruning with using semantic knowledge from the biomedical ontologies. Using the semantic types and semantic relationships of the biomedical concepts, our prototype system can identify the relevant concepts collected from Medline and generate the novel hypothesis between these concepts. The system successfully replicates Swanson's two famous discoveries: Raynaud disease/fish oils and migraine/magnesium. Compared with previous approaches, our methods generate much fewer but more relevant novel hypotheses, and require much less human intervention in the discovery procedure.	Mining undiscovered public knowledge from complementary and non-interactive biomedical literature through semantic pruning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sriram Mohan:Arijit Sengupta:Yuqing Wu	Being able to express and enforce role-based access control on XML data is a critical component of XML data management. However, given the semi-structured nature of XML, this is non-trivial, as access control can be applied on the values of nodes as well as on the structural relationship between nodes. In this context, we adopt and extend a graph editing language for specifying role-based access constraints in the form of security views. A Security Annotated Schema (SAS) is proposed as the internal representation for the security views and can be automatically constructed from the original schema and the security view specification. To enforce the access constraints on user queries, we propose Secure Query Rewrite (SQR) -- a set of rules that can be used to rewrite a user XPath query on the security view into an equivalent XQuery expression against the original data, with the guarantee that the users only see information in the view but not any data that was blocked. Experimental evaluation demonstrates the efficiency and the expressiveness of our approach.	Access control for XML: a dynamic query rewriting approach	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hong-Cheu Liu:John Zeleznikow	We develop a fixpoint operator for computing large item sets and demonstrate three query paradigm solutions for association rule mining that use the idea of least fixpoint computation and indicates some optimisation issues. The results of our research provide theoretical foundation for relational computation of association rules and its application on XML mining.	Relational computation for mining association rules from XML data	NA:NA	2018
Helena Ahonen-Myka	We present an efficient algorithm for finding all maximal frequent word sequences in a set of sentences. A word sequence s is considered frequent, if all its words occur in at least σ sentences and the words occur in each of these sentences in the same order as in s, given a frequency threshold σ. Hence, the words of a sequence s do not have to occur consecutively in the sentences.	Mining all maximal frequent word sequences in a set of sentences	NA	2018
Aron Culotta:Andrew McCallum	Record deduplication is the task of merging database records that refer to the same underlying entity. In relational data-bases, accurate deduplication for records of one type is often dependent on the decisions made for records of other types. Whereas nearly all previous approaches have merged records of different types independently, this work models these inter-dependencies explicitly to collectively deduplicate records of multiple types. We construct a conditional random field model of deduplication that captures these relational dependencies, and then employ a novel relational partitioning algorithm to jointly deduplicate records. For two citation matching datasets, we show that collectively deduplicating paper and venue records results in up to a 30% error reduction in venue deduplication, and up to a 20% error reduction in paper deduplication.	Joint deduplication of multiple record types in relational data	NA:NA	2018
Jie Lian:Lei Chen:Kshirasagar Naik:M. Tamer Özsu:G. Agnew	In this paper, we propose a novel energy-efficient approach, a localized routing tree (LRT) coupled with a route redirection (RR) strategy, to support various types of queries. LRTs take care of the sensors near the sink and reduce the energy consumption of these sensors, and RR reduces the energy cost of data receptions. Compared to the existing approaches, simulation studies show that LRT together with RR has significant improvement on the query capacity.	Localized routing trees for query processing in sensor networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ming-Wen Wang:Jian-Yun Nie:Xue-Qiang Zeng	Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI) has been successfully applied to information retrieval and text classification. However, when LSI is used in classification, some important features for small classes may be ignored because of their small feature values. To solve this problem, we propose the latent semantic classification (LSC) model which extends the LSI model in the following way: the classification information of the training documents is introduced into the latent semantic structure via a second set of latent variables, so that both indexing and classification information can be taken into account during the classification process. Our experiments on Reuters show that our new model performs better than the existing classification methods such as kNN and SVM.	A latent semantic classification model	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fang Xiong:Qiong Luo:Dyce Jing Zhao	We investigate how to support ranked keyword search in a Parallel Search Cluster Network, which is a newly proposed peer-to-peer network overlay. In particular, we study how to efficiently acquire and distribute the global information required by ranked keyword search by taking advantage of the architectural features of PSCNs.	Supporting ranked search in parallel search cluster networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tadahiko Kumamoto:Katsumi Tanaka	NA	Web opinion poll: extracting people's view by impression mining from the web	NA:NA	2018
Libo Chen:Peter Fankhauser:Ulrich Thiel:Thomas Kamps	Statistical relationship determination among terms is one of the key issues in automatic thesaurus construction. We systematically analyze existing relevant approaches based on their underlying probabilistic assumptions, and propose a combined approach that overcomes their limitations.	Statistical relationship determination in automatic thesaurus construction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rafael Alonso:Hua Li	Intelligence analysis can be aided and guided by models of the analysts' interests and priorities. This paper describes our approach to analyst modeling as part of the Ant CAFÉ project, in which analyst models are used to guide the searching behavior of a swarm of intelligent agents. Structural elements of our analyst model include concepts and relations, both of which help to capture the analyst's current interest and concerns. In addition, the concepts and relationships have associated scalar parameters to provide a quantitative measure of the user's level of interest. We have developed algorithms for dynamically adapting the weights and evolving the elements of the model itself. To evaluate these algorithms we have built an Analyst Modeling Environment workbench. We have tested our approach on this workbench using traces generated by human analysts, and have demonstrated improvements over current state of the art search engines.	Model-guided information discovery for intelligence analysis	NA:NA	2018
Giridhar Kumaran:Rosie Jones:Omid Madani	Depending on a web searcher's familiarity with a query's target topic, it may be more appropriate to show her introductory or advanced documents. The TREC HARD [1] track defined topic familiarity as meta-data associated with a user's query. We instead define a user-independent and query-independent model of topic-familiarity required to read a document, so it can be matched to a given user in response to a query. An introductory web page is defined as A web page that doesn't presuppose any background knowledge of the topic it is on, and to an extent introduces or defines the key terms in the topic. while an advanced web page is defined as A web page that assumes sufficient background knowledge of the topic it is on, and familiarity with the key technical/ important terms in the topic, and potentially builds on them. We develop a method for biasing the initial mix of documents returned by a search engine to increase the number of documents of desired familiarity level up to position 5, and up to position 10. Our method involves building a supervised text classifier, incorporating features based on reading level, the distribution of stop-words in the text, and non-text features such as average line-length. Using this familiarity classifier, we achieve statistically significant improvements at reranking the result set to show introductory documents higher up the ranked list. Our classifier can be seamlessly integrated into current search engine technology without involving any major modifications to existing architectures.	Biasing web search results for topic familiarity	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tao Tao:Xuanhui Wang:Qiaozhu Mei:ChengXiang Zhai	NA	Accurate language model estimation with document expansion	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xin Li:Bing Liu	Although community discovery has been studied extensively in the Web environment, limited research has been done in the case of free text. Co-occurrence of words and entities in sentences and documents usually implies connections among them. In this paper, we investigate the co-occurrences of named entities in text, and mine communities among these entities. We show that identifying communities from free text can be transformed into a graph clustering problem. A hierarchical clustering algorithm is then proposed. Our experiment shows that the algorithm is effective to discover named entity communities from text documents.	Mining community structure of named entities from free text	NA:NA	2018
Mo Chen:Jian-Tao Sun:Hua-Jun Zeng:Kwok-Yan Lam	Keyphrases can be used to facilitate Web users grasping the main topic(s) of a Web page. We present a practical system of automatic keyphrase extraction for Web pages. In this system, a regression model was first trained based on a set of human-labeled documents. Then it was used to extract keyphrases from new pages automatically. This paper makes three contributions. First, the structure information in a Web page was investigated for keyphrase extraction task. Second, the query log data associated with a Web page collected by a search engine server were used to help keyphrase extraction. Third, a method was put forward in this paper in order to evaluate the similarity of phrases.	A practical system of keyphrase extraction for web pages	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tak-chung Fu:Fu-lai Chung:Pui-ying Tang:Robert Luk:Chak-man Ng	SB-Tree is a binary tree data structure proposed to represent time series according to the importance of data points. Its use in stock data management is distinguished by preserving the critical data points' attribute values, retrieving time series data according to the importance of data points and facilitating multi-resolution time series retrieval. As new stock data are available continuously, an effective updating mechanism for SB-Tree is needed. In this paper, a study of different updating approaches is reported. Three families of updating methods are proposed. They are periodic rebuild, batch update and point-by-point update. Their efficiency, effectiveness and characteristics are compared and reported.	Incremental stock time series data delivery and visualization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Razvan Stefan Bot:Yi-fang Brook Wu:Xin Chen:Quanzhi Li	This paper presents a hybrid concept hierarchy development technique for web returned documents retrieved by a meta-search engine. The aim of the technique is to separate the initial retrieved documents into topical oriented categories, prior to the actual concept hierarchy generation. The topical categories correspond to different semantic aspects of the query. This is done using a 1-of-n automatic document classification, on the initial set of returned documents. Then, an individual topical concept hierarchy is automatically generated inside each of the resulted categories. Both steps are executed on the fly at retrieval time. Due to the efficiency constraints imposed by the web retrieval context, the algorithm only uses document snippets (rather than full web pages) for both document classification and concept hierarchy generation. Experimental results show that the algorithm is able to improve the quality of the concept hierarchy presented to the searcher; at the same time, the efficiency parameters are kept within reasonable intervals.	Generating better concept hierarchies using automatic document classification	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi-fang Brook Wu:Quanzhi Li:Razvan Stefan Bot:Xin Chen	Document keyphrases provide semantic metadata characterizing documents and producing an overview of the content of a document. They can be used in many text-mining and knowledge management related applications. This paper describes a Keyphrase Identification Program (KIP), which extracts document keyphrases by using prior positive samples of human identified domain keyphrases to assign weights to the candidate keyphrases. The logic of our algorithm is: the more keywords a candidate keyphrase contains and the more significant these keywords are, the more likely this candidate phrase is a keyphrase. To obtain prior positive inputs, KIP first populates its glossary database using manually identified keyphrases and keywords. It then checks the composition of all noun phrases of a document, looks up the database and calculates scores for all these noun phrases. The ones having higher scores will be extracted as keyphrases.	Domain-specific keyphrase extraction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jyh-haw Yeh	The time-bound hierarchical key assignment problem is to assign time sensitive keys to security classes in a partially ordered hierarchy so that legal data accesses among classes can be enforced. Two time-bound hierarchical key assignment schemes have been proposed in the literature, but both of them were proved insecure against collusive attacks. In this paper, we will propose an RSA-based time-bound hierarchical key assignment scheme and describe its possible application. The security analysis shows that the new scheme is safe against the collusive attacks.	An RSA-based time-bound hierarchical key assignment scheme for electronic article subscription	NA	2018
Bruno Pôssas:Nivio Ziviani:Berthier Ribeiro-Neto:Wagner Meira, Jr.	Search engines process queries conjunctively to restrict the size of the answer set. Further, it is not rare to observe a mismatch between the vocabulary used in the text of Web pages and the terms used to compose the Web queries. The combination of these two features might lead to irrelevant query results, particularly in the case of more specific queries composed of three or more terms. To deal with this problem we propose a new technique for automatically structuring Web queries as a set of smaller subqueries. To select representative subqueries we use information on their distributions in the document collection. This can be adequately modeled using the concept of maximal termsets derived from the formalism of association rules theory. Experimentation shows that our technique leads to improved results. For the TREC-8 test collection, for instance, our technique led to gains in average precision of roughly 28% with regard to a BM25 ranking formula.	Maximal termsets as a query structuring mechanism	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jing Jiang:ChengXiang Zhai	In this paper, we present a principled method for accurately extracting coherent relevant passages of variable lengths using HMMs. We show that with appropriate parameter estimation, the HMM method outperforms a number of strong baseline methods on two data sets.	Accurately extracting coherent relevant passages using hidden Markov models	NA:NA	2018
Georgina Ramírez:Thijs Westerveld:Arjen P. de Vries	The structural features of XML components are an extra source of information that should be used in a content-oriented retrieval task on this type of documents. In this paper we explore one of the structural features from the INEX collection [1] that could be used in content-oriented search. We analyse the gain this knowledge could add to the performance of an information retrieval system and present a first approach on how this structural information could be extracted from a relevance feedback process to be used as priors in a language modelling framework.	Structural features in content oriented XML retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yanjun Li:Soon M. Chung	In this paper, we propose a new text clustering algorithm, named Clustering based on Frequent Word Sequences (CFWS). A word sequence is frequent if it occurs in more than certain percentage of the documents in the text database. In the past, the vector space model was commonly used for information retrieval, but it treats documents as bags of words, ignoring the sequential pattern of word occurrences in the documents. However, the meaning of natural languages strongly depends on the word sequences, and the frequent word sequences can provide compact and valuable information about the text database. Bisecting k-means and FIHC algorithms are evaluated on the performance of text clustering, and are compared with the proposed CFWS algorithm. It has been shown that CFWS has much better performance.	Text document clustering based on frequent word sequences	NA:NA	2018
Henrik Nottelmann:Umberto Straccia	Schema matching is the problem of finding correspondences (mapping rules, e.g. logical formulae) between heterogeneous schemas. This paper presents a probabilistic framework, called sPLMap, for automatically learning schema mapping rules. Similar to LSD, different techniques, mostly from the IR field, are combined.Our approach, however, is also able to give a probabilistic interpretation of the prediction weights of the candidates, and to select the rule set with highest matching probability.	Information retrieval and machine learning for probabilistic schema matching	NA:NA	2018
Massih R. Amini:Anastasios Tombros:Nicolas Usunier:Mounia Lalmas:Patrick Gallinari	Documents formatted in eXtensible Markup Language (XML) are becoming increasingly available in collections of various document types. In this paper, we present an approach for the summarisation of XML documents. The novelty of this approach lies in that it is based on features not only from the content of documents, but also from their logical structure. We follow a machine learning like, sentence extraction-based summarisation technique. To find which features are more effective for producing summaries this approach views sentence extraction as an ordering task. We evaluated our summarisation model using the INEX dataset. The results demonstrate that the inclusion of features from the logical structure of documents increases the effectiveness of the summariser, and that the learnable system is also effective and well-suited to the task of summarisation in the context of XML documents.	Learning to summarise XML documents using content and structure	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jianshu Weng:Chunyan Miao:Angela Goh:Dongtao Li	NA	Trust-based collaborative filtering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaojun Wan:Yuxin Peng	Different words are usually assumed to be semantically independent in most existing similarity measures, which is not often true in practice. The semantic relatedness between words cannot be conveniently employed in the existing measures. We propose a novel similarity measure based on the earth mover's distance (EMD). In the proposed measure, the semantic distances between words are computed based on the electronic lexical database-WordNet and then the EMD is employed to calculate the document similarity with a many-to-many matching between words. Experiments and results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed similarity measure.	The earth mover's distance as a semantic measure for document similarity	NA:NA	2018
Xiangye Xiao:Qiong Luo:Dan Hong:Hongbo Fu	We propose a new Web page transformation method for browsing on mobile devices with small displays. In our approach, an original web page that does not fit into the screen is transformed into a set of pages, each of which fits into the screen. This transformation is done through slicing the original page. The resulting set of transformed pages form a multi-level tree structure, called a slicing*-tree, in which an internal node consists of a thumbnail image with hyperlinks and a leaf node is a block from the original web page. Our slicing*-tree based Web page transformation eases Web browsing on small displays by providing screen-fitting visual context and reducing page scrolling effort.	Slicing*-tree based web page transformation for small displays	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ronan Cummins:Colm O'Riordan	This paper presents an evaluation of evolved term-weighting schemes on short, medium and long TREC queries. A previously evolved global (collection-wide) term-weighting scheme is evaluated on unseen TREC data and is shown to increase mean average precision over idf. A local (within-document) evolved term-weighting scheme is presented which is dependent on the best performing global scheme. The full evolved scheme (i.e. the combined local and global scheme) is compared to both the BM25 scheme and the Pivoted Normalisation scheme.Our results show that the local evolved solution does not perform well on some collections due to its document normalisation properties and we conclude that Okapi-tf can be tuned to interact effectively with the evolved global weighting scheme presented and increase mean average precision over the standard BM25 scheme.	An evaluation of evolved term-weighting schemes in information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Jaap Kamps	We investigate language models for informational and navigational web search. Retrieval on the web is a task that differs substantially from ordinary ad hoc retrieval. We perform an analysis of prior probability of relevance for a wide range of non-content features, shedding further light on the importance of non-content features for web retrieval. This directly explains the success or failure of various techniques, e.g., why the link topology is particularly helpful to single out important sites. Language models can naturally incorporate multiple document representations, as well as non-content information. For the former, we employ mixture language models based on document full-text, incoming anchor-text, and document titles. For the latter, we study a range of priors based on document length, URL structure, and link topology. We look at three types of topics--distillation, home page, and named page--as well as for a mixed query set. We find that the mixture models lead to considerable improvement of retrieval effectiveness for all topic types. The web-centric priors generally lead to further improvement of retrieval effectiveness.	Web-centric language models	NA	2018
Huyen-Trang Vu:Patrick Gallinari	This paper presents a new pooling method for constructing the assessment sets used in the evaluation of retrieval systems. Our proposal is based on RankBoost, a machine learning voting algorithm. It leads to smaller pools than classical pooling and thus reduces the manual assessment workload for building test collections. Experimental results obtained on an XML document collection demonstrate the effectiveness of the approach according to different evaluation criteria.	Using RankBoost to compare retrieval systems	NA:NA	2018
Chavdar Botev:Nadav Eiron:Marcus Fontoura:Ning Li:Eugene Shekita	Maintaining strict static score order of inverted lists is a heuristic used by search engines to improve the quality of query results when the entire inverted lists cannot be processed. This heuristic, however, increases the cost of index generation and requires complex index build algorithms. In this paper, we study a new index organization based on static score bucketing. We show that this new technique significantly improves in index build performance while having minimal impact on the quality of search results.	Static score bucketing in inverted indexes	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ying Feng:Divyakant Agrawal:Amr El Abbadi:Ambuj Singh	Top-k preference queries with multiple attributes are critical for decision-making applications. Previous research has concentrated on improving the computational efficiency mainly by using novel index structures and search strategies. Since current applications need to scale to terabytes of data and thousands of users, performance of such systems is strongly impacted by the amount of available memory. This paper proposes a scalable approach for memory-bounded top-k query processing.	Scalable ranking for preference queries	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaoyong Liu:W. Bruce Croft:Matthew Koll	NA	Finding experts in community-based question-answering services	NA:NA:NA	2018
Stefan Büttcher:Charles L. A. Clarke	We examine issues in the design of fully dynamic information retrieval systems supporting both document insertions and deletions. The two main components of such a system, index maintenance and query processing, affect each other, as high query performance is usually paid for by additional work during update operations. Two aspects of the system -- incremental updates and garbage collection for delayed document deletions -- are discussed, with a focus on the respective indexing vs. query performance trade-offs. Depending on the relative number of queries and update operations, different strategies lead to optimal overall performance.	Indexing time vs. query time: trade-offs in dynamic information retrieval systems	NA:NA	2018
Egidio Terra:Robert Warren	NA	Poison pills: harmful relevant documents in feedback	NA:NA	2018
Dmitri Roussinov:Weiguo Fan:Fernando A. Das Neves	We have designed a representation scheme, which is based on the discrete representation of a document ranking function, which is capable of reproducing and enhancing the properties of such popular ranking functions as tf.idf, BM25 or those based on language models. Our tests have demonstrated the capability of our approach to achieve the performance of the best known scoring functions solely through training, without using any known heuristic or analytic formulas.	Discretization based learning approach to information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dmitri Roussinov:Weiguo Fan:Fernando A. Das Neves	We present the architecture of our web question answering (fact seeking) system and introduce a novel algorithm to validate semantic categories of the expected answers. When tested on the questions used by the prior research, our system demonstrated the performance comparable to the current state of the art systems. Our semantic verification algorithm has improved the accuracy of answers of the affected questions by 30%.	Semantic verification for fact seeking engines	NA:NA:NA	2018
Min-Yen Kan:Hoang Oanh Nguyen Thi	We demonstrate the usefulness of the uniform resource locator (URL) alone in performing web page classification. This approach is faster than typical web page classification, as the pages do not have to be fetched and analyzed. Our approach segments the URL into meaningful chunks and adds component, sequential and orthographic features to model salient patterns. The resulting features are used in supervised maximum entropy modeling. We analyze our approach's effectiveness on two standardized domains. Our results show that in certain scenarios, URL-based methods approach the performance of current state-of-the-art full-text and link-based methods.	Fast webpage classification using URL features	NA:NA	2018
Pierre-Alain Laur:Richard Nock:Jean-Emile Symphor:Pascal Poncelet	In this paper, we devise a method for the estimation of the true support of itemsets on data streams, with the objective to maximize one chosen criterion among {precision, recall} while ensuring a degradation as reduced as possible for the other criterion. We discuss the strengths, weaknesses and range of applicability of this method that relies on conventional uniform convergence results, yet guarantees statistical optimality from different standpoints.	On the estimation of frequent itemsets for data streams: theory and experiments	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rohini K. Srihari:Sudarshan Lamkhede:Anmol Bhasin	Information generated by multiple authors working independently at different times when analyzed synergistically reveals more information than apparent. For example, a traditional search for connections between the trucking industry and Iraqi banks may not produce any documents mentioning both. However, a search that follows trails of associations across documents may suggest a connection between an auto parts manufacturer who exports to Iraq, and an Iraqi bank providing loans to buy cars. The work described here extends link analysis based on named entities and labeled relationships to general concepts and unnamed associations. Unapparent Information Revelation involves finding chains connecting concepts across documents: it uses a new representation formalism called Concept Chain Graphs.	Unapparent information revelation: a concept chain graph approach	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yun Zhou:W. Bruce Croft	The quality of document content, which is an issue that is usually ignored for the traditional ad hoc retrieval task, is a critical issue for Web search. Web pages have a huge variation in quality relative to, for example, newswire articles. To address this problem, we propose a document quality language model approach that is incorporated into the basic query likelihood retrieval model in the form of a prior probability. Our results demonstrate that, on average, the new model is significantly better than the baseline (query likelihood model) in terms of precision at the top ranks.	Document quality models for web ad hoc retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Bo Yang:Ali R. Hurson	Mobile ad hoc networks have multiple limitations in performing similarity-based nearest neighbor search - dynamic topology, frequent disconnections, limited power, and restricted bandwidth. Cooperative caching is an effective technique to reduce network traffic and increase accessibility. In this paper, we propose to solve the k-nearest-neighbor search problem in ad hoc networks using a semantic-based caching scheme which reflects the content distribution in the network. The proposed scheme describes the semantic similarity among data objects using constraints, and employs cooperative caching to estimate the content distribution in the network. The query resolution based on the cooperative caching scheme is non-flooding and hierarchy-free.	Cooperative caching for k-NN search in ad hoc networks	NA:NA	2018
Ricardo da S. Torres:Alexandre X. Falcão:Baoping Zhang:Weiguo Fan:Edward A. Fox:Marcos André Gonçalves:Pavel Calado	In this paper, we propose a novel framework using Genetic Programming to combine image database descriptors for content-based image retrieval (CBIR). Our framework is validated through several experiments involving two image databases and specific domains, where the images are retrieved based on the shape of their objects.	A new framework to combine descriptors for content-based image retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ganesh Ramakrishnan:Deepa Paranjpe:Byron Dom	This paper presents a framework called Structure Sensitive CATegorization(SSCAT), that exploits document structure for improved categorization. There are two parts to this framework, viz. (1) Documents often have layout structure, such that logically coherent text is grouped together into fields using some mark-up language. We use a log-linear model, which associates one or more features with each field. Weights associated with the field features are learnt from training data and these weights quantify the per-class importance of the field features in determining the category for the document. (2) We employ a technique that exploits the parse tree of fields that are phrasal constructs, such as title and associates weights with words in these constructs while boosting weights of important words called focus words. These weights are learnt from example instances of phrasal constructs, marked with the corresponding focus words. The learning is accomplished by training a classifier that uses linguistic features obtained from the text's parse structure. The weighted words, in fields with phrasal constructs, are used in obtaining features for the corresponding fields in the overall framework. SSCAT was tested on the supervised categorization task of over one million products from Yahoo!'s on-line shopping data. With an accuracy of over 90%, our classifier outperforms Naive Bayes and Support Vector Machines. This not only shows the effectiveness of SSCAT but also strengthens our belief that linguistic features based on natural language structure can improve tasks such as text categorization.	A structure-sensitive framework for text categorization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hans-Peter Kriegel:Martin Pfeifle	Clustering has become an increasingly important task in modern application domains where the data are originally located at different sites. In order to create a central clustering, all clients have to transmit their data to a central server. Due to technical limitations and security aspects, at the central site often only vague object descriptions are available. The server then has to carry out the clustering based on vague and uncertain data. In a recent paper, an approach for clustering uncertain data was proposed based on the concept of medoid clusterings. The idea of this approach is to create first several sample clusterings. Then based on suitable distance functions between clusterings the most average clustering, i.e. the medoid clustering, was determined. In this paper, we extend this approach for partitioning clustering algorithms and propose to compute a centroid clustering based on these input sample clusterings. These centroid clusterings are new artificial clusterings which minimize the distance to all the sample clusterings.	Efficient and effective server-sided distributed clustering	NA:NA	2018
Riadh Ben Messaoud:Omar Boussaid:Sabine Loudcher Rabaséda	In the OLAP context, exploration of huge and sparse data cubes is a tedious task that does not always lead to efficient results. We propose to use a Multiple Correspondence Analysis (MCA) in order to enhance data cube representations and make them more suitable for visualization and thus, easier to analyze. We also provide an original quality criterion to measure the relevance of the obtained data representations. Experimental results we led on real data samples have shown the interest and the efficiency of our approach.	Evaluation of a MCA-based approach to organize data cubes	NA:NA:NA	2018
Francisco M. Couto:Mário J. Silva:Pedro M. Coutinho	Many bioinformatics applications would benefit from comparing proteins based on their biological role rather than their sequence. In most biological databases, proteins are already annotated with ontology terms. Previous studies identified a correlation between the sequence similarity and the semantic similarity of proteins. The semantic similarity of proteins was computed from their annotated GO terms. However, proteins sharing a biological role do not necessarily have a similar sequence.This paper introduces our study of the correlation between GO and family similarity. Family similarity overcomes some of the limitations of sequence similarity, thus we obtained a strong correlation between GO and family similarity. Additionally, this paper introduces GraSM, a novel method that uses all the information in the graph structure of the GO, instead of considering it as a hierarchical tree. When calculating the semantic similarity of two concepts, GraSM selects the disjunctive common ancestors rather than only using the most informative common ancestor. GraSM produced a higher family similarity correlation than the original semantic similarity measures.	Semantic similarity over the gene ontology: family correlation and selecting disjunctive ancestors	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nan Liu:Christopher C. Yang	Hierarchical models are commonly used to organize a Website's content. A Website's content structure can be represented by a topic hierarchy, a directed tree rooted at a Website's homepage in which the vertices and edges correspond to Web pages and hyperlinks. In this work, we propose an algorithm for extracting a Website's topic hierarchy from its link structure. The proposed algorithm consists of a construction stage and a refining stage, in which we analyze the semantic relationships between web pages based on link structure, web page content and directory structure. We've done extensive experiments using different Websites and obtained very promising results.	Extracting a website's content structure from its link structure	NA:NA	2018
Kun-Ta Chuang:Ming-Syan Chen	We explore in this paper a practicably interesting mining task to retrieve frequent itemsets with memory constraint. As opposed to most previous works that concentrate on improving the mining efficiency or on reducing the memory size by best effort, we first attempt to constrain the upper memory size that can be utilized by mining frequent itemsets in this paper.	Frequent pattern discovery with memory constraint	NA:NA	2018
Christoph Mangold:Holger Schwarz:Bernhard Mitschang	Information in enterprises comes in documents and data bases. From a semantic viewpoint, both kinds of information are usually tightly connected. In this paper, we propose to enhance common search-engines with contextual information retrieved from databases. We establish system requirements and anecdotally demonstrate how documents and database information can be represented as the nodes of a graph. Then, we give an example how we exploit this graph information for document retrieval.	Improving intranet search-engines using context information from databases	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yiqun Huang:Zhengding Lu:Heping Hu	Privacy preserving distributed data mining has become a promising research area. This paper addresses the problem of association rule mining where the global database is vertically partitioned. When transactions are distributed in different sites, scalar product is a feasible tool to discover frequent itemsets. We present a new protocol to compute scalar product between two parties with a permutation approach. We analyze the protocol in detail and demonstrate its effectiveness and high privacy properties, and compare it to other published protocols.	A new permutation approach for distributed association rule mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nazli Goharian:Ling Ma	We focus on detecting insider access violations to off-topic documents. Previously, we utilized information retrieval techniques, e.g., clustering and relevance feedback, to warn of potential misuse. For the relevance feedback approach, we minimize the indicative features needed for detection using data mining techniques. We show that the derived reduced feature subset achieves equivalent performance to that of the previously derived full set of features.	On off-topic access detection in information systems	NA:NA	2018
Hui Xiong:Michael Steinbach:Vipin Kumar	In multi-relational databases, a view, which is a context- and content-dependent subset of one or more tables (or other views), is often used to preserve privacy by hiding sensitive information. However, recent developments in data mining present a new challenge for database security even when traditional database security techniques, such as database access control, are employed. This paper presents a data mining framework using semi-supervised learning that demonstrates the potential for privacy leakage in multi-relational databases. Many different types of semi-supervised learning techniques, such as the K-nearest neighbor (KNN) method, can be used to demonstrate privacy leakage. However, we also introduce a new approach to semi-supervised learning, hyperclique pattern based semi-supervised learning (HPSL), which differs from traditional semi-supervised learning approaches in that it considers the similarity among groups of objects instead of only pairs of objects. Our experimental results show that both the KNN and HPSL methods have the ability to compromise database security, although HPSL is better at this privacy violation than the KNN method.	Privacy leakage in multi-relational databases via pattern based semi-supervised learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yingbo Miao:Vlado Kešelj:Evangelos Milios	We propose a novel method for document clustering using character N-grams. In the traditional vector-space model, the documents are represented as vectors, in which each dimension corresponds to a word. We propose a document representation based on the most frequent character N-grams, with window size of up to 10 characters. We derive a new distance measure, which produces uniformly better results when compared to the word-based and term-based methods. The result becomes more significant in the light of the robustness of the N-gram method with no language-dependent preprocessing. Experiments on the performance of a clustering algorithm on a variety of test document corpora demonstrate that the N-gram representation with n=3 outperforms both word and term representations. The comparison between word and term representations depends on the data set and the selected dimensionality.	Document clustering using character N-grams: a comparative evaluation with term-based and word-based clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
David Grangier:Samy Bengio	Assessing semantic similarity between text documents is a crucial aspect in Information Retrieval systems. In this work, we propose to use hyperlink information to derive a similarity measure that can then be applied to compare any text documents, with or without hyperlinks. As linked documents are generally semantically closer than unlinked documents, we use a training corpus with hyperlinks to infer a function a,b → sim(a,b) that assigns a higher value to linked documents than to unlinked ones. Two sets of experiments on different corpora show that this function compares favorably with OKAPI matching on document retrieval tasks.	Inferring document similarity from hyperlinks	NA:NA	2018
Moshe Fresko:Binyamin Rosenfeld:Ronen Feldman	This paper describes a framework for defining domain specific Feature Functions in a user friendly form to be used in a Maximum Entropy Markov Model (MEMM) for the Named Entity Recognition (NER) task. Our system called MERGE allows defining general Feature Function Templates, as well as Linguistic Rules incorporated into the classifier. The simple way of translating these rules into specific feature functions are shown. We show that MERGE can perform better from both purely machine learning based systems and purely-knowledge based approaches by some small expert interaction of rule-tuning.	A hybrid approach to NER by MEMM and manual rules	NA:NA:NA	2018
Martin Lorenz:Jan D. Gehrke:Hagen Langer:Ingo J. Timm:Joachim Hammer	We present a novel approach to enable decision-making in a highly distributed multiagent environment where individual agents need to act in an autonomous fashion. Our architecture framework integrates risk management, knowledge management, and agent deliberation to enable sophisticated, autonomous decision-making. Instead of a centralized knowledge repository, our approach supports a highly distributed knowledge base in which each agent manages a fraction of the knowledge needed by the entire system.	Situation-aware risk management in autonomous agents	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Carlo A. Curino:Yuanyuan Jia:Bruce Lambert:Patricia M. West:Clement Yu	We consider the problem of finding officially unrecognized side effects of drugs. By submitting queries to the Web involving a given drug name, it is possible to retrieve pages concerning the drug. However, many retrieved pages are irrelevant and some relevant pages are not retrieved. More relevant pages can be obtained by adding the active ingredient of the drug to the query. In order to eliminate irrelevant pages, we propose a machine learning process to filter out the undesirable pages. The process is shown experimentally to be very effective. Since obtaining training data for the machine learning process can be time consuming and expensive, we provide an automatic method to generate the training data. The method is also shown to be very accurate. The side effects of three drugs which are not recognized by FDA are validated by an expert. We believe that the same approach can be applied to many real life problems and will yield high precision. Thus, this could lead a new way to perform retrieval with high accuracy.	Mining officially unrecognized side effects of drugs by combining web search and machine learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Paul-Alexandru Chirita:Jörg Diederich:Wolfgang Nejdl	Can we use social networks to combat spam? This paper investigates the feasibility of MailRank, a new email ranking and classification scheme exploiting the social communication network created via email interactions. The underlying email network data is collected from the email contacts of all MailRank users and updated automatically based on their email activities to achieve an easy maintenance. MailRank is used to rate the sender address of arriving emails such that emails from trustworthy senders can be ranked and classified as spam or non-spam. The paper presents two variants: Basic MailRank computes a global reputation score for each email address, whereas in Personalized MailRank the score of each email address is different for each MailRank user. The evaluation shows that MailRank is highly resistant against spammer attacks, which obviously have to be considered right from the beginning in such an application scenario. MailRank also performs well even for rather sparse networks, i.e., where only a small set of peers actually take part in the ranking of email addresses.	MailRank: using ranking for spam detection	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kai Simon:Georg Lausen	In this paper we address the problem of unsupervised Web data extraction. We show that unsupervised Web data extraction becomes feasible when supposing pages that are made up of repetitive patterns, as it is the case, e.g., for search engine result pages. Hereby the extraction rules are generated automatically without any training or human interaction, by means of operating on the DOM tree respectively the flat tag token sequence of a single page.Our contribution to automatic data extraction through this paper is twofold. First, we identify and rank potential repetitive patterns with respect to the user's visual perception of the Web page, well aware that location and size of matching elements within a Web page constitute important criteria for defining relevance. Second, matching sub-sequences of the pattern with the highest weightiness are aligned with global multiple sequence alignment techniques. Experimental results show that our system is able to achieve high accuracy in distilling and aligning regularly structured objects inside complex Web pages.	ViPER: augmenting automatic information extraction with visual perceptions	NA:NA	2018
Sara Cohen:Yaron Kanza:Benny Kimelfeld:Yehoshua Sagiv	A framework for describing semantic relationships among nodes in XML documents is presented. In contrast to earlier work, the XML documents may have ID references (i.e., they correspond to graphs and not just trees). A specific interconnection semantics in this framework can be defined explicitly or derived automatically. The main advantage of interconnection semantics is the ability to pose queries on XML data in the style of keyword search. Several methods for automatically deriving interconnection semantics are presented. The complexity of the evaluation and the satisfiability problems under the derived semantics is analyzed. For many important cases, the complexity is tractable and hence, the proposed interconnection semantics can be efficiently applied to real-world XML documents.	Interconnection semantics for keyword search in XML	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
K. Hima Prasad:P. Sreenivasa Kumar	With the advent of XML as the new standard for information representation and exchange, indexing and querying of XML data is of major concern. In this paper, we propose a method for representing an XML document as a sequence based on a variation of Prüfer sequences. We incorporate new components in the node encodings such as level, number of a certain kind of descendants and develop methods for holistic processing of tree pattern queries. The query processing involves converting the query also into a sequence and performing subsequence matching on the document sequence. We establish certain interesting properties of the proposed method of sequencing that give rise to a new efficient pattern matching algorithm. The sequence data is stored in a two level B+-trees to support query processing. We also propose an optimization for parent-child axis to speed up the query processing. Our approach does not require any post-processing and guarantees results that are free of false positives and duplicates. Experimental results show that our system performs significantly better than previous systems in a large number of cases.	Efficient indexing and querying of XML data using modified Prüfer sequences	NA:NA	2018
Prasan Roy:Mukesh Mohania:Bhuvan Bamba:Shree Raman	Faced with growing knowledge management needs, enterprises are increasingly realizing the importance of seamlessly integrating critical business information distributed across both structured and unstructured data sources. In existing information integration solutions, the application needs to formulate the SQL logic to retrieve the needed structured data on one hand, and identify a set of keywords to retrieve the related unstructured data on the other. This paper proposes a novel approach wherein the application specifies its information needs using only a SQL query on the structured data, and this query is automatically ``translated'' into a set of keywords that can be used to retrieve relevant unstructured data. We describe the techniques used for obtaining these keywords from (i) the query result, and (ii) additional related information in the underlying database. We further show that these techniques achieve high accuracy with very reasonable overheads.	Towards automatic association of relevant unstructured content with structured query results	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eugene Agichtein:Silviu Cucerzan	Exploiting lexical and semantic relationships in large unstructured text collections can significantly enhance managing, integrating, and querying information locked in unstructured text. Most notably, named entities and relations between entities are crucial for effective question answering and other information retrieval and knowledge management tasks. Unfortunately, the success in extracting these relationships can vary for different domains, languages, and document collections. Predicting extraction performance is an important step towards scalable and intelligent knowledge management, information retrieval and information integration. We present a general language modeling method for quantifying the difficulty of information extraction tasks. We demonstrate the viability of our approach by predicting performance of real world information extraction tasks, Named Entity recognition and Relation Extraction.	Predicting accuracy of extracting information from unstructured text collections	NA:NA	2018
Qiankun Zhao:Sourav S. Bhowmick:Le Gruenwald	Existing web usage mining techniques focus only on discovering knowledge based on the statistical measures obtained from the static characteristics of web usage data. They do not consider the dynamic nature of web usage data. In this paper, we focus on discovering novel knowledge by analyzing the change patterns of historical web access sequence data. We present an algorithm called W<small>AM</small>-M<small>INER</small> to discover Web Access Motifs (WAMs). WAMs are web access patterns that never change or do not change significantly most of the time (if not always) in terms of their support values during a specific time period. WAMs are useful for many applications, such as intelligent web advertisement, web site restructuring, business intelligence, and intelligent web caching.	WAM-Miner: in the search of web access motifs from historical web log data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Junmei Wang:Wynne Hsu:Mong Li Lee	Mining topological patterns in spatial databases has received a lot of attention. However, existing work typically ignores the temporal aspect and suffers from certain efficiency problems. They are not scalable for mining topological patterns in spatio-temporal databases. In this paper, we study the problem for mining topological patterns by incorporating the temporal aspect in the mining process. We introduce a summary-structure that records the instances' count information of a feature in a region within a time window. Using this structure, we design an algorithm, TopologyMiner, to find interesting topological patterns without the need to generate candidates. Experimental results show that TopologyMiner is effective and scalable in finding topological patterns and outperforms Apriori-like algorithm by a few orders of magnitudes.	A framework for mining topological patterns in spatio-temporal databases	NA:NA:NA	2018
Moninder Singh:Jayant R. Kalagnanam:Sudhir Verma:Amit J. Shah:Swaroop K. Chalasani	The development of an aggregate view of the procurement spend across an enterprise using transactional data is increasingly becoming a very important and strategic activity. Not only does it provide a complete and accurate picture of what the enterprise is buying and from whom, it also allows it to consolidate suppliers, as well as negotiate better prices. The importance, as well as the complexity, of this cleansing exercise is further magnified by the increasing popularity of Business Transformation Outsourcing (BTO) wherein enterprises are turning over non-core activities, such as indirect procurement, to third parties, who now need to develop an integrated view of spend across multiple enterprises in order to optimize procurement and generate maximum savings. However, the creation of such an integrated view of procurement spend requires the creation of a homogeneous data repository from disparate (heterogeneous) data sources across various geographic and functional organizations throughout the enterprise(s). Such repositories get transactional data from various sources such as invoices, purchase orders, account ledgers. As such, the transactions are not cross-indexed, refer to the same suppliers by different names, and use different ways of representing information about the same commodities. Before an aggregated spend view can be developed, this data needs to be cleansed, primarily to normalize the supplier names and correctly map each transaction to the appropriate commodity code. Commodity mapping, in particular, is made more difficult by the fact that it has to be done on the basis of unstructured text descriptions found in the various data sources. We describe an on-demand system to automatically perform this cleansing activity using techniques from information retrieval and machine learning. Built on standard integration and application infrastructure software, this system provides enterprises with a fast, reliable, accurate and on-demand way of cleansing transactional data and generating an integrated view of spend. This system is currently in the process of being deployed by IBM for use in its BTO practice.	Automated cleansing for spend analytics	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eui-Hong (Sam) Han:George Karypis	The explosive growth of the world-wide-web and the emergence of e-commerce has led to the development of recommender systems--a personalized information filtering technology used to identify a set of N items that will be of interest to a certain user. User-based and model-based collaborative filtering are the most successful technology for building recommender systems to date and is extensively used in many commercial recommender systems. The basic assumption in these algorithms is that there are sufficient historical data for measuring similarity between products or users. However, this assumption does not hold in various application domains such as electronics retail, home shopping network, on-line retail where new products are introduced and existing products disappear from the catalog. Another such application domains is home improvement retail industry where a lot of products (such as window treatments, bathroom, kitchen or deck) are custom made. Each product is unique and there are very little duplicate products. In this domain, the probability of the same exact two products bought together is close to zero. In this paper, we discuss the challenges of providing recommendation in the domains where no sufficient historical data exist for measuring similarity between products or users. We present feature-based recommendation algorithms that overcome the limitations of the existing top-n recommendation algorithms. The experimental evaluation of the proposed algorithms in the real life data sets shows a great promise. The pilot project deploying the proposed feature-based recommendation algorithms in the on-line retail web site shows 75% increase in the recommendation revenue for the first 2 month period.	Feature-based recommendation system	NA:NA	2018
Gilad Mishne:David Carmel:Ron Hoory:Alexey Roytman:Aya Soffer	We describe a system for automating call-center analysis and monitoring. Our system integrates transcription of incoming calls with analysis of their content; for the analysis, we introduce a novel method of estimating the domain-specific importance of conversation fragments, based on divergence of corpus statistics. Combining this method with Information Retrieval approaches, we provide knowledge-mining tools both for the call-center agents and for administrators of the center.	Automatic analysis of call-center conversations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hang Li:Yunbo Cao:Jun Xu:Yunhua Hu:Shenjie Li:Dmitriy Meyerzon	This paper is concerned with 'intranet search'. By intranet search, we mean searching for information on an intranet within an organization. We have found that search needs on an intranet can be categorized into types, through an analysis of survey results and an analysis of search log data. The types include searching for definitions, persons, experts, and homepages. Traditional information retrieval only focuses on search of relevant documents, but not on search of special types of information. We propose a new approach to intranet search in which we search for information in each of the special types, in addition to the traditional relevance search. Information extraction technologies can play key roles in such kind of 'search by type' approach, because we must first extract from the documents the necessary information in each type. We have developed an intranet search system called 'Information Desk'. In the system, we try to address the most important types of search first - finding term definitions, homepages of groups or topics, employees' personal information and experts on topics. For each type of search, we use information extraction technologies to extract, fuse, and summarize information in advance. The system is in operation on the intranet of Microsoft and receives accesses from about 500 employees per month. Feedbacks from users and system logs show that users consider the approach useful and the system can really help people to find information. This paper describes the architecture, features, component technologies, and evaluation results of the system.	A new approach to intranet search based on information extraction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Songbo Tan:Xueqi Cheng:Moustafa M. Ghanem:Bin Wang:Hongbo Xu	In this paper we present a novel strategy, DragPushing, for improving the performance of text classifiers. The strategy is generic and takes advantage of training errors to successively refine the classification model of a base classifier. We describe how it is applied to generate two new classification algorithms; a Refined Centroid Classifier and a Refined Naïve Bayes Classifier. We present an extensive experimental evaluation of both algorithms on three English collections and one Chinese corpus. The results indicate that in each case, the refined classifiers achieve significant performance improvement over the base classifiers used. Furthermore, the performance of the Refined Centroid Classifier implemented is comparable, if not better, to that of state-of-the-art support vector machine (SVM)-based classifier, but offers a much lower computational cost.	A novel refinement approach for text categorization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Baoping Zhang:Yuxin Chen:Weiguo Fan:Edward A. Fox:Marcos Gonçalves:Marco Cristo:Pável Calado	This paper shows how citation-based information and structural content (e.g., title, abstract) can be combined to improve classification of text documents into predefined categories. We evaluate different measures of similarity -- five derived from the citation information of the collection, and three derived from the structural content -- and determine how they can be fused to improve classification effectiveness. To discover the best fusion framework, we apply Genetic Programming (GP) techniques. Our experiments with the ACM Computing Classification Scheme, using documents from the ACM Digital Library, indicate that GP can discover similarity functions superior to those based solely on a single type of evidence. Effectiveness of the similarity functions discovered through simple majority voting is better than that of content-based as well as combination-based Support Vector Machine classifiers. Experiments also were conducted to compare the performance between GP techniques and other fusion techniques such as Genetic Algorithms (GA) and linear fusion. Empirical results show that GP was able to discover better similarity functions than GA or other fusion techniques.	Intelligent GP fusion from multiple sources for text classification	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi Ding:Xue Li	Collaborative filtering is regarded as one of the most promising recommendation algorithms. The item-based approaches for collaborative filtering identify the similarity between two items by comparing users' ratings on them. In these approaches, ratings produced at different times are weighted equally. That is to say, changes in user purchase interest are not taken into consideration. For example, an item that was rated recently by a user should have a bigger impact on the prediction of future user behaviour than an item that was rated a long time ago. In this paper, we present a novel algorithm to compute the time weights for different items in a manner that will assign a decreasing weight to old data. More specifically, the users' purchase habits vary. Even the same user has quite different attitudes towards different items. Our proposed algorithm uses clustering to discriminate between different kinds of items. To each item cluster, we trace each user's purchase interest change and introduce a personalized decay factor according to the user own purchase behaviour. Empirical studies have shown that our new algorithm substantially improves the precision of item-based collaborative filtering without introducing higher order computational complexity.	Time weight collaborative filtering	NA:NA	2018
Bin Lin:Jianwen Su	A critical issue in moving object databases is to develop appropriate indexing structures for continuously moving object locations so that queries can still be performed efficiently. However, such location changes typically cause a high volume of updates, which in turn poses serious problems on maintaining index structures. In this paper we propose a Lazy Group Update (LGU) algorithm for disk-based index structures of moving objects. LGU contains two key additional structures to group ``similar'' updates so that they can be performed together: a disk-based insertion buffer (I-Buffer) for each internal node, and a memory-based deletion table (D-Table) for the entire tree. Different strategies of ``pushing down'' an overflow I-Buffer to the next level are studied. Comprehensive empirical studies over uniform and skewed datasets, as well as simulated street traffic data show that LGU achieves a significant improvement on update throughput while allowing a reasonable performance for queries.	Handling frequent updates of moving objects	NA:NA	2018
Changqing Li:Tok Wang Ling	The method of assigning labels to the nodes of the XML tree is called a labeling scheme. Based on the labels only, both ordered and un-ordered queries can be processed without accessing the original XML file. One more important point for the labeling scheme is the label update cost in inserting or deleting a node into or from the XML tree. All the current labeling schemes have high update cost, therefore in this paper we propose a novel quaternary encoding approach for the labeling schemes. Based on this encoding approach, we need not re-label any existing nodes when the update is performed. Extensive experimental results on the XML datasets illustrate that our QED works much better than the existing labeling schemes on the label updates when considering either the number of nodes or the time for re-labeling.	QED: a novel quaternary encoding to completely avoid re-labeling in XML updates	NA:NA	2018
Erwin Leonardi:Sourav S. Bhowmick	Several relational approaches have been proposed to detect the changes to XML documents by using relational databases. These approaches store the XML documents in the relational database and issue SQL queries (whenever appropriate) to detect the changes. All of these relational-based approaches use the schema-oblivious XML storage strategy for detecting the changes. However, there is growing evidence that schema-conscious storage approaches perform significantly better than schema-oblivious approaches as far as XML query processing is concerned. In this paper, we study a relational-based unordered XML change detection technique (called H<small>ELIOS</small>) that uses a schema-conscious approach (Shared-Inlining) as the underlying storage strategy. H<small>ELIOS</small> is up to 52 times faster than X-Diff [7] for large datasets (more than 1000 nodes). It is also up to 6.7 times faster than X<small>ANDY</small> [4]. The result quality of deltas detected by H<small>ELIOS</small> is comparable to the result quality of deltas detected by XANDY.	Detecting changes on unordered XML documents using relational databases: a schema-conscious approach	NA:NA	2018
Donald Metzler:Yaniv Bernstein:W. Bruce Croft:Alistair Moffat:Justin Zobel	Text similarity spans a spectrum, with broad topical similarity near one extreme and document identity at the other. Intermediate levels of similarity -- resulting from summarization, paraphrasing, copying, and stronger forms of topical relevance -- are useful for applications such as information flow analysis and question-answering tasks. In this paper, we explore mechanisms for measuring such intermediate kinds of similarity, focusing on the task of identifying where a particular piece of information originated. We consider both sentence-to-sentence and document-to-document comparison, and have incorporated these algorithms into <small>RECAP</small>, a prototype information flow analysis tool. Our experimental results with <small>RECAP</small> indicate that new mechanisms such as those we propose are likely to be more appropriate than existing methods for identifying the intermediate forms of similarity.	Similarity measures for tracking information flow	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuang Liu:Clement Yu:Weiyi Meng	This paper presents a new approach to determine the senses of words in queries by using WordNet. In our approach, noun phrases in a query are determined first. For each word in the query, information associated with it, including its synonyms, hyponyms, hypernyms, definitions of its synonyms and hyponyms, and its domains, can be used for word sense disambiguation. By comparing these pieces of information associated with the words which form a phrase, it may be possible to assign senses to these words. If the above disambiguation fails, then other query words, if exist, are used, by going through exactly the same process. If the sense of a query word cannot be determined in this manner, then a guess of the sense of the word is made, if the guess has at least 50% chance of being correct. If no sense of the word has 50% or higher chance of being used, then we apply a Web search to assist in the word sense disambiguation process. Experimental results show that our approach has 100% applicability and 90% accuracy on the most recent robust track of TREC collection of 250 queries. We combine this disambiguation algorithm to our retrieval system to examine the effect of word sense disambiguation in text retrieval. Experimental results show that the disambiguation algorithm together with other components of our retrieval system yield a result which is 13.7% above that produced by the same system but without the disambiguation, and 9.2% above that produced by using Lesk's algorithm. Our retrieval effectiveness is 7% better than the best reported result in the literature.	Word sense disambiguation in queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chenyi Xia:Wynne Hsu:Mong Li Lee	The Reverse k-Nearest Neighbors (RkNN) queries are important in profile-based marketing, information retrieval, decision support and data mining systems. However, they are very expensive and existing algorithms are not scalable to queries in high dimensional spaces or of large values of k. This paper describes an efficient estimation-based RkNN search algorithm (ERkNN) which answers RkNN queries based on local kNN-distance estimation methods. The proposed approach utilizes estimation-based filtering strategy to lower the computation cost of RkNN queries. The results of extensive experiments on both synthetic and real life datasets demonstrate that ERkNN algorithm retrieves RkNN efficiently and is scalable with respect to data dimensionality, k, and data size.	ERkNN: efficient reverse k-nearest neighbors retrieval with local kNN-distance estimation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rasmus Kaae:Thanh-Duy Nguyen:Dennis Nørgaard:Albrecht Schmidt	This paper outlines the system architecture and the core data structures of Kalchas, a fulltext search engine for XML data with emphasis on dynamic indexing, and identifies features worth demonstrating. The concept of dynamic index implies that the aim is to re ect the creation of, deletion of, and updates to relevant files in the search index as early as possible. This is achieved by a number of techniques, including ideas drawn from partitioned B-Trees and inverted indices. The actual ranked retrieval of document is implemented with XML-specific query operators for lowest common ancestor queries.A live demonstration will discuss Kalchas' behaviour in typical use cases, such as interactive editing sessions and bulk loading large amounts of static files as well as querying the contents of the indexed files; it tries to clarify both the short-comings and the advantages of the method.	Kalchas: a dynamic XML search engine	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lilian Harada:Yuuji Hotta	In this paper we present our experience in applying Event Analyzer, a processing engine we have developed to extract patterns from a sequence of events, in the checking of medical orders of a CPOE system. We present some extensions we have implemented in Event Analyzer in order to fulfill the needs of those orders checking, as well as some performance evaluation results. We also outline some problems we are facing now to adapt Event Analyzer's pattern detection engine to support streaming orders in an on-line CPOE checking system.	Order checking in a CPOE using event analyzer	NA:NA	2018
Christian Herzog:Gianpiero Liuzzi:Mario Diwersy	In this paper we describe the Knowledge Management approach for the biomedical scientific community developed by SyynX Solutions GmbH [1].	SyynX solutions: practical knowledge management in a medical environment	NA:NA:NA	2018
Henry Kon:Michael Hoey	As more organizations begin to deploy taxonomies for categorization and faceted search, the cost of producing these knowledge models is becoming the largest expense on a project. At a cost of 200 - 300 dollars per topic, manually developing subject area taxonomies does not scale for any but the smallest of projects. This paper will discuss an approach called Orthogonal Corpus Indexing ( OCI ). OCI leverages existing published knowledge in the subject area of the taxonomy model. This knowledge is algorithmically mapped into multiple taxonomies via the OCI algorithm. The resulting taxonomy costs are 1/ 100th of the cost of manual methods and are created with embedded rule sets for categorization engines. This paper will discuss the theory of OCI, its practical use as well as examples of knowledge management techniques that are possible when taxonomies are large, detailed and inexpensive.	Leveraging collective knowledge	NA:NA	2018
Stephen C. Gates:Wilfried Teiken:Keh-Shin F. Cheng	In this paper, we describe a system for the construction of taxonomies which yield high accuracies with automated categorization systems, even on Web and intranet documents. In particular, we describe the way in which measurement of five key features of the system can be used to predict when categories are sufficiently well defined to yield high accuracy categorization. We describe the use of this system to construct a large (8800-category) general-purpose taxonomy and categorization system.	Taxonomies by the numbers: building high-performance taxonomies	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yangbo Zhu:Shaozhi Ye:Xing Li	PageRank has been widely used as a major factor in search engine ranking systems. However, global link graph information is required when computing PageRank, which causes prohibitive communication cost to achieve accurate results in distributed solution. In this paper, we propose a distributed PageRank computation algorithm based on iterative aggregation-disaggregation (IAD) method with Block Jacobi smoothing. The basic idea is divide-and-conquer. We treat each web site as a node to explore the block structure of hyperlinks. Local PageRank is computed by each node itself and then updated with a low communication cost with a coordinator. We prove the global convergence of the Block Jacobi method and then analyze the communication overhead and major advantages of our algorithm. Experiments on three real web graphs show that our method converges 5-7 times faster than the traditional Power method. We believe our work provides an efficient and practical distributed solution for PageRank on large scale Web graphs.	Distributed PageRank computation based on iterative aggregation-disaggregation methods	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wolfgang Müller:Martin Eisenhardt:Andreas Henrich	Much of the present P2P-IR literature is focused on distributed indexing structures. Within this paper, we present an approach based on the replication of peer data summaries via rumor spreading and multicast in a structured overlay.We will describe Rumorama, a P2P framework for similar-ity queries inspired by GlOSS and CORI and their P2P-adaptation, PlanetP. Rumorama achieves a hierarchization of PlanetP-like summary-based P2P-IR networks. In a Rumorama network, each peer views the network as a small PlanetP network with connections to peers that see other small PlanetP networks. One important aspect is that each peer can choose the size of the PlanetP network it wants to see according to its local processing power and bandwidth. Even in this adaptive environment, Rumorama manages to process a query such that the summary of each peer is considered exactly once in a network without churn. However, the actual number of peers to be contacted for a query is a small fraction of the total number of peers in the network.Within this article, we present the Rumorama base protocol, as well as experiments demonstrating the scalability and viability of the approach under churn.	Scalable summary based retrieval in P2P networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao He:Haixun Wang:Jun Yang:Philip S. Yu	Testing reachability between nodes in a graph is a well-known problem with many important applications, including knowledge representation, program analysis, and more recently, biological and ontology databases inferencing as well as XML query processing. Various approaches have been proposed to encode graph reachability information using node labeling schemes, but most existing schemes only work well for specific types of graphs. In this paper, we propose a novel approach, HLSS(Hierarchical Labeling of Sub-Structures), which identifies different types of substructures within a graph and encodes them using techniques suitable to the characteristics of each of them. We implement HLSS with an efficient two-phase algorithm, where the first phase identifies and encodes strongly connected components as well as tree substructures, and the second phase encodes the remaining reachability relationships by compressing dense rectangular submatrices in the transitive closure matrix. For the important subproblem of finding densest submatrices, we demonstrate the hardness of the problem and propose several practical algorithms. Experiments show that HLSS handles different types of graphs well, while existing approaches fall prey to graphs with substructures they are not designed to handle.	Compact reachability labeling for graph-structured data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Catharine M. Wyss:Edward L. Robertson	PIVOT is an important relational operation that allows data in rows to be exchanged for columns. Although most current relational database management systems support PIVOT-type operations, to date a purely formal, algebraic characterization of PIVOT has been lacking. In this paper, we present a characterization in terms of extended relational algebra operators τ (transpose), Π (drop projection), and μ (unique optimal tuple merge). This enables us to (1) draw parallels with PIVOT and existing operators employed in Dynamic Data Mapping Systems (DDMS), (2) formally characterize invertible PIVOT instances, and (3) provide complexity results for PIVOT-type operations. These contributions are an important part of ongoing work on formal models for relational OLAP.	A formal characterization of PIVOT/UNPIVOT	NA:NA	2018
Jianping Fan:Hangzai Luo:Mohand-Said Hacid:Elisa Bertino	To support privacy-preserving video sharing, we have proposed a novel framework that is able to protect the video content privacy at the individual video clip level and prevent statistical inferences from video collections. To protect the video content privacy at the individual video clip level, we have developed an effective algorithm to automatically detect privacy-sensitive video objects and video events. To prevent the statistical inferences from video collections, we have developed a distributed framework for privacy-preserving classifier training, which is able to significantly reduce the costs of data transmission and reliably limit the privacy breaches by determining the optimal size of blurred test samples for classifier validation. Our experiments on a specific domain of patient training and counseling videos show convincing results.	A novel approach for privacy-preserving video sharing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrea Esuli:Fabrizio Sebastiani	Sentiment classification is a recent subdiscipline of text classification which is concerned not with the topic a document is about, but with the opinion it expresses. It has a rich set of applications, ranging from tracking users' opinions about products or about political candidates as expressed in online forums, to customer relationship management. Functional to the extraction of opinions from text is the determination of the orientation of ``subjective'' terms contained in text, i.e. the determination of whether a term that carries opinionated content has a positive or a negative connotation. In this paper we present a new method for determining the orientation of subjective terms. The method is based on the quantitative analysis of the glosses of such terms, i.e. the definitions that these terms are given in on-line dictionaries, and on the use of the resulting term representations for semi-supervised term classification. The method we present outperforms all known methods when tested on the recognized standard benchmarks for this task.	Determining the semantic orientation of terms through gloss classification	NA:NA	2018
Casey Whitelaw:Navendu Garg:Shlomo Argamon	Little work to date in sentiment analysis (classifying texts by `positive' or `negative' orientation) has attempted to use fine-grained semantic distinctions in features used for classification. We present a new method for sentiment classification based on extracting and analyzing appraisal groups such as ``very good'' or ``not terribly funny''. An appraisal group is represented as a set of attribute values in several task-independent semantic taxonomies, based on Appraisal Theory. Semi-automated methods were used to build a lexicon of appraising adjectives and their modifiers. We classify movie reviews using features based upon these taxonomies combined with standard ``bag-of-words'' features, and report state-of-the-art accuracy of 90.2%. In addition, we find that some types of appraisal appear to be more significant for sentiment classification than others.	Using appraisal groups for sentiment analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Elizabeth Sugar Boese:Adele E. Howe	The World Wide Web is a massive corpus that constantly evolves. Classification experiments usually grab a snapshot (temporally and spatially) of the Web for a corpus. In this paper, we examine the effects of page evolution on genre classification of Web pages. Web genre refers to the type of the page characterized by features such as style, form or presentation layout, and meta-content; Web genre can be used to tune spider crawling re-visits and inform relevance judgments for search engines. We found that pages in some genres change rarely if at all and can be used in present-day research experiments without requiring an updated version. We show that an old corpus can be used for training when testing on new Web pages, with only a marginal drop in accuracy rates on genre classification. We also show that features found to be useful in one corpus do not transfer well to other corpora with different genres.	Effects of web document evolution on genre classification	NA:NA	2018
Georgia Koloniari:Yannis Petrakis:Evaggelia Pitoura:Thodoris Tsotsos	Peer-to-peer(p2p) systems over an efficient means of data sharing among a dynamically changing set of a large number of a tonomous nodes.Each node in a p2p system is connected with a small number of other nodes thus creating an overlay network of nodes. A query posed at a node is routed through the overlay network towards nodes hosting data items that satisfy it. In this paper, we consider building overlays that exploit the query workload so that nodes are clustered based on their results to a given query workload. The motivation is to create overlays where nodes that match a large number of similar queries are a fewlinks apart. Query frequency is also taken into account so that popular queries have a greater effect on the formation of the overlay than unpopular ones. We focus on range selection queries and se histograms to estimate the query results of each node. Then, nodes are clustered based on the similarity of their histograms. To this end,we introd ce a workload-aware edit distance metric between histograms that takes into account the query workload. Our experimental results show that workload-aware overlays increase the percentage of query results returned for a given number of nodes visited as compared to both random (i.e., unclustered)overlays and non workload-aware clustered overlays (i.e., overlays that cluster nodes based solely on the nodes' content).	Query workload-aware overlay construction using histograms	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Doron Rotem:Kurt Stockinger:Kesheng Wu	In this paper, we propose a new strategy for optimizing the placement of bin boundaries to minimize the cost of query evaluation using bitmap indices with binning. For attributes with a large number of distinct values, often the most efficient index scheme is a bitmap index with binning. However, this type of index may not be able to fully resolve some user queries. To fully resolve these queries, one has to access parts of the original data to check whether certain candidate records actually satisfy the specified conditions. We call this procedure the candidate check, which usually dominates the total query processing time. Given a set of user queries, we seek to minimize the total time required to an-swer the queries by optimally placing the bin boundaries. We show that our dynamic programming based algorithm can efficiently determine the bin boundaries. We verify our analysis with some real user queries from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey. For queries that require significant amount of time to perform candidate check, using our optimal bin boundaries reduces the candidate check time by a factor of 2 and the total query processing time by 40%.	Optimizing candidate check costs for bitmap indices	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaohui Yu:Calisto Zuzarte:Kenneth C. Sevcik	Accurately and efficiently estimating the number of distinct values for some attribute(s) or sets of attributes in a data set is of critical importance to many database operations, such as query optimization and approximation query answering. Previous work has focused on the estimation of the number of distinct values for a single attribute and most existing work adopts a data sampling approach. This paper addresses the equally important issue of estimating the number of distinct value combinations for multiple attributes which we call COLSCARD (for COLumn Set CARDinality). It also takes a different approach that uses existing statistical information (e.g., histograms) available on the individual attributes to assist estimation. We start with cases where exact frequency information on individual attributes is available, and present a pair of lower and upper bounds on COLSCARD that are consistent with the available information, as well as an estimator of COLSCARD based on probability. We then proceed to study the case where only partial information (in the form of histograms) is available on individual attributes, and show how the proposed estimator can be adapted to this case. We consider two types of widely used histograms and show how they can be constructed in order to obtain optimal approximation. An experimental evaluation of the proposed estimation method on synthetic as well as two real data sets is provided.	Towards estimating the number of distinct value combinations for a set of attributes	NA:NA:NA	2018
Javed A. Aslam:Emine Yilmaz	Average precision and R-precision are two of the most commonly cited measures of overall retrieval performance, but their correlation, though well-known, has defied explanation. We recently devised a geometric interpretation of R-precision which suggests that under a reasonable set of assumptions, R-precision approximates the area under the precision-recall curve, as does average precision, thus explaining their correlation. In this paper, we consider these assumptions and our geometric interpretation of R-precision in order to further understand, and make reasonable use of, the information that R-precision provides. Given our geometric interpretation of R-precision, we show that R-precision is highly informative by demonstrating that it can be used to (1) accurately infer precision-recall curves, (2) accurately infer other measures of retrieval performance, and (3) devise new measures of retrieval performance. Through our analysis, we also state the conditions under which R-precision is informative.	A geometric interpretation and analysis of R-precision	NA:NA	2018
Fernando Diaz	The cluster hypothesis states: closely related documents tend to be relevant to the same request. We exploit this hypothesis directly by adjusting ad hoc retrieval scores from an initial retrieval so that topically related documents receive similar scores. We refer to this process as score regularization. Score regularization can be presented as an optimization problem, allowing the use of results from semi-supervised learning. We demonstrate that regularized scores consistently and significantly rank documents better than unregularized scores, given a variety of initial retrieval algorithms. We evaluate our method on two large corpora across a substantial number of topics.	Regularizing ad hoc retrieval scores	NA	2018
Ben Carterette:James Allan	Corpora and topics are readily available for information retrieval research. Relevance judgments, which are necessary for system evaluation, are expensive; the cost of obtaining them prohibits in-house evaluation of retrieval systems on new corpora or new topics. We present an algorithm for cheaply constructing sets of relevance judgments. Our method intelligently selects documents to be judged and decides when to stop in such a way that with very little work there can be a high degree of confidence in the result of the evaluation. We demonstrate the algorithm's effectiveness by showing that it produces small sets of relevance judgments that reliably discriminate between two systems. The algorithm can be used to incrementally design retrieval systems by simultaneously comparing sets of systems. The number of additional judgments needed after each incremental design change decreases at a rate reciprocal to the number of systems being compared. To demonstrate the effectiveness of our method, we evaluate TREC ad hoc submissions, showing that with 95% fewer relevance judgments we can reach a Kendall's tau rank correlation of at least 0.9.	Incremental test collections	NA:NA	2018
Jing Bai:Dawei Song:Peter Bruza:Jian-Yun Nie:Guihong Cao	Language Modeling (LM) has been successfully applied to Information Retrieval (IR). However, most of the existing LM approaches only rely on term occurrences in documents, queries and document collections. In traditional unigram based models, terms (or words) are usually considered to be independent. In some recent studies, dependence models have been proposed to incorporate term relationships into LM, so that links can be created between words in the same sentence, and term relationships (e.g. synonymy) can be used to expand the document model. In this study, we further extend this family of dependence models in the following two ways: (1) Term relationships are used to expand query model instead of document model, so that query expansion process can be naturally implemented; (2) We exploit more sophisticated inferential relationships extracted with Information Flow (IF). Information flow relationships are not simply pairwise term relationships as those used in previous studies, but are between a set of terms and another term. They allow for context-dependent query expansion. Our experiments conducted on TREC collections show that we can obtain large and significant improvements with our approach. This study shows that LM is an appropriate framework to implement effective query expansion.	Query expansion using term relationships in language models for information retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bruno M. Fonseca:Paulo Golgher:Bruno Pôssas:Berthier Ribeiro-Neto:Nivio Ziviani	Despite the recent advances in search quality, the fast increase in the size of the Web collection has introduced new challenges for Web ranking algorithms. In fact, there are still many situations in which the users are presented with imprecise or very poor results. One of the key difficulties is the fact that users usually submit very short and ambiguous queries, and they do not fully specify their information needs. That is, it is necessary to improve the query formation process if better answers are to be provided. In this work we propose a novel concept-based query expansion technique, which allows disambiguating queries submitted to search engines. The concepts are extracted by analyzing and locating cycles in a special type of query relations graph. This is a directed graph built from query relations mined using association rules. The concepts related to the current query are then shown to the user who selects the one concept that he interprets is most related to his query. This concept is used to expand the original query and the expanded query is processed instead. Using a Web test collection, we show that our approach leads to gains in average precision figures of roughly 32%. Further, if the user also provides information on the type of relation between his query and the selected concept, the gains in average precision go up to roughly 52%.	Concept-based interactive query expansion	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kevyn Collins-Thompson:Jamie Callan	It has long been recognized that capturing term relationships is an important aspect of information retrieval. Even with large amounts of data, we usually only have significant evidence for a fraction of all potential term pairs. It is therefore important to consider whether multiple sources of evidence may be combined to predict term relations more accurately. This is particularly important when trying to predict the probability of relevance of a set of terms given a query, which may involve both lexical and semantic relations between the terms.We describe a Markov chain framework that combines multiple sources of knowledge on term associations. The stationary distribution of the model is used to obtain probability estimates that a potential expansion term reflects aspects of the original query. We use this model for query expansion and evaluate the effectiveness of the model by examining the accuracy and robustness of the expansion methods, and investigate the relative effectiveness of various sources of term evidence. Statistically significant differences in accuracy were observed depending on the weighting of evidence in the random walk. For example, using co-occurrence data later in the walk was generally better than using it early, suggesting further improvements in effectiveness may be possible by learning walk behaviors.	Query expansion using random walk models	NA:NA	2018
Dimitri Theodoratos:Theodore Dalamagas:Antonis Koufopoulos:Narain Gehani	Nowadays, huge volumes of data are organized or exported in a tree-structured form. Querying capabilities are provided through queries that are based on branching path expression. Even for a single knowledge domain structural differences raise difficulties for querying data sources in a uniform way. In this paper, we present a method for semantically querying tree-structured data sources using partially specified tree patterns. Based on dimensions which are sets of semantically related nodes in tree structures, we define dimension graphs. Dimension graphs can be automatically extracted from trees and abstract their structural information. They are semantically rich constructs that support the formulation of queries and their efficient evaluation. We design a tree-pattern query language to query multiple tree-structured data sources. A central feature of this language is that the structure can be specified fully, partially, or not at all in the queries. Therefore, it can be used to query multiple trees with structural differences. %and We study the derivation of structural expressions in queries by introducing a set of inference rules for structural expressions. We define two types of query unsatisfiability and we provide necessary and sufficient conditions for checking each of them. Our approach is validated through experimental evaluation.	Semantic querying of tree-structured data sources using partially specified tree patterns	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Neoklis Polyzotis	Modern query optimizers select an efficient join ordering for a physical execution plan based essentially on the average join selectivity factors among the referenced tables. In this paper, we argue that this "monolithic" approach can miss important opportunities for the effective optimization of relational queries. We propose selectivity-based partitioning, a novel optimization paradigm that takes into account the join correlations among relation fragments in order to essentially enable multiple (and more effective) join orders for the evaluation of a single query. In a nutshell, the basic idea is to carefully partition a relation according to the selectivities of the join operations, and subsequently rewrite the query as a union of constituent queries over the computed partitions. We provide a formal definition of the related optimization problem and derive properties that characterize the set of optimal solutions. Based on our analysis, we develop a heuristic algorithm for computing efficiently an effective partitioning of the input query. Results from a preliminary experimental study verify the effectiveness of the proposed approach and demonstrate its potential as an effective optimization technique.	Selectivity-based partitioning: a divide-and-union paradigm for effective query optimization	NA	2018
Cédric du Mouza:Philippe Rigaux:Michel Scholl	Many applications rely on sequence databases and use extensively pattern-matching queries to retrieve data of interest. This paper extends the traditional pattern-matching expressions to parameterized patterns, featuring variables. Parameterized patterns are more expressive and allow to define concisely regular expressions that would be very complex to describe without variables. They can also be used to express additional constraints on patterns' variables.We show that they can be evaluated without additional cost with respect to traditional techniques (e.g., the Knuth-Morris-Pratt algorithm). We describe an algorithm that enjoys low memory and CPU time requirements, and provide experimental results which illustrate the gain of the optimized solution.	Efficient evaluation of parameterized pattern queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yaniv Bernstein:Justin Zobel	The web contains a great many documents that are content-equivalent, that is, informationally redundant with respect to each other. The presence of such mutually redundant documents in search results can degrade the user search experience. Previous attempts to address this issue, most notably the TREC novelty track, were characterized by difficulties with accuracy and evaluation. In this paper we explore syntactic techniques --- particularly document fingerprinting --- for detecting content equivalence. Using these techniques on the TREC GOV1 and GOV2 corpora revealed a high degree of redundancy; a user study confirmed that our metrics were accurately identifying content-equivalence. We show, moreover, that content-equivalent documents have a significant effect on the search experience: we found that 16.6% of all relevant documents in runs submitted to the TREC 2004 terabyte track were redundant.	Redundant documents and search effectiveness	NA:NA	2018
Xiaoyan Li:W. Bruce Croft	The detection of new information in a document stream is an important component of many potential applications. In this paper, a new novelty detection approach based on the identification of sentence level patterns is proposed. Given a user's information need, some patterns in sentences such as combinations of query words, named entities and phrases, may contain more important and relevant information than single words. Therefore, the proposed novelty detection approach focuses on the identification of previously unseen query-related patterns in sentences. Specifically, a query is preprocessed and represented with patterns that include both query words and required answer types. These patterns are used to retrieve sentences, which are then determined to be novel if it is likely that a new answer is present. An analysis of patterns in sentences was performed with data from the TREC 2002 novelty track and experiments on novelty detection were carried out on data from the TREC 2003 and 2004 novelty tracks. The experimental results show that the proposed pattern-based approach significantly outperforms all three baselines in terms of precision at top ranks.	Novelty detection based on sentence level patterns	NA:NA	2018
Wei Dai:Rohini Srihari	This paper presents a novel formulation and approach to the minimal document set retrieval problem. Minimal Document Set Retrieval (MDSR) is a promising information retrieval task in which each query topic is assumed to have different subtopics; the task is to retrieve and rank relevant document sets with maximum coverage but minimum redundancy of subtopics in each set. For this task, we propose three document set retrieval and ranking algorithms: Novelty Based method, Cluster Based method and Subtopic Extraction Based method. In order to evaluate the system performance, we design a new evaluation framework for document set ranking which evaluates both relevance between set and query topic, and redundancy within each set. Finally, we compare the performance of the three algorithms using the TREC interactive track dataset. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our algorithms.	Minimal document set retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Jean Martinet:Yves Chiaramella:Philippe Mulhem	The paper presents a contribution to image indexing consisting in a weighting model for visible objects -- or image objects -- in home photographs. To improve its effectiveness this weighting model has been designed according to human perception criteria about what is estimated as important in photographs. Four basic hypotheses related to human perception are presented, and their validity is estimated as compared to actual observations from a user study. Finally a formal definition of this weighting model is presented and its consistence with the user study is evaluated.	A model for weighting image objects in home photographs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wisam Dakka:Panagiotis G. Ipeirotis:Kenneth R. Wood	Databases of text and text-annotated data constitute a significant fraction of the information available in electronic form. Searching and browsing are the typical ways that users locate items of interest in such databases. Interfaces that use multifaceted hierarchies represent a new powerful browsing paradigm which has been proven to be a successful complement to keyword searching. Thus far, multifaceted hierarchies have been created manually or semi-automatically, making it difficult to deploy multifaceted interfaces over a large number of databases. We present automatic and scalable methods for creation of multifaceted interfaces. Our methods are integrated with traditional relational databases and can scale well for large databases. Furthermore, we present methods for selecting the best portions of the generated hierarchies when the screen space is not sufficient for displaying all the hierarchy at once. We apply our technique to a range of large data sets, including annotated images, television programming schedules, and web pages. The results are promising and suggest directions for future research.	Automatic construction of multifaceted browsing interfaces	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nicholas Lester:Alistair Moffat:Justin Zobel	Inverted index structures are the mainstay of modern text retrieval systems. They can be constructed quickly using off-line merge-based methods, and provide efficient support for a variety of querying modes. In this paper we examine the task of on-line index construction -- that is, how to build an inverted index when the underlying data must be continuously queryable, and the documents must be indexed and available for search as soon they are inserted. When straightforward approaches are used, document insertions become increasingly expensive as the size of the database grows. This paper describes a mechanism based on controlled partitioning that can be adapted to suit different balances of insertion and querying operations, and is faster and scales better than previous methods. Using experiments on 100GB of web data we demonstrate the efficiency of our methods in practice, showing that they dramatically reduce the cost of on-line index construction.	Fast on-line index construction by geometric partitioning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Marcus Fontoura:Vanja Josifovski:Eugene Shekita:Beverly Yang	Holistic twig join algorithms represent the state of the art for evaluating path expressions in XML queries. Using inverted indexes on XML elements, holistic twig joins move a set of index cursors in a coordinated way to quickly find structural matches. Because each cursor move can trigger I/O, the performance of a holistic twig join is largely determined by how many cursor moves it makes, yet, surprisingly, existing join algorithms have not been optimized along these lines. In this paper, we describe TwigOptimal, a new holistic twig join algorithm with optimal cursor movement. We sketch the proof of TwigOptimal's optimality, and describe how TwigOptimal can use information in the return clause of XQuery to boost its performance. Finally, experimental results are presented, showing TwigOptimal's superiority over existing holistic twig join algorithms.	Optimizing cursor movement in holistic twig joins	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Luca Grieco:Domenico Lembo:Riccardo Rosati:Marco Ruzzi	Research in consistent query answering studies the definition and computation of "meaningful" answers to queries posed to inconsistent databases, i.e., databases whose data do not satisfy the integrity constraints (ICs) declared on their schema. Computing consistent answers to conjunctive queries is generally coNP-hard in data complexity, even in the presence of very restricted forms of ICs (single, unary keys). Recent studies on consistent query answering for database schemas containing only key dependencies have analyzed the possibility of identifying classes of queries whose consistent answers can be obtained by a first-order rewriting of the query, which in turn can be easily formulated in SQL and directly evaluated through any relational DBMS. In this paper we study consistent query answering in the presence of key dependencies and exclusion dependencies. We first prove that even in the presence of only exclusion dependencies the problem is coNP-hard in data complexity, and define a general method for consistent answering of conjunctive queries under key and exclusion dependencies, based on the rewriting of the query in Datalog with negation. Then, we identify a subclass of conjunctive queries that can be first-order rewritten in the presence of key and exclusion dependencies, and define an algorithm for computing the first-order rewriting of a query belonging to such a class of queries. Finally, we compare the relative efficiency of the two methods for processing queries in the subclass above mentioned. Experimental results, conducted on a real and large database of the computer science engineering degrees of the University of Rome "La Sapienza", clearly show the computational advantage of the first-order based technique.	Consistent query answering under key and exclusion dependencies: algorithms and experiments	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qingzhao Tan:Wang-Chien Lee:Baihua Zheng:Peng Liu:Dik Lun Lee	Studies on the performance issues (i.e., access latency and energy conservation) of wireless data broadcast have appeared in the literature. However, the important security issues have not been well addressed. This paper investigates the tradeoff between performance and security of signature-based air index schemes in wireless data broadcast. From the performance perspective, keeping low false drop probability helps clients retrieve the information from a broadcast channel efficiently. Meanwhile, from the security perspective, achieving high false guess probability prevents the hacker from guessing the information easily. There is a tradeoff between these two aspects. An administrator of the wireless broadcast system may balance this tradeoff by carefully configuring the signatures used in broadcast. This study provides a guidance for parameter settings of the signature schemes in order to meet the performance and security requirements. Experiments are performed to validate the analytical results and to obtain optimal signature configuration corresponding to different application criteria.	Balancing performance and confidentiality in air index	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Massimo Melucci	In this paper, context is modeled by vector space bases and its evolution is modeled by linear transformations from one base to another. Each document or query can be associated to a distinct base, which corresponds to one context. Also, algorithms are proposed to discover contexts from document, query or groups or them. Linear algebra can thus by employed in a mathematical framework to process context, its evolution and application.	Context modeling and discovery using vector space bases	NA	2018
Reiner Kraft:Farzin Maghoul:Chi Chao Chang	Contextual search tries to better capture a user's information need by augmenting the user's query with contextual information extracted from the search context (for example, terms from the web page the user is currently reading or a file the user is currently editing).This paper presents Y!Q---a first of its kind large-scale contextual search system---and provides an overview of its system design and architecture. Y!Q solves two major problems. First, how to capture high quality search context. Second, how to use that context in a way to improve the relevancy of search queries. To address the first problem, Y!Q introduces an information widget that captures precise search context and provides convenient access to its functionality at the point of inspiration. For example, Y!Q can be easily embedded into web pages using a web API, or it can be integrated into a web browser toolbar. This paper provides an overview of Y!Q's user interaction design, highlighting its novel aspects for capturing high quality search context.To address the second problem, Y!Q uses a semantic network for analyzing search context, possibly resolving ambiguous terms, and generating a contextual digest comprising its key concepts. This digest is passed through a query planner and rewriting framework for augmenting a user's search query with relevant context terms to improve the overall search relevancy and experience. We show experimental results comparing contextual Y!Q search results side-by-side with regular Yahoo! web search results. This evaluation suggests that Y!Q results are considered significantly more relevant.The paper also identifies interesting research problems and argues that contextual search may represent the next major step in the evolution of web search engines.	Y!Q: contextual search at the point of inspiration	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hector Garcia-Molina	Information integration is one of the oldest and most important computer science problems: Information from diverse sources must be combined, so that users can access and manipulate the information in a unified way. One of the central problems in information integration is that of Entity Resolution (ER) (sometimes referred to as deduplication). ER is the process of identifying and merging incoming records judged to represent the same real-world entity.For example, consider a company that has different customer databases (e.g., one for each subsidiary), and would like to integrate them. Identifying matching records is challenging because there are no unique identifiers across the different sources or databases. A given customer may appear in different ways in each database, and there is a fair amount of guesswork in determining which customers match. Deciding if records match is often computationally expensive, e.g., may involve finding maximal common subsequences in two strings. How to combine matching records is often also application dependent. For example, say different phone numbers appear in two records to be merged. In some cases we may wish to keep both of them, while in others we may want to pick just one as the "consolidated" number.Another source of complexity is that newly merged records may match with other records. For instance, when we combine records r1 and r2 we may obtain a record r12 that now matches r3. The original records, r1 and r2, may not match with r3, but because r12 contains more information about the same real-word entity that r1 and r2 represent, the "connection" to r3 may now be apparent. Such "chained" matches imply that new merged records must be recursively compared to all records.There are many ways to perform ER, but in this talk I will explore only one general approach, where the decision of what records represent the same real-world entity is done in a pair-wise fashion. Furthermore, we assume that the matching is done by a "black-box" function, which makes our approach generic and applicable to many domains. Thus, given two records, r1 and r2, the match function M(r1, r2) returns true if there is enough evidence in the two records that they both refer to the same real-world entity. We also assume a black-box merge function that combines a pair of matching records.In this talk I will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of such a generic, pair-wise approach to ER. And even though the approach is relatively simple, there are still many interesting challenges. For instance, how can one minimize the number of invocations to the match and merge black-boxes? Are there any properties of the functions that can significantly reduce the number of calls? If one has available multiple processors, how can one distribute the computational load? If records have confidences associated with them, how does the problem complexity change, and how can we efficiently find the confidence of the resolved records? In the talk I will address these challenges, and report on some preliminary work we have done at Stanford. (This Stanford work in joint with Omar Benjelloun, Tyson Condie, Johnson (Heng) Gong, Jeff Jonas, Hideki Kawai, Tait E. Larson, David Menestrina, Nicolas Pombourcq, Qi Su, Steven Whang, Jennifer Widom.For additional information on ER and our Stanford SERF Project, please visit http://www-db.stanford.edu/serf/.	Pair-Wise entity resolution: overview and challenges	NA	2018
Gary William Flake	In 1993, Verner Vinge [3] introduced the notion of the Singularity -- a step function to nearly unlimited technological capability -- which would be realized if the acceleration of scientific progress continues to produce such things as strong AI, nanotechnology, and super-human intelligence. Since its introduction, the idea of the Singularity has been met with both evangelism (by Ray Kurzweil [2]) and apocalyptic warnings (by Bill Joy [1]).In this talk, I will introduce a more modest version of the idea, which I call the Internet Singularity. Like the original, the Internet Singularity suggests continued acceleration of progress, but makes greater emphasis on our ability to improve science, analytic methods, and engineering on data as opposed to the physical world. I make the case for the Internet Singularity in four steps.First, there is a general trend of more capabilities being more available to more people. These increasing capabilities span content creation, community, and commerce, yielding more power to today's "amateur" than yesterday's "professional". As a result, the boundary between producers and consumers is becoming increasingly blurred over time.Second, in many parts of the Internet we see power law distributions with a heavy tail. One implication of heavy tail distributions is that the aggregate impact of "small" participants can be greater than that of the "large" participants.Third, with the Internet comes entirely new means for authoring new and derivative works: aggregations, mashups, tagging, remixing, etc. The greater emphasis on collaboration and sharing yields direct and indirect network effects. Network effects, can produce entirely new utility, making online activities potentially more efficient or valuable than the offline equivalent.Fourth, on the Internet, advances are effectively decoupled from the physical constraints of the offline world: startups costs are smaller; customer, collaborator, and audience pools are dramatically larger; and improvements happen in more of a continuous rather than discreet manner. As a result the effective "clock cycle" of progress is potentially much faster online.Putting these four pieces together reveals a compelling pattern: more people contribute to the collective pool; the collective pool contains entirely new value that is derived from its data; and the new value from the data increases individual and aggregate capabilities. In combination, these components mutually reinforce one another, forming something of a virtuous cycle. This is the Internet Singularity.Conceptually, if we consider engineering to be the ability to create artifacts, mathematical analysis to be the ability to analyze numerical properties, and science to be the pursuit of knowledge, then each of these activities -- when focused on digital objects as they exist on the Internet -- can be amplified in a manner consistent with the Internet Singularity.The implications for the Internet Singularity are profound as they suggest nothing less than the evolution of the scientific method itself. Moreover, these trends also imply that now may be the best possible moment in the history of the universe to be a computer scientist.	How I learned to stop worrying and love the imminent internet singularity	NA	2018
Joseph Kielman	Ensuring the security of our homeland depends in large measure on two quite distinct factors: having the knowledge necessary to prevent, predict, prepare for, or respond, if necessary, to any manner of terrorist attack or a natural or manmade disaster and collaborating or sharing knowledge with a broad range of international, federal, state, local, and tribal agencies, as well as other private or public organizations. The essential problem with adequately addressing these factors, despite the many advancements made in the past decade, is twofold. First, it is not so much the mass but rather the diffuse nature and complexity of the data, information, and knowledge required for understanding terrorism and accounting for the manifold consequences of disasters that make possession of the right knowledge difficult. And, second, that diffuseness and complexity is magnified by the extreme diversity and wide distribution of the many potential homeland security collaborators. Retrospective analysis, and even knowledge discovery, is less useful under these conditions than prospective, real-time synthesis of information for multiple users. Also, privacy is as important as, if not more important than, security. This suggests that database designs and techniques for information retrieval, and knowledge management must take advantage of such technologies as semantic nets, visualization, and discrete mathematics to build knowledge systems capable for homeland security applications.	The real-time nature and value of homeland security information	NA	2018
Caetano Traina, Jr.:Agma J. M. Traina:Marcos R. Vieira:Adriano S. Arantes:Christos Faloutsos	Multimedia and complex data are usually queried by similarity predicates. Whereas there are many works dealing with algorithms to answer basic similarity predicates, there are not generic algorithms able to efficiently handle similarity complex queries combining several basic similarity predicates. In this work we propose a simple and effective set of algorithms that can be combined to answer complex similarity queries, and a set of algebraic rules useful to rewrite similarity query expressions into an adequate format for those algorithms. Those rules and algorithms allow relational database management systems to turn complex queries into efficient query execution plans. We present experiments that highlight interesting scenarios. They show that the proposed algorithms are orders of magnitude faster than the traditional similarity algorithms. Moreover, they are linearly scalable considering the database size.	Efficient processing of complex similarity queries in RDBMS through query rewriting	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Demetrios Zeinalipour-Yazti:Song Lin:Dimitrios Gunopulos	In this paper we introduce the distributed spatio-temporal similarity search problem: given a query trajectory Q, we want to find the trajectories that follow a motion similar to Q, when each of the target trajectories is segmented across a number of distributed nodes. We propose two novel algorithms, UB-K and UBLB-K, which combine local computations of lower and upper bounds on the matching between the distributed subsequences and Q. Such an operation generates the desired result without pulling together all the distributed subsequences over the fundamentally expensive communication medium. Our solutions find applications in a wide array of domains, such as cellular networks, wild life monitoring and video surveillance. Our experimental evaluation using realistic data demonstrates that our framework is both efficient and robust to a variety of conditions.	Distributed spatio-temporal similarity search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Keith Marsolo:Srinivasan Parthasarathy:Kotagiri Ramamohanarao	The ability to retrieve molecules based on structural similarity has use in many applications, from disease diagnosis and treatment to drug discovery and design. In this paper, we present a method to represent protein molecules that allows for the fast, flexible and efficient retrieval of similar structures, based on either global or local attributes. We begin by computing the pair-wise distance between amino acids, transforming each 3D structure into a 2D distance matrix. We normalize this matrix to a specific size and apply a 2D wavelet decomposition to generate a set of approximation coefficients, which serves as our global feature vector. This transformation reduces the overall dimensionality of the data while still preserving spatial features and correlations. We test our method by running queries on three different protein data sets that have been used previously in the literature, basing our comparisons on labels taken from the SCOP database. We find that our method significantly outperforms existing approaches, in terms of retrieval accuracy, memory utilization and execution time. Specifically, using a k-d tree and running a 10-nearest-neighbor search on a dataset of 33,000 proteins against itself, we see an average accuracy of 89% at the SCOP SuperFamily level and a total query time that is up to 350 times faster than previously published techniques. In addition to processing queries based on global similarity, we also propose innovative extensions to effectively match proteins based solely on shared local substructures, allowing for a more flexible query interface.	Structure-based querying of proteins using wavelets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Atsuhiro Takasu	Document generation from low level data and its utilization is one of the most challenging tasks in document engineering. Word occurrence detection is a fundamental problem in the recognized document utilization obtained by a recognizer, such as OCR and speech recognition. Given a set of words, such as a dictionary, this paper proposes an efficient dynamic programming (DP) algorithm to find the occurrences of each word in a text. In this paper, the string similarity is measured by a statistical similarity model that enables a definition of the similarities in the character level as well as edit operation level. The proposed algorithm uses tree structures to measure similarities in order to avoid measuring similarities of the same substrings appearing in different parts of the text and words. The time complexity of the proposed algorithm is O(|W|⋅|S|⋅|Q|), where |W| (resp. |S|) denote the number of nodes in the trees representing the word set (resp. the text), and |Q| donotes the number of the states of the model used for string similarity. This paper shows the proposed algorithm is experimentally about six times faster than a naive DP algorithm.	An approximate multi-word matching algorithm for robust document retrieval	NA	2018
Li Zhuang:Feng Jing:Xiao-Yan Zhu	With the flourish of the Web, online review is becoming a more and more useful and important information resource for people. As a result, automatic review mining and summarization has become a hot research topic recently. Different from traditional text summarization, review mining and summarization aims at extracting the features on which the reviewers express their opinions and determining whether the opinions are positive or negative. In this paper, we focus on a specific domain - movie review. A multi-knowledge based approach is proposed, which integrates WordNet, statistical analysis and movie knowledge. The experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed approach in movie review mining and summarization.	Movie review mining and summarization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhu Zhang:Balaji Varadarajan	We identify a new task in the ongoing research in text sentiment analysis: predicting utility of product reviews, which is orthogonal to polarity classification and opinion extraction. We build regression models by incorporating a diverse set of features, and achieve highly competitive performance for utility scoring on three real-world data sets.	Utility scoring of product reviews	NA:NA	2018
Arun Qamra:Belle Tseng:Edward Y. Chang	In recent years, weblogs, or blogs for short, have become an important form of online content. The personal nature of blogs, online interactions between bloggers, and the temporal nature of blog entries, differentiate blogs from other kinds of Web content. Bloggers interact with each other by linking to each other's posts, thus forming online communities. Within these communities, bloggers engage in discussions of certain issues, through entries in their blogs. Since these discussions are often initiated in response to online or offline events, a discussion typically lasts for a limited time duration. We wish to extract such temporal discussions, or stories, occurring within blogger communities, based on some query keywords. We propose a Content-Community-Time model that can leverage the content of entries, their timestamps, and the community structure of the blogs, to automatically discover stories. Doing so also allows us to discover hot stories. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our model through several case studies using real-world data collected from the blogosphere.	Mining blog stories using community-based and temporal clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yun Chi:Belle L. Tseng:Junichi Tatemura	The blogosphere - the totality of blog-related Web sites - has become a great source of trend analysis in areas such as product survey, customer relationship, and marketing. Existing approaches are based on simple counts, such as the number of entries or the number of links. In this paper, we introduce a novel concept, coined eigen-trend, to represent the temporal trend in a group of blogs with common interests and propose two new techniques for extracting eigen-trends in blogs. First, we propose a trend analysis technique based on the singular value decomposition. Extracted eigen-trends provide new insights into multiple trends on the same keyword. Second, we propose another trend analysis technique based on a higher-order singular value decomposition. This analyzes the blogosphere as a dynamic graph structure and extracts eigen-trends that reflect the structural changes of the blogosphere over time. Experimental studies based on synthetic data sets and a real blog data set show that our new techniques can reveal a lot of interesting trend information and insights in the blogosphere that are not obtainable from traditional count-based methods.	Eigen-trend: trend analysis in the blogosphere based on singular value decompositions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephen Robertson	As an alternative to the usual Mean Average Precision, some use is currently being made of the Geometric Mean Average Precision (GMAP) as a measure of average search effectiveness across topics. GMAP is specifically used to emphasise the lower end of the average precision scale, in order to shed light on poor performance of search engines. This paper discusses the status of this measure and how it should be understood.	On GMAP: and other transformations	NA	2018
Paul Ogilvie:Mounia Lalmas	INEX, the evaluation initiative for content-oriented XML retrieval, has since its establishment defined the relevance of an element according to two graded dimensions, exhaustivity and specificity. The former measures how exhaustively an XML element discusses the topic of request, whereas specificity measures how focused the element is on the topic of request. The reason for having two dimensions was to provide a more stable measure of relevance than if assessors were asked to rate the relevance of an element on a single scale. However, obtaining relevance assessments is a costly task. as each document must be assessed for relevance by a human assessor. In XML retrieval this problem is exacerbated as the elements of the document must also be assessed with respect to the exhaustivity and specificity dimensions. A continuous discussion in INEX has been whether such a sophisticated definition of relevance, and in particular the exhaustivity dimension, was needed. This paper attempts to answer this question through extensive statistical tests to compare the conclusions about system performance that could be made under different assessment scenarios.	Investigating the exhaustivity dimension in content-oriented XML element retrieval evaluation	NA:NA	2018
Paul Thomas:David Hawking	Familiar evaluation methodologies for information retrieval (IR) are not well suited to the task of comparing systems in many real settings. These systems and evaluation methods must support contextual, interactive retrieval over changing, heterogeneous data collections, including private and confidential information.We have implemented a comparison tool which can be inserted into the natural IR process. It provides a familiar search interface, presents a small number of result sets in side-by-side panels, elicits searcher judgments, and logs interaction events. The tool permits study of real information needs as they occur, uses the documents actually available at the time of the search, and records judgments taking into account the instantaneous needs of the searcher.We have validated our proposed evaluation approach and explored potential biases by comparing different whole-of-Web search facilities using a Web-based version of the tool. In four experiments, one with supplied queries in the laboratory and three with real queries in the workplace, subjects showed no discernable left-right bias and were able to reliably distinguish between high- and low-quality result sets. We found that judgments were strongly predicted by simple implicit measures.Following validation we undertook a case study comparing two leading whole-of-Web search engines. The approach is now being used in several ongoing investigations.	Evaluation by comparing result sets in context	NA:NA	2018
Emine Yilmaz:Javed A. Aslam	We consider the problem of evaluating retrieval systems using incomplete judgment information. Buckley and Voorhees recently demonstrated that retrieval systems can be efficiently and effectively evaluated using incomplete judgments via the bpref measure [6]. When relevance judgments are complete, the value of bpref is an approximation to the value of average precision using complete judgments. However, when relevance judgments are incomplete, the value of bpref deviates from this value, though it continues to rank systems in a manner similar to average precision evaluated with a complete judgment set. In this work, we propose three evaluation measures that (1) are approximations to average precision even when the relevance judgments are incomplete and (2) are more robust to incomplete or imperfect relevance judgments than bpref. The proposed estimates of average precision are simple and accurate, and we demonstrate the utility of these estimates using TREC data.	Estimating average precision with incomplete and imperfect judgments	NA:NA	2018
Adegoke Ojewole:Qiang Zhu:Wen-Chi Hou	Load shedding techniques generate approximate sliding window join results when memory constraints prevent exact computation. The previously proposed random load shedding method drops input tuples without consideration for the number of outputs created, while the recently proposed semantic load shedding technique aims to produce the largest possible result set. We consider a new model in which data stream tuples contain numerical importance values relevant to the query source and seek to maximize the importance of the approximate join result. We show that both random load shedding and semantic load shedding are sub-optimal in this situation, while the techniques presented in this paper satisfy the objective function by considering both tuple importance and join attribute distributions. We extend the existing offline semantic approximation technique to make it compatible with our objective function and show that it is less space and time efficient than our new optimal offline algorithm for small and large join memory allotments. We also introduce four efficient online algorithms, which are quite promising in maximizing the importance of the approximate join result without foreknowledge of input streams.	Window join approximation over data streams with importance semantics	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ankur Jain:Zhihua Zhang:Edward Y. Chang	Data stream clustering has emerged as a challenging and interesting problem over the past few years. Due to the evolving nature, and one-pass restriction imposed by the data stream model, traditional clustering algorithms are inapplicable for stream clustering. This problem becomes even more challenging when the data is high-dimensional and the clusters are not linearly separable in the input space. In this paper, we propose a nonlinear stream clustering algorithm that adapts to the stream's evolutionary changes. Using the kernel methods for dealing with the non-linearity of data separation, we propose a novel 2-tier stream clustering architecture. Tier-1 captures the temporal locality in the stream, by partitioning it into segments, using a kernel-based novelty detection approach. Tier-2 exploits this segment structure to continuously project the streaming data nonlinearly onto a low-dimensional space (LDS), before assigning them to a cluster. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach through extensive experimental evaluation on various real-world datasets.	Adaptive non-linear clustering in data streams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yabo Xu:Ke Wang:Ada Wai-Chee Fu:Rong She:Jian Pei	In many applications, classifiers need to be built based on multiple related data streams. For example, stock streams and news streams are related, where the classification patterns may involve features from both streams. Thus instead of mining on a single isolated stream, we need to examine multiple related data streams in order to find such patterns and build an accurate classifier. Other examples of related streams include traffic reports and car accidents, sensor readings of different types or at different locations, etc. In this paper, we consider the classification problem defined over sliding-window join of several input data streams. As the data streams arrive in fast pace and the many-to-many join relationship blows up the data arrival rate even more, it is impractical to compute the join and then build the classifier each time the window slides forward. We present an efficient algorithm to build a Naïve Bayesian classifier in such context. Our method does not need to perform the join operations but is still able to build exactly the same classifier as if built on the joined result. It only examines each input tuple twice, independent of the number of tuples it joins in other streams, therefore, is able to keep pace with the fast arriving data streams in the presence of many-to-many join relationships. The experiments confirmed that our classification algorithm is more efficient than conventional methods while maintaining good classification accuracy.	Classification spanning correlated data streams	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Francisco M. Couto:Mário J. Silva:Pedro M. Coutinho	Erroneous data can often be found in databases, and detecting it is normally a non-trivial task. For example, To cope with the large amount of biological sequences being produced, a significant number of genes and proteins have been annotated by automated tools. A protein annotation is an association between a protein and a term describing its role. These tools have produced a significant number of misannotations that are now present in biological databases. This paper proposes a new method for automatically scoring associations by comparing them to preexisting curated associations. An association is a pair that links two entities. The score can be used to filter incorrect or uncommon associations.We evaluated the method using the automated protein annotations submitted to BioCreAtIvE, an international evaluation of state-of-the-art text-mining systems in Biology. The method scored each of these annotations and those scored below a certain threshold were discarded. The results have shown a small trade-off in recall for a large improvement in precision. For example, we were able to discard 44.6%, 66.8% and 81% of the misannotations, maintaining 96.9%, 84.2%, and 47.8% of the correct annotations, respectively. Moreover, we were able to outperform each individual submission to BioCreAtIvE by proper adjustment of the threshold.	Validating associations in biological databases	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jian Zhang:Joan Feigenbaum	We consider the problem of finding highly correlated pairs in a large data set. That is, given a threshold not too small, we wish to report all the pairs of items (or binary attributes) whose (Pearson) correlation coefficients are greater than the threshold. Correlation analysis is an important step in many statistical and knowledge-discovery tasks. Normally, the number of highly correlated pairs is quite small compared to the total number of pairs. Identifying highly correlated pairs in a naive way by computing the correlation coefficients for all the pairs is wasteful. With massive data sets, where the total number of pairs may exceed the main-memory capacity, the computational cost of the naive method is prohibitive. In their KDD'04 paper [15], Hui Xiong et al. address this problem by proposing the TAPER algorithm. The algorithm goes through the data set in two passes. It uses the first pass to generate a set of candidate pairs whose correlation coefficients are then computed directly in the second pass. The efficiency of the algorithm depends greatly on the selectivity (pruning power) of its candidate-generating stage.In this work, we adopt the general framework of the TAPER algorithm but propose a different candidate-generation method. For a pair of items, TAPER's candidate-generation method considers only the frequencies (supports) of individual items. Our method also considers the frequency (support) of the pair but does not explicitly count this frequency (support). We give a simple randomized algorithm whose false-negative probability is negligible. The space and time complexities of generating the candidate set in our algorithm are asymptotically the same as TAPER's. We conduct experiments on synthesized and real data. The results show that our algorithm produces a greatly reduced candidate set - one that can be several orders of magnitude smaller than that generated by TAPER. Because of this, our algorithm uses much less memory and can be faster. The former is critical for dealing with massive data.	Finding highly correlated pairs efficiently with powerful pruning	NA:NA	2018
Hector Gonzalez:Jiawei Han:Xiaolei Li	Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) technology is fast becoming a prevalent tool in tracking commodities in supply chain management applications. The movement of commodities through the supply chain forms a gigantic workflow that can be mined for the discovery of trends, flow correlations and outlier paths, that in turn can be valuable in understanding and optimizing business processes.In this paper, we propose a method to construct compressed probabilistic workflows that capture the movement trends and significant exceptions of the overall data sets, but with a size that is substantially smaller than that of the complete RFID workflow. Compression is achieved based on the following observations: (1) only a relatively small minority of items deviate from the general trend, (2)only truly non-redundant deviations, ie, those that substantially deviate from the previously recorded ones, are interesting, and (3) although RFID data is registered at the primitive level, data analysis usually takes place at a higher abstraction level. Techniques for workflow compression based on non-redundant transition and emission probabilities are derived; and an algorithm for computing approximate path probabilities is developed. Our experiments demonstrate the utility and feasibility of our design, data structure, and algorithms.	Mining compressed commodity workflows from massive RFID data sets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sebastian Michel:Matthias Bender:Nikos Ntarmos:Peter Triantafillou:Gerhard Weikum:Christian Zimmer	Peer-to-Peer (P2P) search requires intelligent decisions for query routing: selecting the best peers to which a given query, initiated at some peer, should be forwarded for retrieving additional search results. These decisions are based on statistical summaries for each peer, which are usually organized on a per-keyword basis and managed in a distributed directory of routing indices. Such architectures disregard the possible correlations among keywords. Together with the coarse granularity of per-peer summaries, which are mandated for scalability, this limitation may lead to poor search result quality.This paper develops and evaluates two solutions to this problem, sk-STAT based on single-key statistics only, and mk-STAT based on additional multi-key statistics. For both cases, hash sketch synopses are used to compactly represent a peer's data items and are efficiently disseminated in the P2P network to form a decentralized directory. Experimental studies with Gnutella and Web data demonstrate the viability and the trade-offs of the approaches.	Discovering and exploiting keyword and attribute-value co-occurrences to improve P2P routing indices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stefan Büttcher:Charles L. A. Clarke	We present a static index pruning method, to be used in ad-hoc document retrieval tasks, that follows a document-centric approach to decide whether a posting for a given term should remain in the index or not. The decision is made based on the term's contribution to the document's Kullback-Leibler divergence from the text collection's global language model. Our technique can be used to decrease the size of the index by over 90%, at only a minor decrease in retrieval effectiveness. It thus allows us to make the index small enough to fit entirely into the main memory of a single PC, even for large text collections containing millions of documents. This results in great efficiency gains, superior to those of earlier pruning methods, and an average response time around 20 ms on the GOV2 document collection.	A document-centric approach to static index pruning in text retrieval systems	NA:NA	2018
Vo Ngoc Anh:Alistair Moffat	Web information retrieval systems face a range of unique challenges, not the least of which is the sheer scale of the data that must be handled. Also specific to web retrieval is that queries may be a mix of Boolean and ranked features, and documents may have static score components that must also be factored into the ranking process. In this paper we consider a range of query semantics used in web retrieval systems, and show that impact-sorted indexes provide support for dynamic pruning mechanisms and in doing so allow fast document-at-a-time resolution of typical mixed-mode queries, even on relatively large volumes of data. Our techniques also extend to more complex query semantics, including the use of phrase, proximity, and structural constraints.	Pruning strategies for mixed-mode querying	NA:NA	2018
Johannes Aßfalg:Karsten M. Borgwardt:Hans-Peter Kriegel	Classification of 3D objects remains an important task in many areas of data management such as engineering, medicine or biology. As a common preprocessing step in current approaches to classification of voxelized 3D objects, voxel representations are transformed into a feature vector description.In this article, we introduce an approach of transforming 3D objects into feature strings which represent the distribution of voxels over the voxel grid. Attractively, this feature string extraction can be performed in linear runtime with respect to the number of voxels. We define a similarity measure on these feature strings that counts common k-mers in two input strings, which is referred to as the spectrum kernel in the field of kernel methods. We prove that on our feature strings, this similarity measure can be computed in time linear to the number of different characters in these strings. This linear runtime behavior makes our kernel attractive even for large datasets that occur in many application domains. Furthermore, we explain that our similarity measure induces a metric which allows to combine it with an M-tree for handling of large volumes of data. Classification experiments on two published benchmark datasets show that our novel approach is competitive with the best state-of-the-art methods for 3D object classification.	3DString: a feature string kernel for 3D object classification on voxelized data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Aris Anagnostopoulos:Andrei Z. Broder:Kunal Punera	Traditional document classification frameworks, which apply the learned classifier to each document in a corpus one by one, are infeasible for extremely large document corpora, like the Web or large corporate intranets. We consider the classification problem on a corpus that has been processed primarily for the purpose of searching, and thus our access to documents is solely through the inverted index of a large scale search engine. Our main goal is to build the "best" short query that characterizes a document class using operators normally available within large engines. We show that surprisingly good classification accuracy can be achieved on average over multiple classes by queries with as few as 10 terms. Moreover, we show that optimizing the efficiency of query execution by careful selection of these terms can further reduce the query costs. More precisely, we show that on our set-up the best 10 terms query canachieve 90% of the accuracy of the best SVM classifier (14000 terms), and if we are willing to tolerate a reduction to 86% of the best SVM, we can build a 10 terms query that can be executed more than twice as fast as the best 10 terms query.	Effective and efficient classification on a search-engine model	NA:NA:NA	2018
Adriano Veloso:Wagner Meira, Jr.:Marco Cristo:Marcos Gonçalves:Mohammed Zaki	We present a novel approach for classifying documents that combines different pieces of evidence (e.g., textual features of documents, links, and citations) transparently, through a data mining technique which generates rules associating these pieces of evidence to predefined classes. These rules can contain any number and mixture of the available evidence and are associated with several quality criteria which can be used in conjunction to choose the "best" rule to be applied at classification time. Our method is able to perform evidence enhancement by link forwarding/backwarding (i.e., navigating among documents related through citation), so that new pieces of link-based evidence are derived when necessary. Furthermore, instead of inducing a single model (or rule set) that is good on average for all predictions, the proposed approach employs a lazy method which delays the inductive process until a document is given for classification, therefore taking advantage of better qualitative evidence coming from the document. We conducted a systematic evaluation of the proposed approach using documents from the ACM Digital Library and from a Brazilian Web directory. Our approach was able to outperform in both collections all classifiers based on the best available evidence in isolation as well as state-of-the-art multi-evidence classifiers. We also evaluated our approach using the standard WebKB collection, where our approach showed gains of 1% in accuracy, being 25 times faster. Further, our approach is extremely efficient in terms of computational performance, showing gains of more than one order of magnitude when compared against other multi-evidence classifiers.	Multi-evidence, multi-criteria, lazy associative document classification	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaoguang Qi:Brian D. Davison	Web page classification is important to many tasks in information retrieval and web mining. However, applying traditional textual classifiers on web data often produces unsatisfying results. Fortunately, hyperlink information provides important clues to the categorization of a web page. In this paper, an improved method is proposed to enhance web page classification by utilizing the class information from neighboring pages in the link graph. The categories represented by four kinds of neighbors (parents, children, siblings and spouses) are combined to help with the page in question. In experiments to study the effect of these factors on our algorithm, we find that the method proposed is able to boost the classification accuracy of common textual classifiers from around 70% to more than 90% on a large dataset of pages from the Open Directory Project, and outperforms existing algorithms. Unlike prior techniques, our approach utilizes same-host links and can improve classification accuracy even when neighboring pages are unlabeled. Finally, while all neighbor types can contribute, sibling pages are found to be the most important.	Knowing a web page by the company it keeps	NA:NA	2018
Xiaoyan Li:W. Bruce Croft	The detection of new information in a document stream is an important component of many potential applications. In this work, a new novelty detection approach based on the identification of sentence level information patterns is proposed. First, the information-pattern concept for novelty detection is presented with the emphasis on new information patterns for general topics (queries) that cannot be simply turned into specific questions whose answers are specific named entities (NEs). Then we elaborate a thorough analysis of sentence level information patterns on data from the TREC novelty tracks, including sentence lengths, named entities, sentence level opinion patterns. This analysis provides guidelines in applying those patterns in novelty detection particularly for the general topics. Finally, a unified pattern-based approach is presented to novelty detection for both general and specific topics. The new method for dealing with general topics will be the focus. Experimental results show that the proposed approach significantly improves the performance of novelty detection for general topics as well as the overall performance for all topics from the 2002-2004 TREC novelty tracks.	Improving novelty detection for general topics using sentence level information patterns	NA:NA	2018
Ding Zhou:Xiang Ji:Hongyuan Zha:C. Lee Giles	We propose a method for discovering the dependency relationships between the topics of documents shared in social networks using the latent social interactions, attempting to answer the question: given a seemingly new topic, from where does this topic evolve? In particular, we seek to discover the pair-wise probabilistic dependency in topics of documents which associate social actors from a latent social network, where these documents are being shared. By viewing the evolution of topics as a Markov chain, we estimate a Markov transition matrix of topics by leveraging social interactions and topic semantics. Metastable states in a Markov chain are applied to the clustering of topics. Applied to the CiteSeer dataset, a collection of documents in academia, we show the trends of research topics, how research topics are related and which are stable. We also show how certain social actors, authors, impact these topics and propose new ways for evaluating author impact.	Topic evolution and social interactions: how authors effect research	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Karane Vieira:Altigran S. da Silva:Nick Pinto:Edleno S. de Moura:João M. B. Cavalcanti:Juliana Freire	The widespread use of templates on the Web is considered harmful for two main reasons. Not only do they compromise the relevance judgment of many web IR and web mining methods such as clustering and classification, but they also negatively impact the performance and resource usage of tools that process web pages. In this paper we present a new method that efficiently and accurately removes templates found in collections of web pages. Our method works in two steps. First, the costly process of template detection is performed over a small set of sample pages. Then, the derived template is removed from the remaining pages in the collection. This leads to substantial performance gains when compared to previous approaches that combine template detection and removal. We show, through an experimental evaluation, that our approach is effective for identifying terms occurring in templates - obtaining F-measure values around 0.9, and that it also boosts the accuracy of web page clustering and classification methods.	A fast and robust method for web page template detection and removal	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Roxana Girju	The acquisition of semantic knowledge is paramount for any application that requires a deep understanding of natural language text. Motivated by the problem of building a noun phrase-level semantic parser and adapting it to various applications, such as machine translation and multilingual question answering, in this paper we present a domain-independent model for noun phrase semantic interpretation. We investigate the problem based on cross-linguistic evidence from a set of four Romance languages: Spanish, Italian, French, and Romanian. The focus on Romance languages is well motivated. It is generally the case that English noun phrases translate into constructions of the form "N P N" in Romance languages where, as we will show, the P (preposition) varies in ways that correlate with the semantics. Thus, based on a set of 22 semantic interpretation categories (such as PART-WHOLE, AGENT, POSSESSION) we present empirical observations regarding the distribution of these semantic categories in a cross-lingual corpus and their mapping to various syntactic constructions in English and Romance. Furthermore, given a training set of English noun phrases along with their translations in the four Romance languages, our algorithm automatically learns classification rules and applies them to unseen noun phrase instances for semantic interpretation. Experimental results are compared against a state-of-the-art model reported in the literature.	Out-of-context noun phrase semantic interpretation with cross-linguistic evidence	NA	2018
Oisín Boydell:Barry Smyth	We describe and evaluate an approach to capturing and re-using search expertise within a community of like minded searchers, such as the employees of a company or organisation. Within knowledge based industries, search expertise - the ability to quickly and accurately locate information according to a specific information need - is an important corporate asset and in our approach we attempt to capture this knowledge by mining the title and snippet texts of results that have been selected by community members in response to their queries. Our assumption is that the snippet text of a result must play a role in helping users to judge the initial relevance of that result and that the snippet terms of selected results must contain especially informative terms about the goals and preferences of the searchers. In other words, results are selected because the user recognises certain combinations of terms in their snippets which are related to their information needs. Our approach seeks to build a community-based snippet index that reflects the evolving interests of a group of searchers. This index is then used to re-rank the results returned by some underlying search engine by boosting the ranking of key results that have been frequently selected for similar queries by community members in the past.	Capturing community search expertise for personalized web search using snippet-indexes	NA:NA	2018
Paul-Alexandru Chirita:Claudiu S. Firan:Wolfgang Nejdl	The PC Desktop is a very rich repository of personal information, efficiently capturing user's interests. In this paper we propose a new approach towards an automatic personalization of web search in which the user specific information is extracted from such local desktops, thus allowing for an increased quality of user profiling, while sharing less private information with the search engine. More specifically, we investigate the opportunities to select personalized query expansion terms for web search using three different desktop oriented approaches: summarizing the entire desktop data, summarizing only the desktop documents relevant to each user query, and applying natural language processing techniques to extract dispersive lexical compounds from relevant desktop resources. Our experiments with the Google API showed at least the latter two techniques to produce a very strong improvement over current web search.	Summarizing local context to personalize global web search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ryen W. White:Diane Kelly	While Implicit Relevance Feedback (IRF) algorithms exploit users' interactions with information to customize support offered to users of search systems, it is unclear how individual and task differences impact the effectiveness of such algorithms. In this paper we describe a study on the effect on retrieval performance of using additional information about the user and their search tasks when developing IRF algorithms. We tested four algorithms that use document display time to estimate relevance, and tailored the threshold times (i.e., the time distinguishing relevance from non-relevance) to the task, the user, a combination of both, or neither. Interaction logs gathered during a longitudinal naturalistic study of online information-seeking behavior are used as stimuli for the algorithms. The findings show that tailoring display time thresholds based on task information improves IRF algorithm performance, but doing so based on user information worsens performance. This has implications for the development of effective IRF algorithms.	A study on the effects of personalization and task information on implicit feedback performance	NA:NA	2018
Hongyuan Zha:Zhaohui Zheng:Haoying Fu:Gordon Sun	We discuss information retrieval methods that aim at serving a diverse stream of user queries such as those submitted to commercial search engines. We propose methods that emphasize the importance of taking into consideration of query difference in learning effective retrieval functions. We formulate the problem as a multi-task learning problem using a risk minimization framework. In particular, we show how to calibrate the empirical risk to incorporate query difference in terms of introducing nuisance parameters in the statistical models, and we also propose an alternating optimization method to simultaneously learn the retrieval function and the nuisance parameters. We work out the details for both L1 and L2 regularization cases, and provide convergence analysis for the alternating optimization method for the special case when the retrieval functions belong to a reproducing kernel Hilbert space. We illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods using modeling data extracted from a commercial search engine. We also point out how the current framework can be extended in future research.	Incorporating query difference for learning retrieval functions in world wide web search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mohamed Aly:Kirk Pruhs:Panos K. Chrysanthis	We propose an In-Network Data-Centric Storage (INDCS) scheme for answering ad-hoc queries in sensor networks. Previously proposed In-Network Storage (INS) schemes suffered from Storage Hot-Spots that are formed if either the sensors' locations are not uniformly distributed over the coverage area, or the distribution of sensor readings is not uniform over the range of possible reading values. Our K-D tree based Data-Centric Storage (KDDCS) scheme maintains the invariant that the storage of events is distributed reasonably uniformly among the sensors. KDDCS is composed of a set of distributed algorithms whose running time is within a poly-log factor of the diameter of the network. The number of messages any sensor has to send, as well as the bits in those messages, is poly-logarithmic in the number of sensors. Load balancing in KDDCS is based on defining and distributively solving a theoretical problem that we call the Weighted Split Median problem. In addition to analytical bounds on KDDCS individual algorithms, we provide experimental evidence of our scheme's general efficiency, as well as its ability to avoid the formation of storage hot-spots of various sizes, unlike all previous INDCS schemes.	KDDCS: a load-balanced in-network data-centric storage scheme for sensor networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao-Ping Hung:Ming-Syan Chen	Due to the resource limitation in the data stream environment, it has been reported that answering user queries according to the wavelet synopsis of a stream is an essential ability of a Data Stream Management System (DSMS). In this paper, motivated by the fact that a user may be interested in an arbitrary range of the data streams, we investigate two important types of range-constrained queries in time series streaming environments: the distance queries (which aim at obtaining the Euclidean distance between two streams) and the kNN queries (which aim at discovering k nearest neighbors to a reference stream). To achieve high efficiency in processing these two types of queries, we propose procedure RED (standing for Range-constrained Euclidean Distance) and algorithm EKS (standing for Enhanced KNN Search). Compared to the existing methods in the prior research, the advantageous features of our approaches are in two folds. First, our approaches are capable of processing the queries directly from the wavelet synopses retained in the main memory without using IDWT to reconstruct the data cells. This feature allows us to save the complexity in both memory and time. Moreover, our approaches enable the users to query the DSMS within their range of interest. Unlike the conventional methods which only support the full-range query processing, this feature will enhance the flexibility at the client side. We evaluate procedure RED and algorithm EKS on live and synthetic datasets empirically and show that the proposed approaches are efficient in similarity search and kNN discovery within arbitrary ranges in the time series streaming environments.	Efficient range-constrained similarity search on wavelet synopses over multiple streams	NA:NA	2018
Yijian Bai:Hetal Thakkar:Haixun Wang:Chang Luo:Carlo Zaniolo	By providing an integrated and optimized support for user-defined aggregates (UDAs), data stream management systems (DSMS) can achieve superior power and generality while preserving compatibility with current SQL standards. This is demonstrated by the Stream Mill system that, through is Expressive Stream Language (ESL), efficiently supports a wide range of applications - including very advanced ones such as data stream mining, streaming XML processing, time-series queries, and RFID event processing. ESL supports physical and logical windows (with optional slides and tumbles) on both built-in aggregates and UDAs, using a simple framework that applies uniformly to both aggregate functions written in an external procedural languages and those natively written in ESL. The constructs introduced in ESL extend the power and generality of DSMS, and are conducive to UDA-specific optimization and efficient execution as demonstrated by several experiments.	A data stream language and system designed for power and extensibility	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dina Goldin:Ricardo Mardales:George Nagy	Recent papers have claimed that the result of K-means clustering for time series subsequences (STS clustering) is independent of the time series that created it. Our paper revisits this claim. In particular, we consider the following question: Given several time series sequences and a set of STS cluster centroids from one of them (generated by the K-means algorithm), is it possible to reliably determine which of the sequences produced these cluster centroids? While recent results suggest that the answer should be NO, we answer this question in the affirmative.We present cluster shape distance, an alternate distance measure for time series subsequence clusters, based on cluster shapes. Given a set of clusters, its shape is the sorted list of the pairwise Euclidean distances between their centroids. We then present two algorithms based on this distance measure, which match a set of STS cluster centroids with the time series that produced it. While the first algorithm creates DQG reuse this term more smaller "fingerprints" for the sequences, the second is more accurate. In our experiments with a dataset of 10 sequences, it produced a correct match 100% of the time.Furthermore, we offer an analysis that explains why our cluster shape distance provides a reliable way to match STS clusters to the original sequences, whereas cluster set distance fails to do so. Our work establishes for the first time a strong relation between the result of K-means STS clustering and the time series sequence that created it, despite earlier predictions that this is not possible.	In search of meaning for time series subsequence clustering: matching algorithms based on a new distance measure	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nachiketa Sahoo:Jamie Callan:Ramayya Krishnan:George Duncan:Rema Padman	Incremental hierarchical text document clustering algorithms are important in organizing documents generated from streaming on-line sources, such as, Newswire and Blogs. However, this is a relatively unexplored area in the text document clustering literature. Popular incremental hierarchical clustering algorithms, namely Cobweb and Classit, have not been widely used with text document data. We discuss why, in the current form, these algorithms are not suitable for text clustering and propose an alternative formulation that includes changes to the underlying distributional assumption of the algorithm in order to conform with the data. Both the original Classit algorithm and our proposed algorithm are evaluated using Reuters newswire articles and Ohsumed dataset.	Incremental hierarchical clustering of text documents	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hua Yan:Keke Chen:Ling Liu	It is widely recognized that developing efficient and fully automated algorithms for clustering large transactional datasets is a challenging problem. In this paper, we propose a fast, memory-efficient, and scalable clustering algorithm for analyzing transactional data. Our approach has three unique features. First, we use the concept of Weighted Coverage Density as a categorical similarity measure for efficient clustering of transactional datasets. The concept of weighted coverage density is intuitive and allows the weight of each item in a cluster to be changed dynamically according to the occurrences of items. Second, we develop two transactional data clustering specific evaluation metrics based on the concept of large transactional items and the coverage density respectively. Third, we implement the weighted coverage density clustering algorithm and the two clustering validation metrics using a fully automated transactional clustering framework, called SCALE (Sampling, Clustering structure Assessment, cLustering and domain-specific Evaluation). The SCALE framework is designed to combine the weighted coverage density measure for clustering over a sample dataset with self-configuring methods that can automatically tune the two important parameters of the clustering algorithms: (1) the candidates of the best number K of clusters; and (2) the application of two domain-specific cluster validity measures to find the best result from the set of clustering results. We have conducted experimental evaluation using both synthetic and real datasets and our results show that the weighted coverage density approach powered by the SCALE framework can efficiently generate high quality clustering results in a fully automated manner.	Efficiently clustering transactional data with weighted coverage density	NA:NA:NA	2018
Le Chen:Lei Zhang:Feng Jing:Ke-Feng Deng:Wei-Ying Ma	Vertical search is a promising direction as it leverages domain-specific knowledge and can provide more precise information for users. In this paper, we study the Web object-ranking problem, one of the key issues in building a vertical search engine. More specifically, we focus on this problem in cases when objects lack relationships between different Web communities, and take high-quality photo search as the test bed for this investigation. We proposed two score fusion methods that can automatically integrate as many Web communities (Web forums) with rating information as possible. The proposed fusion methods leverage the hidden links discovered by a duplicate photo detection algorithm, and aims at minimizing score differences of duplicate photos in different forums. Both intermediate results and user studies show the proposed fusion methods are practical and efficient solutions to Web object ranking in cases we have described. Though the experiments were conducted on high-quality photo ranking, the proposed algorithms are also applicable to other ranking problems, such as movie ranking and music ranking.	Ranking web objects from multiple communities	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Craig Macdonald:Iadh Ounis	In an expert search task, the users' need is to identify people who have relevant expertise to a topic of interest. An expert search system predicts and ranks the expertise of a set of candidate persons with respect to the users' query. In this paper, we propose a novel approach for predicting and ranking candidate expertise with respect to a query. We see the problem of ranking experts as a voting problem, which we model by adapting eleven data fusion techniques.We investigate the effectiveness of the voting approach and the associated data fusion techniques across a range of document weighting models, in the context of the TREC 2005 Enterprise track. The evaluation results show that the voting paradigm is very effective, without using any collection specific heuristics. Moreover, we show that improving the quality of the underlying document representation can significantly improve the retrieval performance of the data fusion techniques on an expert search task. In particular, we demonstrate that applying field-based weighting models improves the ranking of candidates. Finally, we demonstrate that the relative performance of the adapted data fusion techniques for the proposed approach is stable regardless of the used weighting models.	Voting for candidates: adapting data fusion techniques for an expert search task	NA:NA	2018
Philip Zigoris:Yi Zhang	Research in information retrieval is now moving into a personalized scenario where a retrieval or filtering system maintains a separate user profile for each user. In this framework, information delivered to the user can be automatically personalized and catered to individual user's information needs. However, a practical concern for such a personalized system is the "cold start problem": any user new to the system must endure poor initial performance until sufficient feedback from that user is provided.To solve this problem, we use both explicit and implicit feedback to build a user's profile and use Bayesian hierarchical methods to borrow information from existing users. We analyze the usefulness of implicit feedback and the adaptive performance of the model on two data sets gathered from user studies where users' interaction with a document, or implicit feedback, were recorded along with explicit feedback. Our results are two-fold: first, we demonstrate that the Bayesian modeling approach effectively trades off between shared and user-specific information, alleviating poor initial performance for each user. Second, we find that implicit feedback has very limited unstable predictive value by itself and only marginal value when combined with explicit feedback.	Bayesian adaptive user profiling with explicit & implicit feedback	NA:NA	2018
Ilaria Bartolini:Paolo Ciaccia:Marco Patella	Skyline queries compute the set of Pareto-optimal tuples in a relation, ie those tuples that are not dominated by any other tuple in the same relation. Although several algorithms have been proposed for efficiently evaluating skyline queries, they either require to extend the relational server with specialized access methods (which is not always feasible) or have to perform the dominance tests on all the tuples in order to determine the result. In this paper we introduce SaLSa (Sort and Limit Skyline algorithm), which exploits the sorting machinery of a relational engine to order tuples so that only a subset of them needs to be examined for computing the skyline result. This makes SaLSa particularly attractive when skyline queries are executed on top of systems that do not understand skyline semantics or when the skyline logic runs on clients with limited power and/or bandwidth.	SaLSa: computing the skyline without scanning the whole sky	NA:NA:NA	2018
Evangelos Dellis:Akrivi Vlachou:Ilya Vladimirskiy:Bernhard Seeger:Yannis Theodoridis	In this paper we introduce the problem of Constrained Subspace Skyline Queries. This class of queries can be thought of as a generalization of subspace skyline queries using range constraints. Although both constrained skyline queries and subspace skyline queries have been addressed previously, the implications of constrained subspace skyline queries has not been examined so far. Constrained skyline queries are usually more expensive than regular skylines. In case of constrained subspace skyline queries additional performance degradation is caused through the projection. In order to support constrained skylines for arbitrary subspaces, we present approaches exploiting multiple low-dimensional indexes instead of relying on a single high-dimensional index. Effective pruning strategies are applied to discard points from dominated regions. An important ingredient of our approach is the workload-adaptive strategy for determining the number of indexes and the assignment of dimensions to the indexes. Extensive performance evaluation shows the superiority of our proposed technique compared to its most related competitors.	Constrained subspace skyline computation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Katja Hose:Christian Lemke:Kai-Uwe Sattler	Peer Data Management Systems (PDMS) are a natural extension of heterogeneous database systems. One of the main tasks in such systems is efficient query processing. Insisting on complete answers, however, leads to asking almost every peer in the network. Relaxing these completeness requirements by applying approximate query answering techniques can significantly reduce costs. Since most users are not interested in the exact answers to their queries, rank-aware query operators like top-k or skyline play an important role in query processing. In this paper, we present the novel concept of relaxed skylines that combines the advantages of both rank-aware query operators and approximate query processing techniques. Furthermore, we propose a strategy for processing relaxed skylines in distributed environments that allows for giving guarantees for the completeness of the result using distributed data summaries as routing indexes.	Processing relaxed skylines in PDMS using distributed data summaries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Amit A. Nanavati:Siva Gurumurthy:Gautam Das:Dipanjan Chakraborty:Koustuv Dasgupta:Sougata Mukherjea:Anupam Joshi	With ever growing competition in telecommunications markets, operators have to increasingly rely on business intelligence to offer the right incentives to their customers. Toward this end, existing approaches have almost solely focussed on the individual behaviour of customers. Call graphs, that is, graphs induced by people calling each other, can allow telecom operators to better understand the interaction behaviour of their customers, and potentially provide major insights for designing effective incentives.In this paper, we use the Call Detail Records of a mobile operator from four geographically disparate regions to construct call graphs, and analyse their structural properties. Our findings provide business insights and help devise strategies for Mobile Telecom operators. Another goal of this paper is to identify the shape of such graphs. In order to do so, we extend the well-known reachability analysis approach with some of our own techniques to reveal the shape of such massive graphs. Based on our analysis, we introduce the Treasure-Hunt model to describe the shape of mobile call graphs. The proposed techniques are general enough for analysing any large graph. Finally, how well the proposed model captures the shape of other mobile call graphs needs to be the subject of future studies.	On the structural properties of massive telecom call graphs: findings and implications	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dimitri Theodoratos:Stefanos Souldatos:Theodore Dalamagas:Pawel Placek:Timos Sellis	The wide adoption of XML has increased the interest of the database community on tree-structured data management techniques. Querying capabilities are provided through tree-pattern queries. The need for querying tree-structured data sources when their structure is not fully known, and the need to integrate multiple data sources with different tree structures have driven, recently, the suggestion of query languages that relax the complete specification of a tree pattern. In this paper, we use a query language which allows partial tree-pattern queries (PTPQs). The structure in a PTPQ can be flexibly specified fully, partially or not at all. To evaluate a PTPQ, we exploit index graphs which generate an equivalent set of "complete" tree-pattern queries.In order to process PTPQs, we need to efficiently solve the PTPQ satisfiability and containment problems. These problems become more complex in the context of PTPQs because the partial specification of the structure allows new, non-trivial, structural expressions to be derived from those explicitly specified in a PTPQ. We address the problem of PTPQ satisfiability and containment in the absence and in the presence of index graphs, and we provide necessary and sufficient conditions for each case. To cope with the high complexity of PTPQ containment in the presence of index graphs,we study a family of heuristic approaches for PTPQ containment based on structural information extracted from the index graph in advance and on-the-fly. We implement our approaches and we report on their extensive experimental evaluation and comparison.	Heuristic containment check of partial tree-pattern queries in the presence of index graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shirish Tatikonda:Srinivasan Parthasarathy:Tahsin Kurc	Recent research in data mining has progressed from mining frequent itemsets to more general and structured patterns like trees and graphs. In this paper, we address the problem of frequent subtree mining that has proven to be viable in a wide range of applications such as bioinformatics, XML processing, computational linguistics, and web usage mining. We propose novel algorithms to mine frequent subtrees from a database of rooted trees. We evaluate the use of two popular sequential encodings of trees to systematically generate and evaluate the candidate patterns. The proposed approach is very generic and can be used to mine embedded or induced subtrees that can be labeled, unlabeled, ordered, unordered, or edge-labeled. Our algorithms are highly cache-conscious in nature because of the compact and simple array-based data structures we use. Typically, L1 and L2 hit rates above 99% are observed. Experimental evaluation showed that our algorithms can achieve up to several orders of magnitude speedup on real datasets when compared to state-of-the-art tree mining algorithms.	TRIPS and TIDES: new algorithms for tree mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
Cai-Nicolas Ziegler:Kai Simon:Georg Lausen	Taxonomic measures of semantic proximity allow us to compute the relatedness of two concepts. These metrics are versatile instruments required for diverse applications, e.g., the Semantic Web, linguistics, and also text mining. However, most approaches are only geared towards hand-crafted taxonomic dictionaries such as WordNet, which only feature a limited fraction of real-world concepts. More specific concepts, and particularly instances of concepts, i.e., names of artists, locations, brand names, etc., are not covered.The contributions of this paper are two fold. First, we introduce a framework based on Google and the Open Directory Project (ODP), enabling us to derive the semantic proximity between arbitrary concepts and instances. Second, we introduce a new taxonomy-driven proximity metric tailored for our framework. Studies with human subjects corroborate our hypothesis that our new metric outperforms benchmark semantic proximity metrics and comes close to human judgement.	Automatic computation of semantic proximity using taxonomic knowledge	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sreenivas Gollapudi:Rina Panigrahy	Topic or feature extraction is often used as an important step in document classification and text mining. Topics are succinct representation of content in a document collection and hence are very effective when used as content identifiers in peer-to-peer systems and other large scale distributed content management systems. Effective topic extraction is dependent on the accuracy of term clustering that often has to deal with problems like synonymy and polysemy. Retrieval techniques based on spectral analysis like Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI) are often used to effectively solve these problems. Most of the spectral retrieval schemes produce term similarity measures that are symmetric and often, not an accurate characterization of term relationships. Another drawback of LSI is its running time that is polynomial in the dimensions of the m x n matrix, A. This can get prohibitively large for some IR applications. In this paper, we present efficient algorithms using the technique of Locality-Sensitive Hashing (LSH) to extract topics from a document collection based on the asymmetric relationships between terms in a collection. The relationship is characterized by the term co-occurrences and other higher-order similarity measures. Our LSH based scheme can be viewed as a simple alternative to LSI. We show the efficacy of our algorithms via experiments on a set of large documents. An interesting feature of our algorithms is that it produces a natural hierarchical decomposition of the topic space instead of a flat clustering.	Exploiting asymmetry in hierarchical topic extraction	NA:NA	2018
Jong Wook Kim:K. Sel#231;uk Candan	Domain specific ontologies are heavily used in many applications. For instance, these form the bases on which similarity/dissimilarity between keywords are extracted for various knowledge discovery and retrieval tasks. Existing similarity computation schemes can be categorized as (a) structure- or (b) information-based approaches. Structure based approaches compute dissimilarity between keywords using a (weighted) count of edges between two keywords. Information-base approaches, on the other hand, leverage available corpora to extract additional information, such as keyword frequency, to achieve better performance in similarity computation than structure-based approaches. Unfortunately, in many application domains (such as applications that rely on unique-keys in a relational database), frequency information required by information-based approaches does not exist. In this paper, we note that there is a third way of computing similarity: if each node in a given hierarchy can be represented as a vector of related concepts, these vectors could be compared to compute similarities. This requires mapping concept-nodes in a given hierarchy onto a concept space. In this paper, we propose a concept propagation (CP) scheme, which relies on the semantical relationships between concepts implied by the structure of the hierarchy to annotate each concept-node with a concept-vector (CV). We refer to this approach as CP/CV. Comparison of keyword similarity results shows that CP/CV provides significantly better (upto 33%) results than existing structure-based schemes. Also, even if CP/CV does not assume the availability of an appropriate corpus to extract keyword frequency information, our approach matches (and slightly improves on) the performance of information-based approaches.	CP/CV: concept similarity mining without frequency information from domain describing taxonomies	NA:NA	2018
Peter Bailey:David Hawking:Brett Matson	Document level security (DLS) -- enforcing permissions prevailing at the time of search -- is specified as a mandatory requirement in many enterprise search applications. Unfortunately, depending upon implementation details and values of key parameters, DLS may come at a high price in increased query processing time, leading to an unacceptably slow search experience. In this paper we present a model and a method for carrying out secure search in the presence of DLS within enterprise webs. We report on two alternative commercial DLS search implementations. Using a 10,000 document experimental DLS environment, we graph the dependence of query processing time on result set size and visibility density for different classes of user. Scaled up to collections of tens of thousands of documents, our results suggest that query times will be unacceptable if exact counts of matching documents are required and also for users who can view only a small proportion of documents. We show that the time to conduct access checks is dramatically increased if requests must be sent off-server, even on a local network, and discuss methods for reducing the cost of security checks. We conclude that enterprises can effectively reduce DLS overheads by organizing documents in such a way that most access checking can be at collection rather than document level, by forgoing accurate match counts, by using caching, batching or hierarchical methods to cut costs of DLS checking and, if applicable, by using a single portal both to access and search documents.	Secure search in enterprise webs: tradeoffs in efficient implementation for document level security	NA:NA:NA	2018
Carlos Ordonez:Javier García-García	In general, a relational DBMS provides limited capabilities to perform multidimensional statistical analysis, which requires manipulating vectors and matrices. In this work, we study how to extend a DBMS with basic vector and matrix operators by programming User-Defined Functions (UDFs). We carefully analyze UDF features and limitations to implement vector and matrix operations commonly used in statistics, machine learning and data mining, paying attention to DBMS, operating system and computer architecture constraints. UDFs represent a C programming interface that allows the definition of scalar and aggregate functions that can be used in SQL. UDFs have several advantages and limitations. A UDF allows fast evaluation of arithmetic expressions, memory manipulation, using multidimensional arrays and exploiting all C language control statements. Nevertheless, a UDF cannot perform disk I/O, the amount of heap and stack memory that can be allocated is small and the UDF code must consider specific architecture characteristics of the DBMS. We experimentally compare UDFs and SQL with respect to performance, ease of use, flexibility and scalability. We profile UDFs based on call overhead, memory management and interleaved disk access. We show UDFs are faster than standard SQL aggregations and as fast as SQL arithmetic expressions.	Vector and matrix operations programmed with UDFs in a relational DBMS	NA:NA	2018
Nicholas J. Pioch:John O. Everett	In this paper, we describe POLESTAR (POLicy Explanation using STories and ARguments), an integrated suite of knowledge management and collaboration tools for intelligence analysts.POLESTAR provides built-in support for analyst workflow, including collection of textual facts from source documents, structured argumentation, and automatic citation in analytic product documents. Underlying POLESTAR is a scalable dependency repository, which provides traceability from product documents to source snippets. The repository's notification engine allows POLESTAR to alert analysts when dependent sources are discredited and aid them in repairing affected arguments. The paper then discusses recent extensions to POLESTAR to support collaborative analysis through community-of-interest finding, portfolio sharing, and peer review of arguments. We conclude with a preview of future research and summary of POLESTAR's primary benefits from the point of view of its deployed users.	POLESTAR: collaborative knowledge management and sensemaking tools for intelligence analysts	NA:NA	2018
Harald Holz:Oleg Rostanin:Andreas Dengel:Takeshi Suzuki:Kaoru Maeda:Katsumi Kanasaki	Knowledge management approaches for weakly-structured, adhoc knowledge work processes need to be lightweight, i.e., they cannot rely on high upfront modeling efforts. This paper presents TaskNavigator, a novel prototype to support weakly-structured processes by integrating a standard task list application with a state-of-the-art document classification system. The resulting system allows for a task-oriented view on office workers' personal knowledge spaces in order to realize a proactive and contextsensitive information support during daily, knowledge-intensive tasks. Moreover, TaskNavigator supports process know-how reuse by proactively suggesting similar tasks or relevant process models, based on textual similarities. Finally, we report on a feasibility test and a case study that have been conducted in order to evaluate the system in the context of daily research task management and software requirements analysis.	Task-based process know-how reuse and proactive information delivery in TaskNavigator	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jieping Ye:Tao Xiong:Qi Li:Ravi Janardan:Jinbo Bi:Vladimir Cherkassky:Chandra Kambhamettu	Classical Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) is not applicable for small sample size problems due to the singularity of the scatter matrices involved. Regularized LDA (RLDA) provides a simple strategy to overcome the singularity problem by applying a regularization term, which is commonly estimated via cross-validation from a set of candidates. However, cross-validation may be computationally prohibitive when the candidate set is large. An efficient algorithm for RLDA is presented that computes the optimal transformation of RLDA for a large set of parameter candidates, with approximately the same cost as running RLDA a small number of times. Thus it facilitates efficient model selection for RLDA.An intrinsic relationship between RLDA and Uncorrelated LDA (ULDA), which was recently proposed for dimension reduction and classification is presented. More specifically, RLDA is shown to approach ULDA when the regularization value tends to zero. That is, RLDA without any regularization is equivalent to ULDA. It can be further shown that ULDA maps all data points from the same class to a common point, under a mild condition which has been shown to hold for many high-dimensional datasets. This leads to the overfitting problem in ULDA, which has been observed in several applications. Thetheoretical analysis presented provides further justification for the use of regularization in RLDA. Extensive experiments confirm the claimed theoretical estimate of efficiency. Experiments also show that, for a properly chosen regularization parameter, RLDA performs favorably in classification, in comparison with ULDA, as well as other existing LDA-based algorithms and Support Vector Machines (SVM).	Efficient model selection for regularized linear discriminant analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xin Yan:Dawei Song:Xue Li	Domain specific information retrieval has become in demand. Not only domain experts, but also average non-expert users are interested in searching domain specific (e.g., medical and health) information from online resources. However, a typical problem to average users is that the search results are always a mixture of documents with different levels of readability. Non-expert users may want to see documents with higher readability on the top of the list. Consequently the search results need to be re-ranked in a descending order of readability. It is often not practical for domain experts to manually label the readability of documents for large databases. Computational models of readability needs to be investigated. However, traditional readability formulas are designed for general purpose text and insufficient to deal with technical materials for domain specific information retrieval. More advanced algorithms such as textual coherence model are computationally expensive for re-ranking a large number of retrieved documents. In this paper, we propose an effective and computationally tractable concept-based model of text readability. In addition to textual genres of a document, our model also takes into account domain specific knowledge, i.e., how the domain-specific concepts contained in the document affect the document's readability. Three major readability formulas are proposed and applied to health and medical information retrieval. Experimental results show that our proposed readability formulas lead to remarkable improvements in terms of correlation with users' readability ratings over four traditional readability measures.	Concept-based document readability in domain specific information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Azadeh Shakery:ChengXiang Zhai	A major challenge in developing models for hypertext retrieval is to effectively combine content information with the link structure available in hypertext collections. Although several link-based ranking methods have been developed to improve retrieval results, none of them can fully exploit the discrimination power of contents as well as fully exploit all useful link structures. In this paper, we propose a general relevance propagation framework for combining content and link information. The framework gives a probabilistic score to each document defined based on a probabilistic surfing model. Two main characteristics of our framework are our probabilistic view on the relevance propagation model and propagation through multiple sets of neighbors. We compare eight different models derived from the probabilistic relevance propagation framework on two standard TREC Web test collections. Our results show that all the eight relevance propagation models can outperform the baseline content only ranking method for a wide range of parameter values, indicating that the relevance propagation framework provides a general, effective and robust way of exploiting link information. Our experiments also show that using multiple neighbor sets outperforms using just one type of neighbors significantly and taking a probabilistic view of propagation provides guidance on setting propagation parameters.	A probabilistic relevance propagation model for hypertext retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Jeremy Pickens:Andrew MacFarlane	At their heart, most if not all information retrieval models utilize some form of term frequency.The notion is that the more often a query term occurs in a document, the more likely it is that document meets an information need. We examine an alternative. We propose a model which assesses the presence of a term in a document not by looking at the actual occurrence of that term, but by a set of non-independent supporting terms, i.e. context. This yields a weighting for terms in documents which is different from and complementary to tf-based methods, and is beneficial for retrieval.	Term context models for information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Yun Zhou:W. Bruce Croft	In this paper, we introduce the notion of ranking robustness, which refers to a property of a ranked list of documents that indicates how stable the ranking is in the presence of uncertainty in the ranked documents. We propose a statistical measure called the robustness score to quantify this notion. We demonstrate that the robustness score significantly and consistently correlates with query performance in a variety of TREC test collections including the GOV2 collection. We compare the robustness score with the clarity score method which is the state-of-the-art technique for query performance prediction. Our experimental results show that the robustness score performs better than or at least as good as the clarity score. We find that the clarity score is barely correlated with query performance on the GOV2 collection while the correlation between the robustness score and query performance remains significant. We also notice that a combination of the two usually results in more prediction power.	Ranking robustness: a novel framework to predict query performance	NA:NA	2018
Weifeng Su:Jiying Wang:Qiong Huang:Fred Lochovsky	To deal with the problem of too many results returned from an E-commerce Web database in response to a user query, this paper proposes a novel approach to rank the query results. Based on the user query, we speculate how much the user cares about each attribute and assign a corresponding weight to it. Then, for each tuple in the query result, each attribute value is assigned a score according to its "desirableness" to the user. These attribute value scores are combined according to the attribute weights to get a final ranking score for each tuple. Tuples with the top ranking scores are presented to the user first. Our ranking method is domain independent and requires no user feedback. Experimental results demonstrate that this ranking method can effectively capture a user's preferences.	Query result ranking over e-commerce web databases	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Taylor:Hugo Zaragoza:Nick Craswell:Stephen Robertson:Chris Burges	Optimising the parameters of ranking functions with respect to standard IR rank-dependent cost functions has eluded satisfactory analytical treatment. We build on recent advances in alternative differentiable pairwise cost functions, and show that these techniques can be successfully applied to tuning the parameters of an existing family of IR scoring functions (BM25), in the sense that we cannot do better using sensible search heuristics that directly optimize the rank-based cost function NDCG. We also demonstrate how the size of training set affects the number of parameters we can hope to tune this way.	Optimisation methods for ranking functions with multiple parameters	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrei Broder:Marcus Fontura:Vanja Josifovski:Ravi Kumar:Rajeev Motwani:Shubha Nabar:Rina Panigrahy:Andrew Tomkins:Ying Xu	We consider the problem of estimating the size of a collection of documents using only a standard query interface. Our main idea is to construct an unbiased and low-variance estimator that can closely approximate the size of any set of documents defined by certain conditions, including that each document in the set must match at least one query from a uniformly sampleable query pool of known size, fixed in advance.Using this basic estimator, we propose two approaches to estimating corpus size. The first approach requires a uniform random sample of documents from the corpus. The second approach avoids this notoriously difficult sample generation problem, and instead uses two fairly uncorrelated sets of terms as query pools; the accuracy of the second approach depends on the degree of correlation among the two sets of terms.Experiments on a large TREC collection and on three major search engines demonstrates the effectiveness of our algorithms.	Estimating corpus size via queries	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lawrence H. Reeve:Hyoil Han:Saya V. Nagori:Jonathan C. Yang:Tamara A. Schwimmer:Ari D. Brooks	Text summarization is a data reduction process. The use of text summarization enables users to reduce the amount of text that must be read while still assimilating the core information. The data reduction offered by text summarization is particularly useful in the biomedical domain, where physicians must continuously find clinical trial study information to incorporate into their patient treatment efforts. Such efforts are often hampered by the high-volume of publications. Our contribution is two-fold: 1) to propose the frequency of domain concepts as a method to identify important sentences within a full-text; and 2) propose a novel frequency distribution model and algorithm for identifying important sentences based on term or concept frequency distribution. An evaluation of several existing summarization systems using biomedical texts is presented in order to determine a performance baseline. For domain concept comparison, a recent high-performing frequency-based algorithm using terms is adapted to use concepts and evaluated using both terms and concepts. It is shown that the use of concepts performs closely with the use of terms for sentence selection. Our proposed frequency distribution model and algorithm outperforms a state-of-the-art approach.	Concept frequency distribution in biomedical text summarization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Heiko Müller:Johann-Christoph Freytag:Ulf Leser	We study the novel problem of efficiently computing the update distance for a pair of relational databases. In analogy to the edit distance of strings, we define the update distance of two databases as the minimal number of set-oriented insert, delete and modification operations necessary to transform one database into the other. We show how this distance can be computed by traversing a search space of database instances connected by update operations. This insight leads to a family of algorithms that compute the update distance or approximations of it. In our experiments we observed that a simple heuristic performs surprisingly well in most considered cases.Our motivation for studying distance measures for databases stems from the field of scientific databases. There, replicas of a single database are often maintained at different sites, which typically leads to (accidental or planned) divergence of their content. To re-create a consistent view, these differences must be resolved. Such an effort requires an understanding of the process that produced them. We found that minimal update sequences of set-oriented update operations are a proper and concise representation of systematic errors, thus giving valuable clues to domain experts responsible for conflict resolution.	Describing differences between databases	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ramakrishna Varadarajan:Vagelis Hristidis	There has been a great amount of work on query-independent summarization of documents. However, due to the success of Web search engines query-specific document summarization (query result snippets) has become an important problem, which has received little attention. We present a method to create query-specific summaries by identifying the most query-relevant fragments and combining them using the semantic associations within the document. In particular, we first add structure to the documents in the preprocessing stage and convert them to document graphs. Then, the best summaries are computed by calculating the top spanning trees on the document graphs. We present and experimentally evaluate efficient algorithms that support computing summaries in interactive time. Furthermore, the quality of our summarization method is compared to current approaches using a user survey.	A system for query-specific document summarization	NA:NA	2018
Gao Cong:Wenfei Fan:Floris Geerts	This paper revisits the analysis of annotation propagation from source databases to views defined in terms of conjunctive (SPJ) queries. Given a source database D, an SPJ query Q, the view Q(D) and a tuple ΔV in the view, the view (resp. source) side-effect problem is to find a minimal set ΔD of tuples such that the deletion of ΔD from D results in the deletion of ΔV from Q(D) while minimizing the side effects on the view (resp. the source). A third problem, referred to as the annotation placement problem, is to find a single base tuple ΔD such that annotation in a field of ΔD propagates to ΔV while minimizing the propagation to other fields in the view Q(D). These are important for data provenance and the management of view updates. However important, these problems are unfortunately NP-hard for most subclasses of SPJ views [5].To make the annotation propagation analysis feasible in practice, we propose a key preserving condition on SPJ views, which requires that the projection fields of an SPJ view Q retain a key of each base relation involved in Q. While this condition is less restrictive than other proposals [11, 14], it often simplifies the annotation propagation analysis. Indeed, for key-preserving SPJ views the annotation placement problem coincides with the view side-effect problem, and the view and source side-effect problems become tractable. In addition we generalize the setting of [5] by allowing ΔV to be a group of tuples to be deleted, and investigate the insertion of tuples to the view. We show that group updates make the analysis harder: these problems become NP-hard for several subclasses of SPJ views. We also show that for SPJ views the source and view side-effect problems are NP-hard for single-tuple insertion, but are tractable for some subclasses of SPJ for group insertions, in the presence or in the absence of the key preservation condition.	Annotation propagation revisited for key preserving views	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rada Chirkova:Fereidoon Sadri	We study optimization of relational queries using materialized views, where views may be regular or restructured. In a restructured view, some data from the base table(s) are represented as metadata - that is, schema information, such as table and attribute names - or vice versa.Using restructured views in query optimization opens up a new spectrum of views that were not previously available, and can result in significant additional savings in query-evaluation costs. These savings can be obtained due to a significantly larger set of views to choose from, and may involve reduced table sizes, elimination of self-joins, clustering produced by restructuring, and horizontal partitioning.In this paper we propose a general query-optimization framework that treats regular and restructured views in a uniform manner and is applicable to SQL select-project-join queries and views with or without aggregation. Within the framework we provide (1) algorithms to determine when a view (regular or restructured) is usable in answering a query, and (2) algorithms to rewrite a query using usable views.Semantic information, such as knowledge of the key of a view, can be used to further optimize a rewritten query. Within our general query-optimization framework, we develop techniques for determining the key of a (regular or restructured) view, and show how this information can be used to further optimize a rewritten query. It is straightforward to integrate all our algorithms and techniques into standard query-optimization algorithms.	Query optimization using restructured views	NA:NA	2018
Xiaoyu Wang:Mitch Cherniack	The I/O performance of query processing can be improved using two complementary approaches: improve the buffer and the file system management policies of the DB buffer manager and the OS file system manager (e.g. page replacement), or improve the sequence of requests that are submitted to a file system manager and that lead to actual I/O's (block request sequences). This paper takes the latter approach. Exploiting common file system practices as found in Linux, we propose four techniques for permuting and refining block request sequences: Block-Level I/O Grouping, File-Level I/O Grouping, I/O Ordering, and Block Recycling. To manifest these techniques, we create two new plan operations, MMS and SHJ, each of which adopts some of the block request refinement techniques above. We implement the new plan operations on top of Postgres running on Linux, and show experimental results that demonstrate up to a factor of 4 performance benefit from the use of these techniques.	Improving query I/O performance by permuting and refining block request sequences	NA:NA	2018
Hinrich Schütze:Emre Velipasaoglu:Jan O. Pedersen	In practical classification, there is often a mix of learnable and unlearnable classes and only a classifier above a minimum performance threshold can be deployed. This problem is exacerbated if the training set is created by active learning. The bias of actively learned training sets makes it hard to determine whether a class has been learned. We give evidence that there is no general and efficient method for reducing the bias and correctly identifying classes that have been learned. However, we characterize a number of scenarios where active learning can succeed despite these difficulties.	Performance thresholding in practical text classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dou Shen:Jian-Tao Sun:Qiang Yang:Zheng Chen	Classification algorithms and document representation approaches are two key elements for a successful document classification system. In the past, much work has been conducted to find better ways to represent documents. However, most of the attempts rely on certain extra resources such as WordNet, or they face the problem of extremely high dimension. In this paper, we propose a new document representation approach based on n-multigram language models. This approach can automatically discover the hidden semantic sequences in the documents under each category. Based on n-multigram language models and n-gram language models, we put forward two text classification algorithms. The experiments on RCV1 show that our proposed algorithm based on n-multigram models alone can achieve the similar or even better classification performance compared with the classifier based on n-gram models but the model size of our algorithm is much smaller than that of the latter. Another proposed algorithm based on the combination of n-multigram models and n-gram models improves the micro-F1 and macro-F1 values from 89.5% to 92.6% and 87.2% to 91.1% respectively. All these observations support the validity of our proposed document representation approach.	Text classification improved through multigram models	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yumao Lu:Fuchun Peng:Xin Li:Nawaaz Ahmed	It is important yet hard to identify navigational queries in Web search due to a lack of sufficient information in Web queries, which are typically very short. In this paper we study several machine learning methods, including naive Bayes model, maximum entropy model, support vector machine (SVM), and stochastic gradient boosting tree (SGBT), for navigational query identification in Web search. To boost the performance of these machine techniques, we exploit several feature selection methods and propose coupling feature selection with classification approaches to achieve the best performance. Different from most prior work that uses a small number of features, in this paper, we study the problem of identifying navigational queries with thousands of available features, extracted from major commercial search engine results, Web search user click data, query log, and the whole Web's relational content. A multi-level feature extraction system is constructed.Our results on real search data show that 1) Among all the features we tested, user click distribution features are the most important set of features for identifying navigational queries. 2) In order to achieve good performance, machine learning approaches have to be coupled with good feature selection methods. We find that gradient boosting tree, coupled with linear SVM feature selection is most effective. 3) With carefully coupled feature selection and classification approaches, navigational queries can be accurately identified with 88.1% F1 score, which is 33% error rate reduction compared to the best uncoupled system, and 40% error rate reduction compared to a well tuned system without feature selection.	Coupling feature selection and machine learning methods for navigational query identification	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lingpeng Yang:Donghong Ji:Guodong Zhou:Yu Nie:Guozheng Xiao	This paper proposes a novel document re-ranking approach in information retrieval, which is done by a label propagation-based semi-supervised learning algorithm to utilize the intrinsic structure underlying in the large document data. Since no labeled relevant or irrelevant documents are generally available in IR, our approach tries to extract some pseudo labeled documents from the ranking list of the initial retrieval. For pseudo relevant documents, we determine a cluster of documents from the top ones via cluster validation-based k-means clustering; for pseudo irrelevant ones, we pick a set of documents from the bottom ones. Then the ranking of the documents can be conducted via label propagation. Evaluation on benchmark corpora shows that the approach can achieve significant improvement over standard baselines and performs better than other related approaches.	Document re-ranking using cluster validation and label propagation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anton Leuski:Victor Lavrenko	We are interested in the problem of understanding the connections between human activities and the content of textual information generated in regard to those activities. Firstly, we define and motivate this problem as an important part in making sense of various life events. Secondly, we introduce the domain of massive online collaborative environments, specifically online virtual worlds, where people meet, exchange messages, and perform actions as a rich data source for such an analysis. Finally, we outline three experimental tasks and show how statistical language modeling and text clustering techniques may allow us to explore those connections successfully.	Tracking dragon-hunters with language models	NA:NA	2018
Aparna S. Varde:Elke A. Rundensteiner:Carolina Ruiz:David C. Brown:Mohammmed Maniruzzaman:Richard D. Sisson	In scientific domains, knowledge is often discovered from experiments by grouping or clustering them based on the similarity of their output. The causes of similarity are analyzed based on the input conditions characterizing a given type of output, i.e., a given cluster. This analysis helps in applications such as decision support in industry. Cluster representatives form at-a-glance depictions for such applications. Randomly selecting a set of conditions in a cluster as its representative is not sufficient since distinct combinations of inputs could lead to the same cluster. In this paper, an approach called DesCond is proposed to design semantics-preserving cluster representatives for scientific input conditions. We define a notion of distance for conditions to capture semantics based on the types of their attributes and their relative importance. Using this distance, methods of building candidate cluster representatives with different levels of detail are proposed. Candidates are compared using the DesCond Encoding proposed in this paper that assesses their complexity and information loss, given user interests. The candidate with the lowest encoding for each cluster is returned as its designed representative. DesCond is evaluated with real data from Materials Science. Evaluation with domain expert interviews and formal user surveys shows that designed representatives consistently outperform randomly selected ones and different candidates suit different users.	Designing semantics-preserving cluster representatives for scientific input conditions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bingsheng He:Qiong Luo	We propose to adapt the newly emerged cache-oblivious model to relational query processing. Our goal is to automatically achieve an overall performance comparable to that of fine-tuned algorithms on a multi-level memory hierarchy. This automaticity is because cache-oblivious algorithms assume no knowledge about any specific parameter values, such as the capacity and block size of each level of the hierarchy. As a first step, we propose recursive partitioning to implement cache-oblivious nested-loop joins (NLJs) without indexes, and recursive clustering and buffering to implement cache-oblivious NLJs with indexes. Our theoretical results and empirical evaluation on three different architectures show that our cache-oblivious NLJs match the performance of their manually optimized, cache-conscious counterparts.	Cache-oblivious nested-loop joins	NA:NA	2018
Manolis Terrovitis:Spyros Passas:Panos Vassiliadis:Timos Sellis	Set-valued attributes frequently occur in contexts like market-basked analysis and stock market trends. Late research literature has mainly focused on set containment joins and data mining without considering simple queries on set valued attributes. In this paper we address superset, subset and equality queries and we propose a novel indexing scheme for answering them on set-valued attributes. The proposed index superimposes a trie-tree on top of an inverted file that indexes a relation with set-valued data. We show that we can efficiently answer the aforementioned queries by indexing only a subset of the most frequent of the items that occur in the indexed relation. Finally, we show through extensive experiments that our approach outperforms the state of the art mechanisms and scales gracefully as database size grows.	A combination of trie-trees and inverted files for the indexing of set-valued attributes	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Reynold Cheng:Sarvjeet Singh:Sunil Prabhakar:Rahul Shah:Jeffrey Scott Vitter:Yuni Xia	In many applications data values are inherently uncertain. This includes moving-objects, sensors and biological databases. There has been recent interest in the development of database management systems that can handle uncertain data. Some proposals for such systems include attribute values that are uncertain. In particular, an attribute value can be modeled as a range of possible values, associated with a probability density function. Previous efforts for this type of data have only addressed simple queries such as range and nearest-neighbor queries. Queries that join multiple relations have not been addressed in earlier work despite the significance of joins in databases. In this paper we address join queries over uncertain data. We propose a semantics for the join operation, define probabilistic operators over uncertain data, and propose join algorithms that provide efficient execution of probabilistic joins. The paper focuses on an important class of joins termed probabilistic threshold joins that avoid some of the semantic complexities of dealing with uncertain data. For this class of joins we develop three sets of optimization techniques: item-level, page-level, and index-level pruning. These techniques facilitate pruning with little space and time overhead, and are easily adapted to most join algorithms. We verify the performance of these techniques experimentally.	Efficient join processing over uncertain data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aris Gkoulalas-Divanis:Vassilios S. Verykios	The rapid growth of transactional data brought, soon enough, into attention the need of its further exploitation. In this paper, we investigate the problem of securing sensitive knowledge from being exposed in patterns extracted during association rule mining. Instead of hiding the produced rules directly, we decide to hide the sensitive frequent itemsets that may lead to the production of these rules. As a first step, we introduce the notion of distance between two databases and a measure for quantifying it. By trying to minimize the distance between the original database and its sanitized version (that can safely be released), we propose a novel, exact algorithm for association rule hiding and evaluate it on real world datasets demonstrating its effectiveness towards solving the problem.	An integer programming approach for frequent itemset hiding	NA:NA	2018
V. Kapoor:P. Poncelet:F. Trousset:M. Teisseire	Research in the areas of privacy preserving techniques in databases and subsequently in privacy enhancement technologies have witnessed an explosive growth-spurt in recent years. This escalation has been fueled by the growing mistrust of individuals towards organizations collecting and disbursing their Personally Identifiable Information (PII). Digital repositories have become increasingly susceptible to intentional or unintentional abuse, resulting in organizations to be liable under the privacy legislations that are being adopted by governments the world over. These privacy concerns have necessitated new advancements in the field of distributed data mining wherein, collaborating parties may be legally bound not to reveal the private information of their customers. In this paper, we present a new algorithm PriPSeP (Privacy Preserving SEquential Patterns) for the mining of sequential patterns from distributed databases while preserving privacy. A salient feature of PriPSeP is that due to its flexibility it is more pertinent to mining operations for real world applications in terms of efficiency and functionality. Under some reasonable assumptions, we prove that our architecture and protocol employed by our algorithm for multi-party computation is secure.	Privacy preserving sequential pattern mining in distributed databases	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sreenivas Gollapudi:Rina Panigrahy	In this paper we propose a dictionary data structure for string search with errors where the query string may didiffer from the expected matching string by a few edits. This data structure can also be used to find the database string with the longest common prefix with few errors. Specifically, with a database of n random strings, each of length of O(m), we show how to perform string search on a query string that differs from its closest match by k edits using a data structure of linear size and query time equal to Õ(log n 2 log n klog a 2m over 2m). This means that if k < m over log a 2m log n, then the query time is Õ(1). This is of significant in practice as there are several applications where k is small relative to m. Our approach converts strings into bit vectors so that similar strings can map to similar bit vectors with small hamming distance. A simple reduction can be used to obtain similar results for approximate longest prefix search.	A dictionary for approximate string search and longest prefix search	NA:NA	2018
Xiangye Xiao:Qiong Luo:Xing Xie:Wei-Ying Ma	In this paper, we study the problem of learning block classification models to estimate block functions. We distinguish general models, which are learned across multiple sites, and site-specific models, which are learned within individual sites. We further consider several factors that affect the learning process and model effectiveness. These factors include the layout features, the content features, the classifiers, and the term selection methods. We have empirically evaluated the performance of the models when the factors are varied. Our main results are that layout features do better than content features for learning both general and site-specific models.	A comparative study on classifying the functions of web page blocks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ralitsa Angelova:Stefan Siersdorfer	This paper addresses the problem of automatically structuring linked document collections by using clustering. In contrast to traditional clustering, we study the clustering problem in the light of available link structure information for the data set (e.g., hyperlinks among web documents or co-authorship among bibliographic data entries). Our approach is based on iterative relaxation of cluster assignments, and can be built on top of any clustering algorithm. This technique results in higher cluster purity, better overall accuracy, and make self-organization more robust.	A neighborhood-based approach for clustering of linked document collections	NA:NA	2018
Lobna Hlaoua:Karen Sauvagnat:Mohand Boughanem	Relevance Feedback (RF) is a technique allowing to enrich an initial query according to the user feedback. The goal is to express more precisily the user's needs. Some open issues appear when considering semi-structured documents like XML documents. Most of the RF approaches proposed in XML retrieval are simple adaptations of traditional RF to the new granularity of information. They enrich queries by adding terms extracted from relevant elements instead of terms extracted from whole documents. In this paper we show how structural constraints can also be used in RF. We propose a new approach that is able to extend the initial query by adding one or more generative structures. This approach is applied to unstructured queries. Experiments are carried out on INEX collection and results show the interest of our method.	A structure-oriented relevance feedback method for XML retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tieyun Qian:Hui Xiong:Yuanzhen Wang:Enhong Chen	The use of association patterns for text categorization has attracted great interest and a variety of useful methods have been developed. However, the key characteristics of pattern-based text categorization remain unclear. Indeed, there are still no concrete answers for the following two questions: First, what kind of association patterns are the best candidate for pattern-based text categorization? Second, what is the most desirable way to use patterns for text categorization? In this paper, we focus on answering the above two questions. Specifically, we show that hyperclique patterns are more desirable than frequent patterns for text categorization. Along this line, we develop an algorithm for text categorization using hyperclique patterns. The experimental results show that our method provides better performance than state-of-the-art methods in terms of both computational performance and classification accuracy.	Adapting association patterns for text categorization: weaknesses and enhancements	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michalis Potamias:Kostas Patroumpas:Timos Sellis	We present a hierarchical tree structure for online maintenance of time-decaying synopses over streaming data. We exemplify such an amnesic behavior over streams of locations taken from numerous moving objects in order to obtain reliable trajectory approximations as well as affordable estimates regarding distinct count spatiotemporal queries.	Amnesic online synopses for moving objects	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhewei Jiang:Cheng Luo:Wen-Chi Hou	In view of the inefficiency of the traditional two-phase Twig-Stack algorithm, we propose a single-phase holistic twig pattern matching method based on the TwigStack algorithm by applying a novel stack structure.	An efficient one-phase holistic twig join algorithm for XML data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Elke Achtert:Christian Böhm:Peer Kröger:Peter Kunath:Alexey Pryakhin:Matthias Renz	In this paper, we propose an approach for efficient approximative RkNN search in arbitrary metric spaces where the value of k is specified at query time. Our method uses an approximation of the nearest-neighbor-distances in order to prune the search space. In several experiments, our solution scales significantly better than existing non-approximative approaches while producing an approximation of the true query result with a high recall.	Approximate reverse k-nearest neighbor queries in general metric spaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tao Tao:ChengXiang Zhai	NA	Best-k queries on database systems	NA:NA	2018
Koji Eguchi:W. Bruce Croft	NA	Boosting relevance model performance with query term dependence	NA:NA	2018
Olfa Nasraoui:Jeff Cerwinske:Carlos Rojas:Fabio Gonzalez	NA	Collaborative filtering in dynamic usage environments	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Luciano Barbosa:Juliana Freire	NA	Automatically constructing collections of online database directories	NA:NA	2018
J. Olsson Scott Olsson:Douglas W. Oard	We introduce several methods of combining feature selectors for text classification. Results from a large investigation of these combinations are summarized. Easily constructed combinations of feature selectors are shown to improve peak R-precision and F1 at statistically significant levels.	Combining feature selectors for text classification	NA:NA	2018
Guihong Cao:Jian-Yun Nie:Jing Bai	Document and query expansions have been used separately in previous studies to enhance the representation of documents and queries. In this paper, we propose a general method that integrates both of them. Expansion is carried out using multi-stage Markov chains. Our experiments show that this method significantly outperforms the existing approaches.	Constructing better document and query models with markov chains	NA:NA:NA	2018
Vagelis Hristidis:Oscar Valdivia:Michail Vlachos:Philip S. Yu	In this paper we address the issue of continuous keyword queries on multiple textual streams. This line of work represents a significant departure from previous keyword search models that assumed a static database. In our model the user poses a query comprised by a collection of keywords, which is subsequently applied on multiple text streams (these can be RSS news feeds, TV closed captions, emails, etc). A result to a query is a combination of streams "sufficiently correlated" to each other that collectively contain all query keywords within a specified time span.	Continuous keyword search on multiple text streams	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi-Hong Chu:Jen-Wei Huang:Kun-Ta Chuang:Ming-Syan Chen	In this paper, a problem, called "the density divergence problem" is explored. This problem is related to the phenomenon that the densities of the clusters vary in different subspace cardinalities. We take the densities into consideration in subspace clustering and explore an algorithm to adaptively determine different density thresholds to discover clusters in different subspace cardinalities.	On subspace clustering with density consciousness	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yefei Peng:Daqing He	NA	Direct comparison of commercial and academic retrieval system: an initial study	NA:NA	2018
Sergio Greco:Massimiliano Ruffolo:Andrea Tagarelli	We present DSA - Derivative time series Segment Approximation, a novel representation model for time series designed for effective and efficient similarity search. DSA substantially exploits derivative estimation, segmentation and dimensionality reduction to meet at least the requirements of high sensitivity to main features (trends) of time series and robustness to outliers. Experiments show that DSA is drastically faster and still as good or better than the prominent state-of-the-art similarity methods.	Effective and efficient similarity search in time series	NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel Kunkle:Donghui Zhang:Gene Cooperman	This poster paper summarizes our solution for mining max frequent generalized itemsets (g-itemsets), a compact representation for frequent patterns in the generalized environment.	Efficient mining of max frequent patterns in a generalized environment	NA:NA:NA	2018
Donald Metzler	In this work we investigate three important aspects of parameterized retrieval models: estimation, sensitivity, and generalization. Since all parameterized models, even those based on heuristics, have inherent uncertainty, we study these issues using statistical tools.	Estimation, sensitivity, and generalization in parameterized retrieval models	NA	2018
Lixin Shi:Jian-Yun Nie	Noisy parallel corpora have been widely used for Cross-language information retrieval (CLIR). However, the previous studies only focus on truly parallel corpus. In this paper, we examine two possible approaches to exploit noisy corpora: filtering out noise from the corpora or adapting the training process of translation model to the noise corpora. Our experiments show that the second approach is better suited to CLIR.	Filtering or adapting: two strategies to exploit noisy parallel corpora for cross-language information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Ling Wang:Elke A. Rundensteiner:Murali Mani:Ming Jiang	NA	HUX: a schemacentric approach for updating XML views	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Youssef Kadri:Jian-Yun Nie	NA	Improving query translation with confidence estimation for cross language information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Anand Ranganathan:Zhen Liu	Relational databases are widely used today as a mechanism for providing access to structured data. They, however, are not suitable for typical information finding tasks of end users. There is often a semantic gap between the queries users want to express and the queries that can be answered by the database. In this paper, we propose a system that bridges this semantic gap using domain knowledge contained in ontologies. Our system extends relational databases with the ability to answer semantic queries that are represented in SPARQL, an emerging Semantic Web query language. Users express their queries in SPARQL, based on a semantic model of the data, and they get back semantically relevant results. We define different categories of results that are semantically relevant to the users' query and show how our system retrieves these results. We evaluate the performance of our system on sample relational databases, using a combination of standard and custom ontologies.	Information retrieval from relational databases using semantic queries	NA:NA	2018
Shaorong Liu:Fusheng Wang:Peiya Liu	NA	Integrated RFID data modeling: an approach for querying physical objects in pervasive computing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaohua Hu:Xiaodan Zhang:Xiaohua Zhou	In this paper, we design and develop a unified system GE-Miner (Gene Expression Miner) to integrate cluster ensemble, text clustering and multi document summarization and provide an environment for comprehensive gene expression data analysis. We present a novel cluster ensemble approach to generate high quality gene cluster. In our text summarization module, given a gene cluster, our Expectation Maximization (EM) based algorithm can automatically identify subtopics and extract most probable terms for each topic. Then, the extracted top k topical terms from each subtopic are combined to form the biological explanation of each gene cluster. Experimental results demonstrate that our system can obtain high quality clusters and provide informative key terms for the gene clusters.	Integration of cluster ensemble and EM based text mining for microarray gene cluster identification and annotation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Alireza Mokhtaripour:Saber Jahanpour	In this poster, a new Farsi (also called Persian) stemmer which works without dictionary is introduced. Evaluation results show significant improvement in performance (precision/recall) of the Information Retrieval (IR) system using this stemmer.	Introduction to a new Farsi stemmer	NA:NA	2018
Bing Bai:Paul Kantor:Nicu Cornea:Deborah Silver	In this paper, we explore the concept of a "library of brain images", which implies not only a repository of brain images, but also efficient search and retrieval mechanisms that are based on models derived from IR practice. As a preliminary study, we have worked with a collection of functional MRI brain images assembled in the study of several distinct cognitive tasks. We adapt several classical IR methods (inverted indexing, TFIDF and Latent Semantic Indexing(LSI)) to content-based brain image retrieval. Our results show that efficient and accurate retrieval of brain images is possible, and that representations motivated by the IR perspective are somewhat more effective than are methods based on retaining the full image information.	IR principles for content-based indexing and retrieval of functional brain images	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jérôme David:Fabrice Guillet:Henri Briand	This paper presents a simple and adaptable matching method dealing with web directories, catalogs and OWL ontologies. By using a well-known Knowledge Discovery in Databases model, such as the association rule paradigm, this method has the originality to be both extensional and asymmetric. It works at the terminological level (by selecting concept-relevant terms contained in documents) and permits to discover equivalence and also subsumption relations holding between entities (concepts and properties). This method relies on the implication intensity measure, a probabilistic model of deviation from independence. Selection of significant rules between concepts (or properties) is lead by two criteria permitting to assess respectively the implication quality and the generativity of the rule. Finally, the proposed method is evaluated on two benchmarks. The first contains two conceptual hierarchies populated with textual documents and the second one is composed of OWL ontologies.	Matching directories and OWL ontologies with AROMA	NA:NA:NA	2018
Richard Kuntschke:Alfons Kemper	New optimization techniques, e.g., in data stream management systems (DSMSs), make the treatment of disjunctive predicates a necessity. In this paper, we introduce and compare methods for matching and evaluating disjunctive predicates.	Matching and evaluation of disjunctive predicates for data stream sharing	NA:NA	2018
Ioana Stanoi:George Mihaila:Themis Palpanas:Christian Lang	Monitoring systems today often involve continuous queries over streaming data, in a distributed collaborative system. The distribution of query operators over a network of processors, and their processing sequence, form a query configuration with inherent constraints on the throughput it can support. In this paper we propose to optimize stream queries with respect to a version of throughput measure, the profiled input throughput. This measure is focused on matching the expected behavior of the input streams. To prune the search space we used hill-climbing techniques that proved to be efficient and effective.	Maximizing the sustained throughput of distributed continuous queries	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bing Liu:Rosie Jones:Kristina Lisa Klinkner	We use a combination of proven methods from time series analysis and machine learning to explore the relationship between temporal and semantic similarity in web query logs; we discover that the combination of correlation and cycles is a good, but not perfect, sign of semantic relationship.	Measuring the meaning in time series clustering of text search queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiang Zhang:Wei Wang	Microarray technology is a powerful tool for geneticists to monitor interactions among tens of thousands of genes simultaneously. There has been extensive research on coherent subspace clustering of gene expressions measured under consistent experimental settings. However, these methods assume that all experiments are run using the same batch of microarray chips with similar characteristics of noise. Algorithms developed under this assumption may not be applicable for analyzing data collected from heterogeneous settings, where the set of genes being monitored may be different and expression levels may be not directly comparable even for the same gene. In this paper, we propose a model, F-cluster, for mining subspace coherent patterns from heterogeneous gene expression data. We compare our model with previously proposed models. We analyze the search space of the problem and give a naïve solution for it.	Mining coherent patterns from heterogeneous microarray data	NA:NA	2018
Li Xiong:Subramanyam Chitti:Ling Liu	Distributed privacy preserving data mining tools are critical for mining multiple databases with a minimum information disclosure. We present a framework including a general model as well as multi-round algorithms for mining horizontally partitioned databases using a privacy preserving k Nearest Neighbor (kNN) classifier.	k nearest neighbor classification across multiple private databases	NA:NA:NA	2018
Claudine Badue:Ricardo Baeza-Yates:Berthier Ribeiro-Neto:Artur Ziviani:Nivio Ziviani	NA	Modeling performance-driven workload characterization of web search systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lukasz Golab:Kumar Gaurav Bijay:M. Tamer Özsu	NA	Multi-query optimization of sliding window aggregates by schedule synchronization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bingjun Sun:Ding Zhou:Hongyuan Zha:John Yen	Text segmentation is important for text analysis, while text alignment is to determine shared sub-topics among similar documents. Multi-task text segmentation and alignment is the extension of single-task segmentation to utilize information of multi-source documents. In this paper we introduce a novel domain-independent unsupervised method for multi-task segmentation and alignment based on the idea that the optimal segmentation and alignment maximizes weighted mutual information, mutual information with term weights. The experiment results show that our approach works well.	Multi-task text segmentation and alignment based on weighted mutual information	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Te Li:Qihong Shao:Yi Chen	NA	PEPX: a query-friendly probabilistic XML database	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jen-Wei Huang:Chi-Yao Tseng:Jian-Chih Ou:Ming-Syan Chen	When sequential patterns are generated, the newly arriving patterns may not be identified as frequent sequential patterns due to the existence of old data and sequences. In practice, users are usually more interested in the recent data than the old ones. To capture the dynamic nature of data addition and deletion, we propose a general model of sequential pattern mining with a progressive database. In addition, we present a progressive concept to progressively discover sequential patterns in recent time period of interest.	On progressive sequential pattern mining	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yanjiang Yang:Robert H. Deng:Feng Bao	Private data matching between the data sets of two potentially distrusted parties has a wide range of applications. However, existing solutions have substantial weaknesses and do not meet the needs of many practical application scenarios. In particular, practical private data matching applications often require discouraging the matching parties from spoofing their private inputs. In this paper, we address this challenge by forcing the matching parties to "escrow" the data they use for matching to an auditorial agent, and in the "after-the-fact" period, they undertake the liability to attest the genuineness of the escrowed data.	Practical private data matching deterrent to spoofing attacks	NA:NA:NA	2018
H. C. Wu:R. W. P. Luk:K. F. Wong:K. L. Kwok	This paper presents our novel relevance feedback (RF) algorithm that uses the probabilistic document-context based retrieval model with limited relevance judgments for document re-ranking. Probabilities of the document-context based retrieval model are estimated from the top N (=20) documents in the initial retrieval. We use document-context based cosine similarity measure to find similar data for better probability estimation in order to reduce the data scarcity problem and the negative weighting problem. Our RF algorithm is promising because its mean average precision is statistically significantly better than the baseline using TREC-6 and TREC-7 data collections.	Probabilistic document-context based relevance feedback with limited relevance judgments	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anthony Tomasic:Isaac Simmons:John Zimmerman	NA	Processing information intent via weak labeling	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuming Shi:Fei Xing:Mingjie Zhu:Zaiqing Nie:Ji-Rong Wen	This paper examines the problem of utilizing pseudo-anchor text to help ranking Web objects in vertical search. We adopt a machine learning based approach to extract pseudo-anchor text for a vertical object from its candidate anchor blocks. Experiments in academic search domain indicate that our approach is able to dramatically improve search performance.	Pseudo-anchor text extraction for searching vertical objects	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ziming Zhuang:Silviu Cucerzan	This work addresses two common problems in search, frequently occurring with underspecified user queries: the top-ranked results for such queries may not contain documents relevant to the user's search intent, and fresh and relevant pages may not get high ranks for an underspecified query due to their freshness and to the large number of pages that match the query, despite the fact that a large number of users have searched for parts of their content recently. We propose a novel method, Q-Rank, to effectively refine the ranking of search results for any given query by constructing the query context from search query logs. Evaluation results show that Q-Rank gains a considerable advantage over the current ranking system of a large-scale commercial Web search engine, being able to improve the relevance of search results for 82% of the queries.	Re-ranking search results using query logs	NA:NA	2018
Pu-Jeng Cheng:Ching-Hsiang Tsai:Chen-Ming Hung:Lee-Feng Chien	We propose an approach that organizes the search-result clusters into a hierarchical structure, called a query taxonomy, from the user's perspective. The proposed approach is based on an unsupervised classification method, which uses the dynamic Web as the training corpus. With query taxonomy, users can browse relevant Web documents more conveniently and comprehensibly. Our experimental results verify the feasibility and the effectiveness of the proposed approach to query taxonomy generation in Web search.	Query taxonomy generation for web search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Klaus Berberich:Srikanta Bedathur:Gerhard Weikum	NA	Rank synopses for efficient time travel on the web graph	NA:NA:NA	2018
Massimo Melucci	NA	Ranking in context using vector spaces	NA	2018
Chirag Shah:W. Bruce Croft:David Jensen	Several information organization, access, and filtering systems can benefit from different kind of document representations than those used in traditional Information Retrieval (IR). Topic Detection and Tracking (TDT) is an example of such an application. In this paper we demonstrate that named entities serve as better choices of units for document representation over all words. In order to test this hypothesis we study the effect of words-based and entity-based representations on Story Link Detection (SLD) - a core task in TDT research. The experiments on TDT corpora show that entity-based representations give significant improvements for SLD. We also propose a mechanism to expand the set of named entities used for document representation, which enhances the performance in some cases. We then take a step further and analyze the limitations of using only named entities for the document representation. Our studies and experiments indicate that adding additional topical terms can help in addressing such limitations.	Representing documents with named entities for story link detection (SLD)	NA:NA:NA	2018
Christoph Heinz:Bernhard Seeger	A fundamental building block of many data mining and analysis approaches is density estimation as it provides a comprehensive statistical model of a data distribution. For that reason, its application to transient data streams is highly desirable. A convenient, nonparametric method for density estimation utilizes kernels. However, its computational complexity collides with the rigid processing requirements of data streams. In this work, we present a new approach to this problem that combines linear processing cost with a constant amount of allocated memory. Our approach also supports a dynamic memory adaptation to changing system resources.	Resource-aware kernel density estimators over streaming data	NA:NA	2018
Per Ahlgren:Leif Grönqvist	NA	Retrieval evaluation with incomplete relevance data: a comparative study of three measures	NA:NA	2018
S. Parthasarathy:S. Mehta:S. Srinivasan	Periodicity detection is an important pre-processing step for many time series algorithms. It provides important information about the structural properties of a time series. Feature vectors based on periodicity can be used for clustering, classification, abnormality detection, and human motion understanding. The periodicity detection task is not difficult in case of simple and uncontaminated signal. Unfortunately, most of the real datasets exhibit one or more of the following properties: i) non-stationarity, ii) interlaced cyclic patterns and iii) data contamination, which makes the period detection extremely challenging. A seemingly straightforward solution is to develop individual specialized algorithms for handling each case separately. However, determining if a time series is non-stationary or is contaminated in itself is an extremely difficult task. In this article, we propose generic algorithms which can detect periods in complex, noisy and incomplete datasets. The algorithm leverages the frequency characterization and autocorrelation structure inherent in a time series to estimate its periodicity. We extend the methods to handle non-stationary time series by tracking the candidate periods using a Kalman filter. We also address the interesting problem of finding multiple interlaced periodicities.	Robust periodicity detection algorithms	NA:NA:NA	2018
Krishna P Chitrapura:Sachindra Joshi:Raghu Krishnapuram	Topic hierarchies are a popular method of summarizing the results obtained in response to a query in various search applications. However, topic hierarchies are rigid when they are pre-defined and somewhat unintuitive when they are dynamically generated by statistical techniques. In this paper, we propose an alternative approach to query disambiguation and result summarization by placing the results in set of contextual dimensions which can be viewed as facets. For the generic search scenario, we illustrate our approach by using three types of contextual dimensions, namely, concepts, features, and specializations. We use NLP techniques and a data mining algorithm to select distinct contexts.	Search result summarization and disambiguation via contextual dimensions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Balakrishnan Ramadoss:Kannan Rajkumar	This paper presents a system (DanVideo) that is implemented using J2SE and JMF to annotate manually the macro and micro features of the dance videos by the dance experts. As MPEG-7 has reached a matured state for the description of the multimedia structure and semantics through the Descriptors and Description Schemes, DanVideo generates a MPEG-7 instance that conforms to the MPEG-7 schema, semi-automatically and effortlessly from the dance annotations.	Semi-automatic annotation and MPEG-7 authoring of dance videos	NA:NA	2018
Diego Puppin:Fabrizio Silvestri	NA	The query-vector document model	NA:NA	2018
Shixia Liu:Nan Cao:Hao Lv:Hui Su	This paper presents an interactive visualization toolkit for navigating and analyzing the National Science Foundation (NSF) funding information. Our design builds upon an improved 2.5D treemap layout and the stacked graph to contribute customized techniques for visually navigating and interacting with the hierarchical data of NSF programs and proposals. Furthermore, an incremental layout method is adopted to handle information on a large scale. The improved treemap visualization will help to visually analyze the static funding related data and the stacked graph is utilized to analyze the time-series data. Through these visual analysis techniques, research trends of NSF, popular NSF programs are quickly identified.	The visual funding navigator: analysis of the NSF funding information	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi Zhuang:Yueting Zhuang:Qing Li:Lei Chen	In this paper, based on a novel shape-similarity-based retrieval method, we propose an interactive partial-distance-map (PDM)- based high-dimensional indexing scheme to speed up the retrieval performance of the large Chinese calligraphic character databases. Specifically, we use the approximate minimal bounding hyper- sphere of query character to search the PDM and utilize the users' relevance feedback to refine the search process. We conduct comprehensive experiments to testify the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed method.	Towards interactive indexing for large Chinese calligraphic character databases	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Carlos A. Heuser	NA	Session details: XML query processing (DB)	NA	2018
Tali Brodianskiy:Sara Cohen	It has been observed that queries over XML data sources are often unsatisfiable. Unsatisfiability may stem from several different sources, e.g., the user may be insufficiently familiar with the labels appearing the documents, or may not be intimately aware of the hierarchical structure of the documents. This difficulty may be compounded by the fact that errors in query formulation lead to an empty answer, and not to some sort of compilation error. To deal with query and document mismatches, previous research has considered returning answers that maximally satisfy (in some sense) the query, instead of only returning strictly satisfying answers. However, this breaks the golden database rule that only strictly satisfying answers are returned when querying. Indeed, the relationship between the query and answers is no longer clear, when unsatisfying answers are returned. To revive the golden database rule, this paper proposes a framework for deriving self-correcting queries over XML. This framework generates similar satisfiable queries, when the user query is unsatisfiable. The user can then choose a satisfiable query of interest, and receive exactly satisfying answers to this query.	Self-correcting queries for xml	NA:NA	2018
Stefanos Souldatos:Xiaoying Wu:Dimitri Theodoratos:Theodore Dalamagas:Timos Sellis	XML query languages typically allow the specification of structural patterns of elements. Finding the occurrences of such patterns in an XML tree is the key operation in XML query processing. Many algorithms have been presented for this operation. These algorithms focus mainly on the evaluation of path-pattern or tree-pattern queries. In this paper, we define a partial path-pattern query language, and we address the problem of its efficient evaluation on XML data. In order to process partial path-pattern queries, we introduce a set of sound and complete inference rules to characterize structural relationship derivation. We provide necessary and sufficient conditions for detecting query unsatisfiability and node redundancy. We show how partial path-pattern queries can be equivalently put in a canonical directed acyclic graph form. We developed two stack-based algorithms for the evaluation of partial path-pattern queries, PartialMJ and PartialPathStack. PartialMJ computes answers to the query by merge-joining the results of the root-to-leaf paths of a spanning tree of the query. PartialPathStack exploits a topological order of the nodes of the query graph to match the query pattern as a whole to the XML tree. The experimental evaluation of our algorithms shows that PartialPathStack is independent of intermediate results and largely outperforms PartialMJ.	Evaluation of partial path queries on xml data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Guoliang Li:Jianhua Feng:Jianyong Wang:Lizhu Zhou	In this paper, we study the problem of effective keyword search over XML documents. We begin by introducing the notion of Valuable Lowest Common Ancestor (VLCA) to accurately and effectively answer keyword queries over XML documents. We then propose the concept of Compact VLCA (CVLCA) and compute the meaningful compact connected trees rooted as CVLCAs as the answers of keyword queries. To efficiently compute CVLCAs, we devise an effective optimization strategy for speeding up the computation, and exploit the key properties of CVLCA in the design of the stack-based algorithm for answering keyword queries. We have conducted an extensive experimental study and the experimental results show that our proposed approach achieves both high efficiency and effectiveness when compared with existing proposals.	Effective keyword search for valuable lcas over xml documents	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alfredo Goñi	NA	Session details: Semantic annotation (KM)	NA	2018
Fei Wu:Daniel S. Weld	Berners-Lee's compelling vision of a Semantic Web is hindered by a chicken-and-egg problem, which can be best solved by a bootstrapping method - creating enough structured data to motivate the development of applications. This paper argues that autonomously "Semantifying Wikipedia" is the best way to solve the problem. We choose Wikipedia as an initial data source, because it is comprehensive, not too large, high-quality, and contains enough manually-derived structure to bootstrap an autonomous, self-supervised process. We identify several types of structures which can be automatically enhanced in Wikipedia (e.g., link structure, taxonomic data, infoboxes, etc.), and we describea prototype implementation of a self-supervised, machine learning system which realizes our vision. Preliminary experiments demonstrate the high precision of our system's extracted data - in one case equaling that of humans.	Autonomously semantifying wikipedia	NA:NA	2018
Nicola Fanizzi:Claudia d'Amato:Floriana Esposito	We present an evolutionary clustering method which can be applied to multi-relational knowledge bases storing semantic resource annotations expressed in the standard languages for the Semantic Web. The method exploits an effective and language-independent semi-distance measure defined for the space of individual resources, that is based on a finite number of dimensions corresponding to a committee of features represented by a group of concept descriptions (discriminating features). We show how to obtain a maximally discriminating group of features through a feature construction method based on genetic programming. The algorithm represents the possible clusterings as strings of central elements (medoids, w.r.t. the given metric) of variable length. Hence, the number of clusters is not needed as a parameter since the method can optimize it by means of the mutation operators and of a proper fitness function. We also show how to assign each cluster with a newly constructed intensional definition in the employed concept language. An experimentation with some ontologies proves the feasibility of our method and its effectiveness in terms of clustering validity indices.	Randomized metric induction and evolutionary conceptual clustering for semantic knowledge bases	NA:NA:NA	2018
Paul Doran:Valentina Tamma:Luigi Iannone	Problems resulting from the management of shared, distributed knowledge has led to ontologies being employed as a solution, in order to effectively integrate information across applications. This is dependent on having ways to share and reuse existing ontologies; with the increased availability of ontologies on the web, some of which include thousands of concepts, novel and more efficient methods for reuse are being devised. One possible way to achieve efficient ontology reuse is through the process of ontology module extraction. A novel approach to ontology module extraction is presented that aims to achieve more efficient reuse of very large ontologies; the motivation is drawn from an Ontology Engineering perspective. This paper provides a definition of ontology modules from the reuse perspective and an approach to module extraction based on such a definition. An abstract graph model for module extraction has been defined, along with a module extraction algorithm. The novel contribution of this paper is a module extraction algorithm that is independent of the language in which the ontology is expressed. This has been implemented in ModTool; a tool that produces ontology modules via extraction. Experiments were conducted to compare ModTool to other modularisation methods.	Ontology module extraction for ontology reuse: an ontology engineering perspective	NA:NA:NA	2018
Natasa Milic-Frayling	NA	Session details: Natural language I (IR)	NA	2018
Dmitri Roussinov:Ozgur Turetken	Many artificial intelligence tasks, such as automated question answering, reasoning or heterogeneous database integration, involve verification of a semantic category (e.g. "coffee" is a drink, "red" is a color, while "steak" is not a drink and "big" is not a color). We present a novel algorithm to automatically validate a semantic category. Contrary to the methods suggested earlier, our approach does not rely on any manually codified knowledge but instead capitalizes on the diversity of topics and word usage on the World Wide Web. We have tested our approach within our online fact-seeking (question answering) environment. When tested on the TREC questions that expect the answer to belong to a specific semantic category, our approach has improved the accuracy by up to 14% depending on the model and metrics used.	Semantic verification in an online fact seeking environment	NA:NA	2018
You Ouyang:Sujian Li:Wenjie Li	Most up-to-date well-behaved topic-based summarization systems are built upon the extractive framework. They score the sentences based on the associated features by manually assigning or experimentally tuning the weights of the features. In this paper, we discuss how to develop learning strategies in order to obtain the optimal feature weights automatically, which can be used for assigning a sound score to a sentence characterized with a set of features. The two fundamental issues are about training data and learning models. To save the costly manual annotation time and effort, we construct the training data by labeling the sentence with a "true" score calculated according to human summaries. The Support Vector Regression (SVR) model is then used to learn how to relate the "true" score of the sentence to its features. Once the relations have been mathematically modeled, SVR is able to predict the "estimated" score for any given sentence. The evaluations by ROUGE-2 criterion on DUC 2006 and DUC 2005 document sets demonstrate the competitiveness and the adaptability of the proposed approaches.	Developing learning strategies for topic-based summarization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Marius Paşca	Since answers to fact-seeking questions usually reside within small factual text nuggets, often "hidden" within full-length documents, their relevance to a question is not necessarily correlated to the relevance of the full-length document to the question. Yet previous approaches to open-domain textual question answering from large document collections quasi-unanimously employ a document retrieval stage, in order to apply widely different, often expensive answer mining techniques to only a small subset of documents. Depending on the collection size, 95% or more of the documents in the collection (much more in the case of the Web) are left out of the selected subset for any given query, and thus become invisible to subsequent processing stages for actual answer mining. This paper introduces a new model for answer retrieval for question answering. The collection is distilled offline into large repositories of facts. Each fact constitutes a potential direct answer to questions seeking a particular kind of entity or relation, such as questions asking about the date of particular events. Question answering becomes equivalent to online fact retrieval, which greatly simplifies the de-facto system architecture for fact-seeking question answering. In addition to simplicity, experiments on a fact repository acquired from approximately a billion Web documents illustrate the impact of fact repositories in extracting accurate answers to a standard evaluation set of open-domain test questions and additional sets of domain-specific questions.	Lightweight web-based fact repositories for textual question answering	NA	2018
Lucio Tinoco	NA	Session details: Enterprise information management (IND)	NA	2018
Ronny Lempel:Yosi Mass:Shila Ofek-Koifman:Dafna Sheinwald:Yael Petruschka:Ron Sivan	E-commerce and intranet search systems require newly arriving content to be indexed and made available for search within minutes or hours of arrival. Applications such as file system and email search demand even faster turnaround from search systems, requiring new content to become available for search almost instantaneously. However, incrementally updating inverted indices, which are the predominant datastructure used in search engines, is an expensive operation that most systems avoid performing at high rates. We present JiTI, a Just-in-Time Indexing component that allows searching over incoming content (nearly) as soon as that content reaches the system. JiTI's main idea is to invest less in the preprocessing of arriving data, at the expense of a tolerable latency in query response time. It is designed for deployment in search systems that maintain a large main index and that rebuild smaller stop-press indices once or twice an hour. JiTI augments such systems with instant retrieval capabilities over content arriving in between the stop-press builds. A main design point is for JiTI to demand few computational resources, in particular RAM and I/O. Our experiments consisted of injecting several documents and queries per second concurrently into the system over half-hour long periods. We believe that there are search applications for which the combination of the workloads we experimented with and the response times we measured present a viable solution to a pressing problem.	Just in time indexing for up to the second search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christian Drumm:Matthias Schmitt:Hong-Hai Do:Erhard Rahm	A common task in many database applications is the migration of legacy data from multiple sources into a new one. This requires identifying semantically related elements of the source and target systems and the creation of mapping expressions to transform instances of those elements from the source format to the target format. Currently, data migration is typically done manually, a tedious and timeconsuming process, which is difficult to scale to a high number of data sources. In this paper, we describe QuickMig, a new semi-automatic approach to determining semantic correspondences between schema elements for data migration applications. QuickMig advances the state of the art with a set of new techniques exploiting sample instances, domain ontologies, and reuse of existing mappings to detect not only element correspondences but also their mapping expressions. QuickMig further includes new mechanisms to effectively incorporate domain knowledge of users into the matching process. The results from a comprehensive evaluation using real-world schemas and data indicate the high quality and practicability of the overall approach.	Quickmig: automatic schema matching for data migration projects	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Youngja Park	This paper presents a SVM (Support Vector Machine) classification system which divides contact-center call transcripts into "Greeting", "Question", "Refine", "Research", "Resolution", "Closing" and "Out-of-topic" sections. This call section segmentation is useful to improve search and retrieval functions and to provide more detailed statistics on calls. We use an off-the-shelf automatic speech recognition (ASR) system to generate call transcripts from recorded calls between customers and service representatives. We first classify an individual utterance into a call section by applying the SVM classifier and then merge adjacent utterances classified into a same call section. We experiment with the proposed system on 100 automatically transcribed calls. The 10-fold cross validation shows 87.2% classification accuracy. We also compare the proposed algorithm with two other approaches - the most frequent section only method and a maximum entropy-based segmentation. The evaluation shows that our system's accuracy is 12% higher than the first baseline system and 6% higher than the second baseline system respectively.	Automatic call section segmentation for contact-center calls	NA	2018
Eduarda Mendes Rodrigues	NA	Session details: Classification and clustering I (KM)	NA	2018
Seyda Ertekin:Jian Huang:Leon Bottou:Lee Giles	This paper is concerned with the class imbalance problem which has been known to hinder the learning performance of classification algorithms. The problem occurs when there are significantly less number of observations of the target concept. Various real-world classification tasks, such as medical diagnosis, text categorization and fraud detection suffer from this phenomenon. The standard machine learning algorithms yield better prediction performance with balanced datasets. In this paper, we demonstrate that active learning is capable of solving the class imbalance problem by providing the learner more balanced classes. We also propose an efficient way of selecting informative instances from a smaller pool of samples for active learning which does not necessitate a search through the entire dataset. The proposed method yields an efficient querying system and allows active learning to be applied to very large datasets. Our experimental results show that with an early stopping criteria, active learning achieves a fast solution with competitive prediction performance in imbalanced data classification.	Learning on the border: active learning in imbalanced data classification	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jun Wang:Meng Chen Lee	The automated text categorization (TC) has made prominent progress in recent years. However, seldom work is done on automatic classification with library classification systems, the largest and most sophisticated classification systems people ever built, such as the Dewey Decimal classification (DDC). The library classification is a very laborious and time-consuming job that requires qualification and good training. The large-scale classification schemes, such as the DDC, impose several obstacles to the state-of-art TC technologies, including very deep hierarchy, data sparseness, and skewed category distribution. These problems characterize large corpora of real-world applications and it is very hard, if not impossible, to obtain satisfactory results. In this paper, we propose a novel algorithm to reconstruct classification schemes according to the document density and category distribution, and to transform the category hierarchy into a balanced virtual taxonomy by merging sparse categories, lopping dense branches and flattening the hierarchy. To make the classification performance acceptable to real-world applications, we also propose an interactive classification model that only needs two or three times of user interaction. Extensive experiments are conducted on a 10-year bibliographic data collection of the Library of Congress to verify the proposed methodology.	Reconstructing ddc for interactive classification	NA:NA	2018
Tao Li:Sarabjot Singh Anand	Clustering is a common technique used to extract knowledge from a dataset in unsupervised learning. In contrast to classical propositional approaches that only focus on simple and flat datasets, relational clustering can handle multi-type interrelated data objects directly and adopt semantic information hidden in the linkage structure to improve the clustering result. However, exploring linkage information will greatly reduce the scalability of relational clustering. Moreover, some characteristics of vector data space utilized to accelerate the propositional clustering procedure are no longer valid in relational data space. These two disadvantages restrain the relational clustering techniques from being applied to very large datasets or in time-critical tasks, such as online recommender systems. In this paper we propose a new variance-based clustering algorithm to address the above difficulties. Our algorithm combines the advantages of divisive and agglomerative clustering paradigms to improve the quality of cluster results. By adopting the idea of Representative Object, it can be executed with linear time complexity. Experimental results show our algorithm achieves high accuracy, efficiency and robustness in comparison with some well-known relational clustering approaches.	Diva: a variance-based clustering approach for multi-type relational data	NA:NA	2018
Lee Giles	NA	Session details: Web retrieval I (IR)	NA	2018
Marc A. Najork	This paper compares the effectiveness of two well-known query-dependent link-based ranking algorithms, "Hyperlink-Induced Topic Search" (HITS) and the "Stochastic Approach for Link-Structure Analysis" (SALSA). The two algorithms are evaluated on a very large web graph induced by 463 million crawled web pages and a set of 28,043 queries and 485,656 results labeled by human judges. We employed three different performance measures - mean average precision (MAP), mean reciprocal rank (MRR), and normalized discounted cumulative gain (NDCG). We found that as an isolated feature, SALSA substantially outperforms HITS. This is quite surprising, given that the two algorithms operate over the same neighborhood graph induced by the query result set. We also studied the combination of SALSA and HITS with BM25F, a state-of-the-art text-based scoring function that incorporates anchor text. We found that the combination of SALSA and BM25F outperforms the combination of HITS and BM25F. Finally, we broke down our query set by query specificity, and found that SALSA (and to a lesser extent HITS) is most effective for general queries.	Comparing the effectiveness of hits and salsa	NA	2018
David Fernandes:Edleno S. de Moura:Berthier Ribeiro-Neto:Altigran S. da Silva:Marcos André Gonçalves	In this paper we consider the problem of using the block structure of a Web page to improve ranking results when searching for information on Web sites. Given the block structure of the Web pages as input, we propose a method for computing the importance of each block (in the form of block weights) in a Web collection. As we show through experiments, the deployment of our method may allow a significant improvement in the quality of search results. We ran experiments to compare the quality of search results when using our method to the quality obtained when using no structure information. When compared to a ranking method that considered pages as monolithic units, our block-based ranking method led to improvements in the quality of search results in experiments with two sites with heterogeneous structures. Further, our method does not increase the cost of processing queries when compared to the systems using no structural information.	Computing block importance for searching on web sites	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Benjamin Piwowarski:Hugo Zaragoza	Web search engines consistently collect information about users interaction with the system: they record the query they issued, the URL of presented and selected documents along with their ranking. This information is very valuable: It is a poll over millions of users on the most various topics and it has been used in many ways to mine users interests and preferences. Query logs have the potential to partially alleviate the search engines from thousand of searches by providing a way to predict answers for a subset of queries and users without knowing the content of a document. Even if the predicted result is at rank one, this analysis might be of interest: If there is enough confidence on a user's click, we might redirect the user directly to the page whose link would be clicked. In this paper, we present three different models for predicting user clicks, ranging from most specific ones (using only past user history for the query) to very general ones (aggregating data over all users for a given query). The former model has a very high precision at low recall values, while the latter can achieve high recalls. We show that it is possible to combine the different models to predict with high accuracy (over 90%) a high subset of query sessions (24% of all the sessions).	Predictive user click models based on click-through history	NA:NA	2018
Geneviève Jomier	NA	Session details: Spatio-temporal databases and time series streams (DB)	NA	2018
Reasey Praing:Markus Schneider	Spatio-temporal databases deal with geometries changing over time. In general, geometries do not only change discretely but continuously; hence we are dealing with moving objects. In the past, a few moving object data models and query languages have been proposed. Each of them supports either historical movements or future movements but not both together. Consequently, queries that start in the past and extend into the future cannot be supported. To model both historical and future movements of an object, two separate concepts with different properties are required, and extra attention is necessary to avoid their conflicts. Furthermore, current definitions of moving objects are too general and vague. It is unclear how a moving object is allowed to move through space and time. For instance, the continuity or discontinuity of motion is not specified. In this paper, we propose a new moving object data model called Balloon model which provides integrated support for both historical and future movements of moving objects. As part of the model, we provide formal definitions of moving objects with respect to their past and future movements. All kinds of queries including past queries, future queries, and queries that start in the past and end in the future are supported in our model.	Modeling historical and future movements of spatio-temporal objects in moving objects databases	NA:NA	2018
Carlo Combi:Angelo Montanari:Giuseppe Pozzi	Time characterizes every aspect of our life and its management when storing and querying data is very important. In this paper we propose a new temporal query language, called T4SQL, supporting multiple temporal dimensions of data. Besides the well-known valid and transaction times, it encompasses two additional temporal dimensions, namely, availability and event times. The availability time records when information is known and treated as true by the information system; the event times record the occurrence times of both the event that starts the valid time and the event that ends it. T4SQL is capable to deal with different temporal semantics (atemporal aka non-sequenced, current, sequenced, next) with respect to every temporal dimension. Moreover, T4SQL provides a novel temporal grouping clause and an orthogonal management of temporal properties when defining the selection condition(s) and the schema for the output relation.	The t4sql temporal query language	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tiancheng Zhang:Dejun Yue:Yu Gu:Ge Yu	Correlation analysis is a basic problem in the field of data stream mining. Typical approaches add sliding window to data streams to get the recent results, but the window length defined by users is always fixed which is not suitable for the changing stream environment. We propose a Boolean representation based data-adaptive method for correlation analysis among a large number of time series streams. The periodical trends of each stream series to are monitored to choose the most suitable window size and group the series with the same trends together. Instead of adopting complex pair-wise calculation, we can also quickly get the correlation pairs of series at the optimal window sizes. All the processing is realized by simple Boolean operations. Both the theory analysis and the experimental evaluations show that our method has good computation efficiency with high accuracy.	Boolean representation based data-adaptive correlation analysis over time series streams	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
André O. Falcão	NA	Session details: Explanation, knowledge provenance and synthesis (KM)	NA	2018
Anthony Don:Elena Zheleva:Machon Gregory:Sureyya Tarkan:Loretta Auvil:Tanya Clement:Ben Shneiderman:Catherine Plaisant	This paper addresses the problem of making text mining results more comprehensible to humanities scholars, journalists, intelligence analysts, and other researchers, in order to support the analysis of text collections. Our system, FeatureLens1, visualizes a text collection at several levels of granularity and enables users to explore interesting text patterns. The current implementation focuses on frequent itemsets of n-grams, as they capture the repetition of exact or similar expressions in the collection. Users can find meaningful co-occurrences of text patterns by visualizing them within and across documents in the collection. This also permits users to identify the temporal evolution of usage such as increasing, decreasing or sudden appearance of text patterns. The interface could be used to explore other text features as well. Initial studies suggest that FeatureLens helped a literary scholar and 8 users generate new hypotheses and interesting insights using 2 text collections.	Discovering interesting usage patterns in text collections: integrating text mining with visualization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jonathan Yu:James A. Thom:Audrey Tam	Ontology evaluation is a maturing discipline with methodologies and measures being developed and proposed. However, evaluation methods that have been proposed have not been applied to specific examples. In this paper, we present the state-of-the-art in ontology evaluation - current methodologies, criteria and measures, analyse appropriate evaluations that are important to our application - browsing in Wikipedia, and apply these evaluations in the context of ontologies with varied properties. Specifically, we seek to evaluate ontologies based on categories found in Wikipedia.	Ontology evaluation using wikipedia categories for browsing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rada Mihalcea:Andras Csomai	This paper introduces the use of Wikipedia as a resource for automatic keyword extraction and word sense disambiguation, and shows how this online encyclopedia can be used to achieve state-of-the-art results on both these tasks. The paper also shows how the two methods can be combined into a system able to automatically enrich a text with links to encyclopedic knowledge. Given an input document, the system identifies the important concepts in the text and automatically links these concepts to the corresponding Wikipedia pages. Evaluations of the system show that the automatic annotations are reliable and hardly distinguishable from manual annotations.	Wikify!: linking documents to encyclopedic knowledge	NA:NA	2018
Meiqun Hu:Ee-Peng Lim:Aixin Sun:Hady Wirawan Lauw:Ba-Quy Vuong	Wikipedia has grown to be the world largest and busiest free encyclopedia, in which articles are collaboratively written and maintained by volunteers online. Despite its success as a means of knowledge sharing and collaboration, the public has never stopped criticizing the quality of Wikipedia articles edited by non-experts and inexperienced contributors. In this paper, we investigate the problem of assessing the quality of articles in collaborative authoring of Wikipedia. We propose three article quality measurement models that make use of the interaction data between articles and their contributors derived from the article edit history. Our B<scp>asic</scp> model is designed based on the mutual dependency between article quality and their author authority. The P<scp>eer</scp>R<scp>eview</scp> model introduces the review behavior into measuring article quality. Finally, our P<scp>rob</scp>R<scp>eview</scp> models extend P<scp>eer</scp>R<scp>eview</scp> with partial reviewership of contributors as they edit various portions of the articles. We conduct experiments on a set of well-labeled Wikipedia articles to evaluate the effectiveness of our quality measurement models in resembling human judgement.	Measuring article quality in wikipedia: models and evaluation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mounia Lalmas	NA	Session details: IR modeling (IR)	NA	2018
Donald A. Metzler	Previous applications of the Markov random field model for information retrieval have used manually chosen features. However, it is often difficult or impossible to know, a priori, the best set of features to use for a given task or data set. Therefore, there is a need to develop automatic feature selection techniques. In this paper we describe a greedy procedure for automatically selecting features to use within the Markov random field model for information retrieval. We also propose a novel, robust method for describing classes of textual information retrieval features. Experimental results, evaluated on standard TREC test collections, show that our feature selection algorithm produces models that are either significantly more effective than, or equally effective as, models with manually selected features, such as those used in the past.	Automatic feature selection in the markov random field model for information retrieval	NA	2018
Ben He:Iadh Ounis	The term frequency normalisation parameter sensitivity is an important issue in the probabilistic model for Information Retrieval. A high parameter sensitivity indicates that a slight change of the parameter value may considerably affect the retrieval performance. Therefore, a weighting model with a high parameter sensitivity is not robust enough to provide a consistent retrieval performance across different collections and queries. In this paper, we suggest that the parameter sensitivity is due to the fact that the query term weights are not adequate enough to allow informative query terms to differ from non-informative ones. We show that query term reweighing, which is part of the relevance feedback process, can be successfully used to reduce the parameter sensitivity. Experiments on five Text REtrieval Conference (TREC) collections show that the parameter sensitivity does remarkably decrease when query terms are reweighed.	Parameter sensitivity in the probabilistic model for ad-hoc retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Massimo Melucci:Ryen W. White	Implicit feedback algorithms utilize interaction between searchers and search systems to learn more about users' needs and interests than expressed in query statements alone. This additional information can be used to formulate improved queries or directly improve retrieval performance. In this paper we present a geometric framework that utilizes multiple sources of evidence present in this interaction context (e.g., display time, document retention) to develop enhanced implicit feedback models personalized for each user and tailored for each search task. We use rich interaction logs (and associated metadata such as relevance judgments), gathered during a longitudinal user study, as relevance stimuli to compare an implicit feedback algorithm developed using the framework with alternative algorithms. Our findings demonstrate both the effectiveness of our proposed algorithm and the potential value of incorporating multiple sources of interaction evidence when developing implicit feedback algorithms.	Utilizing a geometry of context for enhanced implicit feedback	NA:NA	2018
Marcos A. Gonçalves	NA	Session details: Record linkage and approximate matching (DB)	NA	2018
Hung-sik Kim:Dongwon Lee	We study the parallelization of the (record) linkage problem - i.e., to identify matching records between two collections of records, A and B. One of main idiosyncrasies of the linkage problem, compared to Database join, is the fact that once two records a in A and b in B are matched and merged to c, c needs to be compared to the rest of records in A and B again since it may incur new matching. This re-feeding stage of the linkage problem requires its solution to be iterative, and complicates the problem significantly. Toward this problem, we first discuss three plausible scenarios of inputs - when both collections are clean, only one is clean, and both are dirty. Then, we show that the intricate interplay between match and merge can exploit the characteristics of each scenario to achieve good parallelization. Our parallel algorithms achieve 6.55-7.49 times faster in speedup compared to sequential ones with 8 processors, and 11.15-18.56% improvement in efficiency compared to P-Swoosh.	Parallel linkage	NA:NA	2018
Luís Leitão:Pável Calado:Melanie Weis	Fuzzy duplicate detection aims at identifying multiple representations of real-world objects stored in a data source, and is a task of critical practical relevance in data cleaning, data mining, or data integration. It has a long history for relational data stored in a single table (or in multiple tables with equal schema). Algorithms for fuzzy duplicate detection in more complex structures, e.g., hierarchies of a data warehouse, XML data, or graph data have only recently emerged. These algorithms use similarity measures that consider the duplicate status of their direct neighbors, e.g., children in hierarchical data, to improve duplicate detection effectiveness. In this paper, we propose a novel method for fuzzy duplicate detection in hierarchical and semi-structured XML data. Unlike previous approaches, it not only considers the duplicate status of children, but rather the probability of descendants being duplicates. Probabilities are computed efficiently using a Bayesian network. Experiments show the proposed algorithm is able to maintain high precision and recall values, even when dealing with data containing a high amount of errors and missing information. Our proposal is also able to outperform a state-of-the-art duplicate detection system on three different XML databases.	Structure-based inference of xml similarity for fuzzy duplicate detection	NA:NA:NA	2018
Carina F. Dorneles:Carlos A. Heuser:Viviane Moreira Orengo:Altigran S. da Silva:Edleno S. de Moura	The goal of approximate data matching is to assess whether two distinct data instances represent the same real world object. This is usually achieved through the use of a similarity function, which returns a score that defines how similar two data instances are. If this score surpasses a given threshold, both data instances are considered as representing the same real world object. The score values returned by a similarity function depend on the algorithm that implements the function and have no meaning to the user (apart from the fact that a higher similarity value means that two data instances are more similar). In this paper, we propose that instead of defining the threshold in terms of the scores returned by a similarity function, the user specifies the precision that is expected from the matching process. Precision is a well known quality measure and has a clear interpretation from the user's point of view. Our approach relies on mapping between similarity scores and precision values based on a training data set. Experimental results show the training may be executed against a representative data set, and reused for other databases from the same domain.	A strategy for allowing meaningful and comparable scores in approximate matching	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marc Najork	NA	Session details: Miscellaneous (IR)	NA	2018
Gordon V. Cormack:José María Gómez Hidalgo:Enrique Puertas Sánz	We consider the problem of content-based spam filtering for short text messages that arise in three contexts: mobile (SMS) communication, blog comments, and email summary information such as might be displayed by a low-bandwidth client. Short messages often consist of only a few words, and therefore present a challenge to traditional bag-of-words based spam filters. Using three corpora of short messages and message fields derived from real SMS, blog, and spam messages, we evaluate feature-based and compression-model-based spam filters. We observe that bag-of-words filters can be improved substantially using different features, while compression-model filters perform quite well as-is. We conclude that content filtering for short messages is surprisingly effective.	Spam filtering for short messages	NA:NA:NA	2018
Georgios Paltoglou:Michail Salampasis:Maria Satratzemi	The problem of results merging in distributed information retrieval environments has been approached by two different directions in research. Estimation approaches attempt to calculate the relevance of the returned documents through ad-hoc methodologies (weighted score merging, regression etc) while download approaches, download all the documents locally, partially or completely, in order to estimate "first hand" their relevance. Both have their advantages and disadvantages. It is assumed that download algorithms are more effective but they are very expensive in terms of time and bandwidth. Estimation approaches on the other hand, usually rely on document relevance scores being returned by the remote collections in order to achieve maximum performance. In addition to that, regression algorithms, which have proved to be more effective than weighted scores merging, rely on a significant number of overlap documents in order to function effectively, practically requiring multiple interactions with the remote collections. The new algorithm that is introduced reconciles the above two approaches, combining their strengths, while minimizing their weaknesses. It is based on downloading a limited, selected number of documents from the remote collections and estimating the relevance of the rest through regression methodologies. The proposed algorithm is tested in a variety of settings and its performance is found to be better than estimation approaches, while approximating that of download.	Hybrid results merging	NA:NA:NA	2018
Aris Anagnostopoulos:Andrei Z. Broder:Evgeniy Gabrilovich:Vanja Josifovski:Lance Riedel	Contextual Advertising is a type of Web advertising, which, given the URL of a Web page, aims to embed into the page (typically via JavaScript) the most relevant textual ads available. For static pages that are displayed repeatedly, the matching of ads can be based on prior analysis of their entire content; however, ads need to be matched also to new or dynamically created pages that cannot be processed ahead of time. Analyzing the entire body of such pages on-the-fly entails prohibitive communication and latency costs. To solve the three-horned dilemma of either low-relevance or high-latency or high-load, we propose to use text summarization techniques paired with external knowledge (exogenous to the page) to craft short page summaries in real time. Empirical evaluation proves that matching ads on the basis of such summaries does not sacrifice relevance, and is competitive with matching based on the entire page content. Specifically, we found that analyzing a carefully selected 5% fraction of the page text sacrifices only 1%-3% in ad relevance. Furthermore, our summaries are fully compatible with the standard JavaScript mechanisms used for ad placement: they can be produced at ad-display time by simple additions to the usual script, and they only add 500-600 bytes to the usual request.	Just-in-time contextual advertising	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Charles Nicholas	NA	Session details: Query expansion (IR)	NA	2018
Craig Macdonald:Iadh Ounis	Pseudo-relevance feedback, or query expansion, has been shown to improve retrieval performance in the adhoc retrieval task. In such a scenario, a few top-ranked documents are assumed to be relevant, and these are then used to expand and refine the initial user query, such that it retrieves a higher quality ranking of documents. However, there has been little work in applying query expansion in the expert search task. In this setting, query expansion is applied by assuming a few top-ranked candidates have relevant expertise, and using these to expand the query. Nevertheless, retrieval is not improved as expected using such an approach. We show that the success of the application of query expansion is hindered by the presence of topic drift within the profiles of experts that the system considers. In this work, we demonstrate how topic drift occurs in the expert profiles, and moreover, we propose three measures to predict the amount of drift occurring in an expert's profile. Finally, we suggest and evaluate ways of enhancing query expansion in expert search using our new insights. Our results show that, once topic drift has been anticipated, query expansion can be successfully applied in a general manner in the expert search task.	Expertise drift and query expansion in expert search	NA:NA	2018
Guihong Cao:Jianfeng Gao:Jian-Yun Nie:Jing Bai	Dictionary-based approaches to query translation have been widely used in Cross-Language Information Retrieval (CLIR) experiments. However, translation has been not only limited by the coverage of the dictionary, but also affected by translation ambiguities. In this paper we propose a novel method of query translation that combines other types of term relation to complement the dictionary-based translation. This allows extending the literal query translation to related words, which produce a beneficial effect of query expansion in CLIR. In this paper, we model query translation by Markov Chains (MC), where query translation is viewed as a process of expanding query terms to their semantically similar terms in a different language. In MC, terms and their relationships are modeled as a directed graph, and query translation is performed as a random walk in the graph, which propagates probabilities to related terms. This framework allows us to incorporating different types of term relation, either between two languages or within the source or target languages. In addition, the iterative training process of MC allows us to attribute higher probabilities to the target terms more related to the original query, thus offers a solution to the translation ambiguity problem. We evaluated our method on three CLIR benchmark collections, and obtained significant improvements over traditional dictionary-based approaches.	Extending query translation to cross-language query expansion with markov chain models	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rong Yan:Alexander Hauprmann	As one of the most effective query expansion approaches, local feedback is able to automatically discover new query terms and improve retrieval accuracy for different retrieval models. However, the performance of local feedback is heavily dependent on the assumption that most top-ranked documents are relevant to the query topic. Although this assumption might be sensible for ad-hoc text retrieval, it is usually violated in many other retrieval tasks such as multimedia retrieval. In this paper, we develop a robust local analysis approach called probabilistic local feedback (PLF) based on a discriminative probabilistic retrieval framework. The proposed model is effective for improving retrieval accuracy without assuming the most top-ranked documents are relevant. It also provides a sound probabilistic interpretation and a convergence guarantee on the iterative result updating process. Although derived from variational techniques, this approach only involves an iterative process of simple operations on ranking features and thus can be computed efficiently in practice. Our multimedia retrieval experiments on TRECVID'03-'05 collections have demonstrated the advantage of the proposed PLF approaches which can achieve noticeable gains in terms of mean average precision over various baseline methods and PRF-augmented results.	Query expansion using probabilistic local feedback with application to multimedia retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Dongwon Lee	NA	Session details: Query processing (DB)	NA	2018
Edward P. F. Chan:Jie Zhang	We investigate the problem of how to evaluate, fast and efficiently, classes of optimal route queries on a massive graph in a unified framework. To evaluate a route query effectively, a large network is partitioned into a collection of fragments, and distances of some optimal routes in the network are pre-computed. Under such a setting, we find a unified algorithm that can evaluate classes of optimal route queries. The classes that can be processed efficiently are called constraint preserving (CP) which include, among others, shortest path, forbidden edges, forbidden nodes and α-autonomy optimal route query classes. We prove the correctness of the unified algorithm. We then turn our attention to the optimization of the proposed algorithm. Several pruning and optimization techniques are derived that minimize the search time and I/O accesses. We show empirically that these techniques are effective. The proposed optimal route query evaluation algorithm, with all these techniques incorporated, is compared with a main-memory and a disk-based brute-force CP algorithms. We show experimentally that the proposed unified algorithm outperforms the brute-force algorithms, both in term of CPU time and I/O cost, by a wide margin.	A fast unified optimal route query evaluation algorithm	NA:NA	2018
Manuel Tamashiro:Alex Thomo:Srinivasan Venkatesh	Regular path queries (RPQ's) are given by means of regular expressions and ask for matching patterns on labeled graphs. RPQ's have received great attention in the context of semistructured data, which are data whose structure is irregular, partially known, or subject to frequent changes. One of the most important problems in databases today is the integration of semistructured data from multiple sources modeled as views. The well-know paradigm of computing first a view-based rewriting of the query, and then evaluating the rewriting on the view extensions is indeed possible for RPQ's. However, computing the rewriting is computationally hard as it can only be done (in the worst case) in not less than 2EXPTIME. In this paper, we provide practical evidence that computing the rewriting is hard on the average as well. On the positive side, we propose automata-theoretic techniques, which efficiently compute and utilize instead the complement of the rewriting. Notably using the latter, it is possible to answer a query, and this makes the view-based answering of RPQ's fairly feasible in practice.	Towards practically feasible answering of regular path queries in lav data integration	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tao-Young Fu:Wen-Chih Peng:Wang-Chien Lee	Spatial queries for extracting data from wireless sensor networks are important for many applications, such as environmental monitoring and military surveillance. One such query is K Nearest Neighbor (KNN) query that facilitates sampling of monitored sensor data in correspondence with a given query location. Recently, itinerary-based KNN query processing techniques, that propagate queries and collect data along a pre-determined itinerary, have been developed concurrently [12] [14]. These research works demonstrate that itinerary-based KNN query processing algorithms are able to achieve better energy efficiency than other existing algorithms. However, how to derive itineraries based on different performance requirements remains a challenging problem. In this paper, we propose a new itinerary-based KNN query processing technique, called PCIKNN, that derives different itineraries aiming at optimizing two performance criteria, response latency and energy consumption. The performance of PCIKNN is analyzed mathematically and evaluated through extensive experiments. Experimental results show that PCIKNN has better performance and scalability than the state-of-the-art.	Optimizing parallel itineraries for knn query processing in wireless sensor networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Pavel Calado	NA	Session details: Classification and clustering II (KM)	NA	2018
Jing Jiang:ChengXiang Zhai	In this paper, we consider the problem of adapting statistical classifiers trained from some source domains where labeled examples are available to a target domain where no labeled example is available. One characteristic of such a domain adaptation problem is that the examples in the source domains and the target domain are known to follow different distributions. Thus a regular classification method would tend to overfit the source domains. We present a two-stage approach to domain adaptation, where at the first <generalization stage, we look for a set of features generalizable across domains, and at the second adaptation stage, we pick up useful features specific to the target domain. Observing that the exact objective function is hard to optimize, we then propose a number of heuristics to approximately achieve the goal of generalization and adaptation. Our experiments on gene name recognition using a real data set show the effectiveness of our general framework and the heuristics.	A two-stage approach to domain adaptation for statistical classifiers	NA:NA	2018
Benjamin Rosenfeld:Ronen Feldman	Unsupervised Relation Identification is the task of automatically discovering interesting relations between entities in a large text corpora. Relations are identified by clustering the frequently co-occurring pairs of entities in such a way that pairs occurring in similar contexts end up belonging to the same clusters. In this paper we compare several clustering setups, some of them novel and others already tried. The setups include feature extraction and selection methods and clustering algorithms. In order to do the comparison, we develop a clustering evaluation metric, specifically adapted for the relation identification task. Our experiments demonstrate significant superiority of the single-linkage hierarchical clustering with the novel threshold selection technique over the other tested clustering algorithms. Also, the experiments indicate that for successful relation identification it is important to use rich complex features of two kinds: features that test both relation slots together ("relation features"), and features that test only one slot each ("entity features"). We have found that using both kinds of features with the best of the algorithms produces very high-precision results, significantly improving over the previous work.	Clustering for unsupervised relation identification	NA:NA	2018
Mounir Bechchi:Guillaume Raschia:Noureddine Mouaddib	The database summarization system coined S<scp>aint</scp>E<scp>ti</scp>Q provides multi-resolution summaries of structured data stored into acentralized database. Summaries are computed online with a conceptual hierarchical clustering algorithm. However, most companies work in distributed legacy environments and consequently the current centralized version of S<scp>aint</scp>E<scp>ti</scp>Q is either not feasible (privacy preserving) or not desirable (resource limitations). To address this problem, we propose new algorithms to generate a single summary hierarchy given two distinct hierarchies, without scanning the raw data. The Greedy Merging Algorithm (GMA) takes all leaves of both hierarchies and generates the optimal partitioning for the considered data set with regards to a cost function (compactness and separation). Then, a hierarchical organization of summaries is built by agglomerating or dividing clusters such that the cost function may emphasize local or global patterns in the data. Thus, we obtain two different hierarchies according to the performed optimisation. However, this approach breaks down due to its exponential time complexity. Two alternative approaches with constant time complexity w.r.t. the number of data items, are proposed to tackle this problem. The first one, called Merge by Incorporation Algorithm (MIA), relies on the S<scp>aint</scp>E<scp>ti</scp>Q engine whereas the second approach, named Merge by Alignment Algorithm (MAA), consists in rearranging summaries by levels in a top-down manner. Then, we compare those approaches using an original quality measure in order to quantify how good our merged hierarchies are. Finally, an experimental study, using real data sets, shows that merging processes (MIA and MAA) are efficient in terms of computational time.	Merging distributed database summaries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Massimo Melucci	NA	Session details: Semantic IR (IR)	NA	2018
Susan L. Price:Marianne Lykke Nielsen:Lois M. L. Delcambre:Peter Vedsted	We seek to leverage knowledge about information organization in a domain to effectively and efficiently meet targeted information needs of expert users. The semantic components model represents document content in a manner that is complementary to full text and keyword indexing. Semantic component instances are segments of text about a particular aspect of the main topic of the document and may not correspond to structural elements in the document. This paper describes the semantic components model and presents experimental evidence from a large interactive searching study showing that semantic components, used to supplement full text and keyword indexing and to extend the query language, enhanced the retrieval of domain-specific documents in response to realistic queries posed by real users.	Semantic components enhance retrieval of domain-specific documents	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Trong-Ton Pham:Nicolas Eric Maillot:Joo-Hwee Lim:Jean-Pierre Chevallet	This paper studies the effect of Latent Semantic Analysis (LSA) on two different tasks: multimedia document retrieval (MDR) and automatic image annotation (AIA). The contributions of this paper are twofold. First, to the best of our knowledge, this work is the first study of the influence of LSA on the retrieval of a significant number of multimedia documents (i.e. collection of 20000 tourist images). Second, it shows how different image representations (region-based and keypoint-based) can be combined by LSA to improve automatic image annotation. The document collections used for these experiments are the Corel photo collection and ImageCLEF 2006 collection.	Latent semantic fusion model for image retrieval and annotation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David N. Milne:Ian H. Witten:David M. Nichols	This paper describes Koru, a new search interface that offers effective domain-independent knowledge-based information retrieval. Koru exhibits an understanding of the topics of both queries and documents. This allows it to (a) expand queries automatically and (b) help guide the user as they evolve their queries interactively. Its understanding is mined from the vast investment of manual effort and judgment that is Wikipedia. We show how this open, constantly evolving encyclopedia can yield inexpensive knowledge structures that are specifically tailored to expose the topics, terminology and semantics of individual document collections. We conducted a detailed user study with 12 participants and 10 topics from the 2005 TREC HARD track, and found that Koru and its underlying knowledge base offers significant advantages over traditional keyword search. It was capable of lending assistance to almost every query issued to it; making their entry more efficient, improving the relevance of the documents they return, and narrowing the gap between expert and novice seekers.	A knowledge-based search engine powered by wikipedia	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ee-Peng Lim	NA	Session details: OLAP and multi-dimensional databases (DB)	NA	2018
Akihiro Inokuchi:Koichi Takeda	There are increasingly visible demands for structured/ unstructured information integration and advanced analytics. However, conventional database technology has not been able to present a robust and practical implementation of a truly integrated architecture for such purposes. After working on several industrial applications (in particular, in the healthcare and life sciences area), we have identified fundamental issues and technical approaches to tackle the issues. In this paper, we propose data representations and algebraic operations for integrating semantic information (e.g., ontologies) into OLAP systems, which allow us to analyze a huge set of textual documents with their underlying semantic information. The performance of the prototype implementation has been evaluated using real world datasets, and the high scalability and flexibility of our approach have been confirmed with respect to the computation time.	A method for online analytical processing of text data	NA:NA	2018
Todd Eavis:Ahmad Taleb	Online Analytical Processing is a database paradigm that provides for the rich analysis of multi-dimensional data. OLAP is often supported by a logical structure known as the Cube. However, supporting efficient OLAP query resolution in enterprise scale environments is an issue of considerable complexity. In practice, the difficulty of the problem is exacerbated by the existence of dimension hierarchies that sub-divide core dimensions into aggregation layers of varying granularity. Common hierarchy-sensitive query operations such as Rollup and Drilldown can be very costly on large cubes. Moreover, facilities for the representation of more complex hierarchical relationships are not well supported by conventional techniques. This paper presents a robust hierarchy infrastructure called mapGraph that supports the efficient and transparent manipulation of attribute hierarchies within OLAP environments. Experimental results verify that, when compared to the alternatives, very little additional overhead is introduced, even when advanced functionality is exploited.	Mapgraph: efficient methods for complex olap hierarchies	NA:NA	2018
Todd Eavis:Alex Lopez	Database query engines typically rely upon query size estimators in order to evaluate the potential cost of alternate query plans. In multi-dimensional database systems, such as those typically found in large data warehousing environments, these selectivity estimators often take the form of multi-dimensional histograms. But while single dimensional histograms have proven to be quite accurate, even in the presence of data skew, the multi-dimensional variations have generally been far less reliable. In this paper, we present a new histogram model that is based upon an r-tree space partitioning. The localization of the r-tree boxes is in turn controlled by a Hilbert space filling curve, while a series of efficient area equalization heuristics restructures the initial boxes to provide improved bucket representation. Experimental results demonstrate significantly improved estimation accuracy relative to state of the art alternatives, as well as superior consistency across a variety of record distributions.	Rk-hist: an r-tree based histogram for multi-dimensional selectivity estimation	NA:NA	2018
Prasenjit Mitra	NA	Session details: Information extraction, conceptual clustering, and prioritization (KM)	NA	2018
Marius Paşca:Benjamin Van Durme:Nikesh Garera	Challenging the implicit reliance on document collections, this paper discusses the pros and cons of using query logs rather than document collections, as self-contained sources of data in textual information extraction. The differences are quantified as part of a large-scale study on extracting prominent attributes or quantifiable properties of classes (e.g., top speed, price and fuel consumption for CarModel) from unstructured text. In a head-to-head qualitative comparison, a lightweight extraction method produces class attributes that are 45% more accurate on average, when acquired from query logs rather than Web documents.	The role of documents vs. queries in extracting class attributes from text	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jean-Pierre Chevallet:Joo-Hwee Lim:Diem Thi Hoang Le	Conceptual Indexing is a way to produce only one index for many multilingual documents. Inter-Media conceptual indexing promotes the use of common concepts between two media in order to use a single index for several media. In this paper we explore such an advance indexing point of view. We show the benefit of an automatic conceptual indexing for texts and its extension for text and image documents. Tests are conducted on the multilingual image and text medical document corpus of the CLEF initiative, where we obtain best results on text in 2005 and 2006, and show promising results on images, and best results for the combination of image and text.	Domain knowledge conceptual inter-media indexing: application to multilingual multimedia medical reports	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jennifer Chu-Carroll:John Prager	Researchers have shown that various natural language processing techniques can be used in document analysis to impact search performance. For the most part, they examined how an analysis system with certain performance characteristics can be leveraged to improve document and/or passage search results. We have previously shown that semantic queries which utilize named entity and relation information extracted from the corpus can lead to significant improvement in search performance. In this paper, we extend our previous efforts and examine how search performance degrades in the face of imperfect named entity and relation extraction. Our study was carried out by developing gold standard annotated corpora and applying different error models to the gold standard annotations to simulate errors made by automatic recognizers. We identify automatic recognizer characteristics that make them more amenable to our search tasks, show that recognizer recall has more significant impact on semantic search performance than its precision, and demonstrate that significant improvement in both MAP and Exact Precision scores can be achieved by adopting automatic named entity and relation recognizers with near state-of-the-art performance.	An experimental study of the impact of information extraction accuracy on semantic search performance	NA:NA	2018
Lida Li:Michael J. Muller:Werner Geyer:Casey Dugan:Beth Brownholtz:David R. Millen	Activity-centric collaboration environments help knowledge workers to manage the context of their shared work activities by providing a representation for an activity and its resources. Activity management systems provide more structure and organization than email to execute the shared activity but, as the number of shared activities increases, it becomes more and more difficult for users to focus on important activities that need their attention. This paper describes a personalized activity prioritization approach implemented on top of the Lotus Connections Activities management system. Our prototype implementation allows each user to view activities ordered by her/his predicted priorities. The predictions are made using a ranking Support Vector Machine model trained with the user's past interactions with the activities system. We describe the prioritization interface and the results of an offline experiment based on data from 13 users over 6-months. Our results show that our feature set derived from shared activity structures can significantly increase prediction accuracy compared to a recency baseline.	Predicting individual priorities of shared activities using support vector machines	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Edleno Silva de Moura	NA	Session details: Web retrieval II (IR)	NA	2018
Ahu Sieg:Bamshad Mobasher:Robin Burke	Every user has a distinct background and a specific goal when searching for information on the Web. The goal of Web search personalization is to tailor search results to a particular user based on that user's interests and preferences. Effective personalization of information access involves two important challenges: accurately identifying the user context and organizing the information in such a way that matches the particular context. We present an approach to personalized search that involves building models of user context as ontological profiles by assigning implicitly derived interest scores to existing concepts in a domain ontology. A spreading activation algorithm is used to maintain the interest scores based on the user's ongoing behavior. Our experiments show that re-ranking the search results based on the interest scores and the semantic evidence in an ontological user profile is effective in presenting the most relevant results to the user.	Web search personalization with ontological user profiles	NA:NA:NA	2018
Qingzhao Tan:Prasenjit Mitra:C. Lee Giles	The World Wide Web is growing and changing at an astonishing rate. Web information systems such as search engines have to keep up with the growth and change of the Web. Due to resource constraints, search engines usually have difficulties keeping the local database completely synchronized with the Web. In this paper, we study how tomake good use of the limited system resource and detect as many changes as possible. Towards this goal, a crawler for the Web search engine should be able to predict the change behavior of the webpages. We propose applying clustering-based sampling approach. Specifically, we first group all the local webpages into different clusters such that each cluster contains webpages with similar change pattern. We then sample webpages from each cluster to estimate the change frequency of all the webpages in that cluster. Finally, we let the crawler re-visit the cluster containing webpages with higher change frequency with a higher probability. To evaluate the performance of an incremental crawler for a Web search engine, we measure both the freshness and the quality of the query results provided by the search engine. We run extensive experiments on a real Web data set of about 300,000 distinct URLs distributed among 210 websites. The results demonstrate that our clustering algorithm effectively clusters the pages with similar change patterns, and our solution significantly outperforms the existing methods in that it can detect more changed webpages and improve the quality of the user experience for those who query the search engine.	Designing clustering-based web crawling policies for search engine crawlers	NA:NA:NA	2018
Laurence A. F. Park:Kotagiri Ramamohanarao	The PageRank algorithm is used in Web information retrieval to calculate a single list of popularity scores for each page in the Web. These popularity scores are used to rank query results when presented to the user. By using the structure of the entire Web to calculate one score per document, we are calculating a general popularity score, not particular to any community. Therefore, the PageRank scores are more suited to general queries. In this paper, we introduce a more general form of PageRank, using Web multi-resolution community-based popularity scores, where each document obtains a popularity score dependent on a given Web community. When a query is related to a specific community, we choose the associated set of popularity scores and order the query results accordingly. Using Web-community based popularity scores, we achieved an 11% increase in precision over PageRank.	Mining web multi-resolution community-based popularity for information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Changhu Wang:Feng Jing:Lei Zhang:Hong-Jiang Zhang	Query-biased Web page summarization is the summarization of a Web page reflecting the relevance of it to a specific query. It plays an important role in search results representation of Web search engines. In this paper, we propose a learning-based query-biased Web page summarization method. The summarization problem is solved within the typical sentence selection framework. Different from existing Web page summarization methods that use page content or link context alone, both of them are considered as the sources of sentences in this work. Most of existing learning-based summarization methods treat summarization as a sentence classification problem and train a classifier to discriminate between extracted sentences and non-extracted sentences of all training documents. The basic assumption of these methods is that sentences from different documents are comparable with respect to the class information. In contrast to the classification scheme, a ranking scheme is introduced to rank extracted sentences higher than non-extracted sentences of each training document. The underlying assumption that sentences within a document are comparable is weaker and more reasonable than the assumption of classification-based scheme. Extensive results using intrinsic evaluation metrics gauge many aspects of the proposed method.	Learning query-biased web page summarization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Arlindo Oliveira	NA	Session details: Graph based retrieval (IR)	NA	2018
Monique V. Vieira:Bruno M. Fonseca:Rodrigo Damazio:Paulo B. Golgher:Davi de Castro Reis:Berthier Ribeiro-Neto	In social networks such as Orkut, www.orkut.com, a large portion of the user queries refer to names of other people. Indeed, more than 50% of the queries in Orkut are about names of other users, with an average of 1.8 terms per query. Further, the users usually search for people with whom they maintain relationships in the network. These relationships can be modelled as edges in a friendship graph, a graph in which the nodes represent the users. In this context, search ranking can be modelled as a function that depends on the distances among users in the graph, more specifically, of shortest paths in the friendship graph. However, application of this idea to ranking is not straightforward because the large size of modern social networks (dozens of millions of users) prevents efficient computation of shortest paths at query time. We overcome this by designing a ranking formula that strikes a balance between producing good results and reducing query processing time. Using data from the Orkut social network, which includes over 40 million users, we show that our ranking, augmented by this new signal, produces high quality results, while maintaining query processing time small.	Efficient search ranking in social networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Norbert Martínez-Bazan:Victor Muntés-Mulero:Sergio Gómez-Villamor:Jordi Nin:Mario-A. Sánchez-Martínez:Josep-L. Larriba-Pey	Link and graph analysis tools are important devices to boost the richness of information retrieval systems. Internet and the existing social networking portals are just a couple of situations where the use of these tools would be beneficial and enriching for the users and the analysts. However, the need for integrating different data sources and, even more important, the need for high performance generic tools, is at odds with the continuously growing size and number of data repositories. In this paper we propose and evaluate DEX, a high performance graph database querying system that allows for the integration of multiple data sources. DEX makes graph querying possible in different flavors, including link analysis, social network analysis, pattern recognition and keyword search. The richness of DEX shows up in the experiments that we carried out on the Internet Movie Database (IMDb). Through a variety of these complex analytical queries, DEX shows to be a generic and efficient tool on large graph databases.	Dex: high-performance exploration on large graphs for information retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xuanhui Wang:Jian-Tao Sun:Zheng Chen	Heterogeneous entities or objects are very common and are usually interrelated with each other in many scenarios. For example, typical Web search activities involve multiple types of interrelated entities such as end users, Web pages, and search queries. In this paper, we define and study a novel problem: <UL>S</UL>earch <UL>H</UL>eterogeneous <UL>IN</UL>terrelated <UL>E</UL>ntities (SHINE). Given a SHINE-query which can be any type(s) of entities, the task of SHINE is to retrieve multiple types of related entities to answer this query. This is in contrast to the traditional search,which only deals with a single type of entities (e.g., Web pages). The advantages of SHINE include: (1) It is feasible for end users to specify their information need along different dimensions by accepting queries with different types. (2) Answering a query by multiple types of entities provides informative context for users to better understand the search results and facilitate their information exploration. (3) Multiple relations among heterogeneous entities can be utilized to improve the ranking of any particular type of entities. To attain the goal of SHINE, we propose to represent all entities in a unified space through utilizing their interaction relationships. Two approaches, M-LSA and E-VSM, are discussed and compared in this paper. The experiments on 3 data sets (i.e., a literature data set, a search engine log data set, and a recommendation data set) show the effectiveness and flexibility of our proposed methods.	Shine: search heterogeneous interrelated entities	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ophir Frieder	NA	Session details: Data exploration and discovery (KM)	NA	2018
Steven Schockaert:Martine De Cock	Topological information plays a fundamental role in the human perception of spatial configurations and is thereby one of the most prominent geographical features in natural language. As vagueness abounds in geography, flexible formalisms with the ability to capture vague topological information are often needed in practice. While such formalisms have already been introduced by various authors, complete reasoning procedures are usually not discussed. In this paper, we show how many interesting reasoning tasks, such as consistency checking and entailment checking, can be supported in a generalization of the well-known RCC-8 calculus. In particular, we present decision procedures based on linear programming, solving all reasoning tasks of interest. We furthermore show how deciding the consistency of vague topological information can be reduced to the consistency problem of the original RCC-8.	Reasoning about vague topological information	NA:NA	2018
Di Yang:Elke A. Rundensteiner:Matthew O. Ward	Queries issued by casual users or specialists exploring a dataset often point us to important subsets of the data, be it clusters, outliers or other meaningful features. Capturing and caching such queries (henceforth called nuggets) has many potential benefits, including the optimization of the system performance and the search experience of users. Unfortunately, current visual exploration systems have not yet tapped into this potential resource of identifying and sharing important queries. In this paper, we introduce a query consolidation strategy aimed at solving the general problem of isolating important queries from the potentially huge amount of queries submitted. Our solution clusters redundant queries caused by exploration-style query specification, which is prevalent in data exploration systems. To measure the similarity between queries, we designed an effective distance metric that incorporates both the query specification and the actual query result. To overcome its high complexity when comparing queries with large result sets, we designed an approximation method, which is efficient while still providing excellent accuracy. A user study conducted on multivariate data sets comparing our proposed technique to others in the literature confirms that the proposed distance metric indeed matches well with users' intuition. As proof of feasibility, we integrated our proposed query consolidation solution into the Nugget Management System (NMS) framework [22], which is based on a visual exploration system XmdvTool. A second user study indicates that both the efficiency and accuracy of users' visual exploration are enhanced when supported by NMS.	Nugget discovery in visual exploration environments by query consolidation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kevin J. Lang:Reid Andersen	Methods for improving sponsored search revenue are often tested or deployed within a small submarket of the larger marketplace. For many applications, the ideal submarket contains a small number of nodes, a large amount of spending within the submarket, and a small amount of spending leaving the submarket. We introduce an efficient algorithm for finding submarkets that are optimal for a user-specified tradeoff between these three quantities. We apply our algorithm to find submarkets that are both dense and isolated in a large spending graph from Yahoo! sponsored search.	Finding dense and isolated submarkets in a sponsored search spending graph	NA:NA	2018
Charles Clarke	NA	Session details: IR evaluation (IR)	NA	2018
Mark D. Smucker:James Allan:Ben Carterette	Information retrieval (IR) researchers commonly use three tests of statistical significance: the Student's paired t-test, the Wilcoxon signed rank test, and the sign test. Other researchers have previously proposed using both the bootstrap and Fisher's randomization (permutation) test as non-parametric significance tests for IR but these tests have seen little use. For each of these five tests, we took the ad-hoc retrieval runs submitted to TRECs 3 and 5-8, and for each pair of runs, we measured the statistical significance of the difference in their mean average precision. We discovered that there is little practical difference between the randomization, bootstrap, and t tests. Both the Wilcoxon and sign test have a poor ability to detect significance and have the potential to lead to false detections of significance. The Wilcoxon and sign tests are simplified variants of the randomization test and their use should be discontinued for measuring the significance of a difference between means.	A comparison of statistical significance tests for information retrieval evaluation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Javed A. Aslam:Emine Yilmaz	Recent work has shown that average precision can be accurately estimated from a small random sample of judged documents. Unfortunately, such "random pools" cannot be used to evaluate retrieval measures in any standard way. In this work, we show that given such estimates of average precision, one can accurately infer the relevances of the remaining unjudged documents, thus obtaining a fully judged pool that can be used in standard ways for system evaluation of all kinds. Using TREC data, we demonstrate that our inferred judged pools are well correlated with assessor judgments, and we further demonstrate that our inferred pools can be used to accurately infer precision recall curves and all commonly used measures of retrieval performance.	Inferring document relevance from incomplete information	NA:NA	2018
Ben Carterette:Mark D. Smucker	Information retrieval experimentation generally proceeds in a cycle of development, evaluation, and hypothesis testing. Ideally, the evaluation and testing phases should be short and easy, so as to maximize the amount of time spent in development. There has been recent work on reducing the amount of assessor effort needed to evaluate retrieval systems, but it has not, for the most part, investigated the effects of these methods on tests of significance. In this work, we explore in detail the effects of reduced sets of judgments on the sign test. We demonstrate both analytically and empirically the relationship between the power of the test, the number of topics evaluated, and the number of judgments available. Using these relationships, we can determine the number of topics and judgments needed for the least-cost but highest-confidence significance evaluation. Specifically, testing pairwise significance over 192 topics with fewer than 5 judgments for each is as good as testing significance over 25 topics with an average of 166 judgments for each - 85% less effort producing no additional errors.	Hypothesis testing with incomplete relevance judgments	NA:NA	2018
Francisco Couto	NA	Session details: Performance issues (DB)	NA	2018
Fabiano C. Botelho:Nivio Ziviani	We present a simple and efficient external perfect hashing scheme (referred to as EPH algorithm) for very large static key sets. We use a number of techniques from the literature to obtain a novel scheme that is theoretically well-understood and at the same time achieves an order-of-magnitude increase in the size of the problem to be solved compared to previous "practical" methods. We demonstrate the scalability of our algorithm by constructing minimum perfect hash functions for a set of 1.024 billion URLs from the World Wide Web of average length 64 characters in approximately 62 minutes, using a commodity PC. Our scheme produces minimal perfect hash functions using approximately 3.8 bits per key. For perfect hash functions in the range {0,...,2n - 1} the space usage drops to approximately 2.7 bits per key. The main contribution is the first algorithm that has experimentally proven practicality for sets in the order of billions of keys and has time and space usage carefully analyzed without unrealistic assumptions.	External perfect hashing for very large key sets	NA:NA	2018
Weixiong Rao:Lei Chen:Ada Wai-Chee Fu:YingYi Bu	As a promising new technology with the unique properties like high efficiency, scalability and fault tolerance, Peer-to-Peer (P2P) technology is used as the underlying network to build new Internet-scale applications. However, one of the well known issues in such an application (for example WWW) is that the distribution of data popularities is heavily tailed with a Zipf-like distribution. With consideration of the skewed popularity we adopt a proactive caching approach to handle the challenge, and focus on two key problems: where (i.e. the placement strategy: where to place the replicas) and how (i.e. the degree problem: how many replicas are assigned to one specific content)? For the where problem, we propose a novel approach which can be generally applied to structured P2P networks. Next, we solve two optimization objectives related to the how problem: MAX_PERF and MIN_COST. Our solution is called <B>PoPCache</B>, and we discover two interesting properties: (1) the number of replicas assigned to each content is proportional to its popularity; (2) the derived optimal solutions are related to the entropy of popularity. To our knowledge, none of the previous works has mentioned such results. Finally, we apply the results of PoPCache to propose a P2P base web caching, called as Web-PoPCache. By means of web cache trace driven simulation, our extensive evaluation results demonstrate the advantages of PoPCache and Web-PoPCache.	Optimal proactive caching in peer-to-peer network: analysis and application	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sourav S. Bhowmick:Erwin Leonardi:Hongmei Sun	Recent study showed that native twig join algorithms and tree-aware relational framework significantly outperform tree-unaware approaches in evaluating structural relationships in XML twig queries. In this paper, we present an efficient strategy to evaluate high-selective twig queries containing only parent-child relationships in a tree-unaware relational environment. Our scheme is built on top of our S<scp>UCXENT</scp>++ system. We show that by exploiting the encoding scheme of S<scp>UCXENT</scp>++, we can devise efficient strategy for evaluating such twig queries. Extensive performance studies on various data sets and queries show that our approach performs better than a representative tree-unaware approach (G<scp>LOBAL</scp>-O<scp>RDER</scp>) and a state-of-the-art native twig join algorithm (TJF<scp>AST</scp>) on all benchmark queries with the highest observed gain factors being 243 and 95, respectively. Additionally, our approach reduces significantly the performance gap between tree-aware and tree-unaware approaches and even outperforms a tree-aware approach(M<scp>ONET</scp>DB/XQ<scp>UERY</scp>) for certain high-selective twig queries. We also report our insights to the plan choices a relational optimizer made during twig query evaluation by visually characterizing its behavior over the relational selectivity space.	Efficient evaluation of high-selective xml twig patterns with parent child edges in tree-unaware rdbms	NA:NA:NA	2018
Maarten Marx	NA	Session details: Information representation and integration (KM)	NA	2018
Marius Paşca	A seed-based framework for textual information extraction allows for weakly supervised extraction of named entities from anonymized Web search queries. The extraction is guided by a small set of seed named entities, without any need for handcrafted extraction patterns or domain-specific knowledge, allowing for the acquisition of named entities pertaining to various classes of interest to Web search users. Inherently noisy search queries are shown to be a highly valuable, albeit little explored, resource for Web-based named entity discovery.	Weakly-supervised discovery of named entities using web search queries	NA	2018
Vadim von Brzeski:Utku Irmak:Reiner Kraft	A user-centric entity detection system is one in which the primary consumer of the detected entities is a person who can perform actions on the detected entities (e.g. perform a search, view a map, shop, etc.). We contrast this with machine-centric detection systems where the primary consumer of the detected entities is a machine. Machine-centric detection systems typically focus on the quantity of detected entities, measured by precision and recall metrics, with the goal of correctly identifying every single entity in a document. However, the simple precision/recall scores of machine-centric entity detection systems fail to accurately reflect the quality of detected entities in user-centric systems, where users may not necessarily want to "see" every possible entity. We posit that not all of the detected entities in a given piece of text are necessarily relevant to the main topic of the text, nor are they necessarily interesting enough to the user to warrant further action. In fact, presenting all of the detected entities to a user may annoy the user to the point where he decides to turn this capability off completely, an undesirable outcome. Therefore, we propose to measure the quality and utility of user-centric entity detection systems in three core dimensions: the accuracy, the interestingness, and the relevance of the entities it presents to the user. We show that leveraging surrounding context can greatly improve the performance of such systems in all three dimensions by employing novel algorithms for generating a concept vector and for finding concept extensions using search query logs. We extensively evaluate the proposed algorithms within Contextual Shortcuts - a large-scale user-centric entity detection platform - using 1,586 entities detected over 1,519 documents. The results confirm the importance of using context within user-centric entity detection systems, and validate the usefulness of the proposed algorithms by showing how they improve the overall entity detection quality within Contextual Shortcuts.	Leveraging context in user-centric entity detection systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
John Prager:Sarah Luger:Jennifer Chu-Carroll	We present in this paper Type Nanotheories (TN), a framework for representing the knowledge necessary for performing similarity comparisons between pairs of terms of the same type. TN itself uses another methodology, namely Support Outcomes, which is also introduced. Many IR and NLP applications use redundancy as a factor to increase confidence, and TN-based comparisons can determine redundancy better than simple string comparisons. Results include a showing of a 14% increase in Confidence-Weighted Score for an end-to-end QA system and an up to 68% improvement over baseline in an answer-key equivalencing experiment.	Type nanotheories: a framework for term comparison	NA:NA:NA	2018
James G. Shanahan	NA	Session details: Natural language II (IR)	NA	2018
Wei Zhang:Shuang Liu:Clement Yu:Chaojing Sun:Fang Liu:Weiyi Meng	It has been shown that using phrases properly in the document retrieval leads to higher retrieval effectiveness. In this paper, we define four types of noun phrases and present an algorithm for recognizing these phrases in queries. The strengths of several existing tools are combined for phrase recognition. Our algorithm is tested using a set of 500 web queries from a query log, and a set of 238 TREC queries. Experimental results show that our algorithm yields high phrase recognition accuracy. We also use a baseline noun phrase recognition algorithm to recognize phrases from the TREC queries. A document retrieval experiment is conducted using the TREC queries (1) without any phrases, (2) with the phrases recognized from a baseline noun phrase recognition algorithm, and (3) with the phrases recognized from our algorithm respectively. The retrieval effectiveness of (3) is better than that of (2), which is better than that of (1). This demonstrates that utilizing phrases in queries does improve the retrieval effectiveness, and better noun phrase recognition yields higher retrieval performance.	Recognition and classification of noun phrases in queries for effective retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Abhimanyu Lad:Yiming Yang	Traditional adaptive filtering systems learn the user's interests in a rather simple way - words from relevant documents are favored in the query model, while words from irrelevant documents are down-weighted. This biases the query model towards specific words seen in the past, causing the system to favor documents containing relevant but redundant information over documents that use previously unseen words to denote new facts about the same news event. This paper proposes news ways of generalizing from relevance feedback by augmenting the traditional bag-of-words query model with named entity wildcards that are anchored in context. The use of wildcards allows generalization beyond specific words, while contextual restrictions limit the wildcard-matching to entities related to the user's query. We test our new approach in a nugget-level adaptive filtering system and evaluate it in terms of both relevance and novelty of the presented information. Our results indicate that higher recall is obtained when lexical terms are generalized using wildcards. However, such wildcards must be anchored to their context to maintain good precision. How the context of a wildcard is represented and matched against a given document also plays a crucial role in the performance of the retrieval system.	Generalizing from relevance feedback using named entity wildcards	NA:NA	2018
Desislava Petkova:W. Bruce Croft	One aspect in which retrieving named entities is different from retrieving documents is that the items to be retrieved - persons, locations, organizations - are only indirectly described by documents throughout the collection. Much work has been dedicated to finding references to named entities, in particular to the problems of named entity extraction and disambiguation. However, just as important for retrieval performance is how these snippets of text are combined to build named entity representations. We focus on the TREC expert search task where the goal is to identify people who are knowledgeable on a specific topic. Existing language modeling techniques for expert finding assume that terms and person entities are conditionally independent given a document. We present theoretical and experimental evidence that this simplifying assumption ignores information on how named entities relate to document content. To address this issue, we propose a new document representation which emphasizes text in proximity to entities and thus incorporates sequential information implicit in text. Our experiments demonstrate that the proposed model significantly improves retrieval performance. The main contribution of this work is an effective formal method for explicitly modeling the dependency between the named entities and terms which appear in a document.	Proximity-based document representation for named entity retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Nivio Ziviani	NA	Session details: Indexing (IR)	NA	2018
Deng Cai:Xiaofei He:Wei Vivian Zhang:Jiawei Han	We consider the problem of document indexing and representation. Recently, Locality Preserving Indexing (LPI) was proposed for learning a compact document subspace. Different from Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI) which is optimal in the sense of global Euclidean structure, LPI is optimal in the sense of local manifold structure. However, LPI is not efficient in time and memory which makes it difficult to be applied to very large data set. Specifically, the computation of LPI involves eigen-decompositions of two dense matrices which is expensive. In this paper, we propose a new algorithm called Regularized Locality Preserving Indexing (RLPI). Benefit from recent progresses on spectral graph analysis, we cast the original LPI algorithm into a regression framework which enable us to avoid eigen-decomposition of dense matrices. Also, with the regression based framework, different kinds of regularizers can be naturally incorporated into our algorithm which makes it more flexible. Extensive experimental results show that RLPI obtains similar or better results comparing to LPI and it is significantly faster, which makes it an efficient and effective data preprocessing method for large scale text clustering, classification and retrieval.	Regularized locality preserving indexing via spectral regression	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ruijie Guo:Xueqi Cheng:Hongbo Xu:Bin Wang	Previous on-line index maintenance strategies are mainly designed for document insertions without considering document deletions. In a truly dynamic search environment, however, documents may be added to and removed from the collection at any point in time. In this paper, we examine issues of on-line index maintenance with support for instantaneous document deletions and insertions. We present a DBT Merge strategy that can dynamically adjust the sequence of sub-index merge operations during index construction, and offers better query processing performance than previous methods, while providing an equivalent level of index maintenance performance when document insertions and deletions exist in parallel. Using experiments on 426 GB of web data we demonstrate the efficiency of our method in practice, showing that on-line index construction for dynamic text collections can be performed efficiently and almost as fast as for growing text collections.	Efficient on-line index maintenance for dynamic text collections by using dynamic balancing tree	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stefan Büttcher:Charles L. A. Clarke	Index compression techniques are known to substantially decrease the storage requirements of a text retrieval system. As a side-effect, they may increase its retrieval performance by reducing disk I/O overhead. Despite this advantage, developers sometimes choose to store index data in uncompressed form, in order to not obstruct random access into each index term's postings list. In this paper, we show that index compression does not harm random access performance. In fact, we demonstrate that, in some cases, random access into a term's postings list may be realized more efficiently if the list is stored in compressed form instead of uncompressed. This is regardless of whether the index is stored on disk or in main memory, since both types of storage - hard drives and RAM - do not support efficient random access in the first place.	Index compression is good, especially for random access	NA:NA	2018
Mingjie Zhu:Shuming Shi:Mingjing Li:Ji-Rong Wen	Modern web search engines are expected to return top-k results efficiently given a query. Although many dynamic index pruning strategies have been proposed for efficient top-k computation, most of them are prone to ignore some especially important factors in ranking functions, e.g. term proximity (the distance relationship between query terms in a document). The inclusion of term proximity breaks the monotonicity of ranking functions and therefore leads to additional challenges for efficient query processing. This paper studies the performance of some existing top-k computation approaches using term-proximity-enabled ranking functions. Our investigation demonstrates that, when term proximity is incorporated into ranking functions, most existing index structures and top-k strategies become quite inefficient. According to our analysis and experimental results, we propose two index structures and their corresponding index pruning strategies: Structured and Hybrid, which performs much better on the new settings. Moreover, the efficiency of index building and maintenance would not be affected too much with the two approaches.	Effective top-k computation in retrieving structured documents with term-proximity support	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
EK Park	NA	Session details: Data mining (KM)	NA	2018
Yue Xu:Yuefeng Li	Association rule mining has made many achievements in the area of knowledge discovery. However, the quality of the extracted association rules is a big concern. One problem with the quality of the extracted association rules is the huge size of the extracted rule set. As a matter of fact, very often tens of thousands of association rules are extracted among which many are redundant thus useless. Mining non-redundant rules is a promising approach to solve this problem. The Min-max exact basis proposed by Pasquier et al [Pasquier05] has showed exciting results by generating only non-redundant rules. In this paper, we first propose a relaxing definition for redundancy under which the Min-max exact basis still contains redundant rules; then we propose a condensed representation called Reliable exact basis for exact association rules. The rules in the Reliable exact basis are not only non-redundant but also more succinct than the rules in Min-max exact basis. We prove that the redundancy eliminated by the Reliable exact basis does not reduce the belief to the Reliable exact basis. The size of the Reliable exact basis is much smaller than that of the Min-max exact basis. Moreover, we prove that all exact association rules can be deduced from the Reliable exact basis. Therefore the Reliable exact basis is a lossless representation of exact association rules. Experimental results show that the Reliable exact basis significantly reduces the number of non-redundant rules.	Generating concise association rules	NA:NA	2018
Fabrizio Angiulli:Fabio Fassetti	In this work a novel algorithm, named DOLPHIN, for detecting distance-based outliers is presented. The proposed algorithm performs only two sequential scans of the dataset. It needs to store into main memory a portion of the dataset, to efficiently search for neighbors and early prune inliers. The strategy pursued by the algorithm allows to keep this portion very small. Both theoretical justification and empirical evidence that the size of the stored data amounts only to a few percent of the dataset are provided. Another important feature of DOLPHIN is that the memory-resident data are indexed by using a suitable proximity search approach. This allows to search for nearest neighbors looking only at a small subset of the main memory stored data. Temporal and spatial cost analysis show that the novel algorithm achieves both near linear CPU and I/O cost. DOLPHIN has been compared with state of the art methods, showing that it outperforms existing ones.	Very efficient mining of distance-based outliers	NA:NA	2018
Nam Hun Park:Won Suk Lee	A real-life data stream usually contains many dimensions and some dimensional values of its data elements may be missing. In order to effectively extract the on-going change of a data stream with respect to all the subsets of the dimensions of the data stream, a grid-based subspace clustering algorithm is proposed in this paper. Given an n-dimensional data stream, the on-going distribution statistics of data elements in each one-dimension data space is firstly monitored by a list of grid-cells called a sibling list. Once a dense grid-cell of a first-level sibling list becomes a dense unit grid-cell, new second-level sibling lists are created as its child nodes in order to trace any cluster in all possible two-dimensional rectangular subspaces. In such a way, a sibling tree grows up to the nth level at most and a k-dimensional subcluster can be found in the kth level of the sibling tree. The proposed method is comparatively analyzed by a series of experiments to identify its various characteristics.	Grid-based subspace clustering over data streams	NA:NA	2018
Fabrizio Angiulli:Fabio Fassetti	In this work a method for detecting distance-based outliers in data streams is presented. We deal with the sliding window model, where outlier queries are performed in order to detect anomalies in the current window. Two algorithms are presented. The first one exactly answers outlier queries, but has larger space requirements. The second algorithm is directly derived from the exact one, has limited memory requirements and returns an approximate answer based on accurate estimations with a statistical guarantee. Several experiments have been accomplished, confirming the effectiveness of the proposed approach and the high quality of approximate solutions.	Detecting distance-based outliers in streams of data	NA:NA	2018
Hugo Zaragoza	NA	Session details: Natural language III (IR)	NA	2018
Ao Feng:James Allan	News reports are being produced and disseminated in overwhelming volume, making it difficult to keep up with the newest information. Most previous research in automatic news organization treated news topics as a flat list, ignoring the intrinsic connection among individual reports. We argue that more contextual information within and across the topics will benefit users in their news understanding process. A news organization infrastructure, incident threading, is proposed in this article. All text snippets describing the occurrence of a real-world happening are combined into a news incident, and a network is composed of incidents that are interconnected by links in certain types. A limited vocabulary of connection types is defined and corresponding rules are established based upon the human experience of news understanding. The incident threading system is implemented with two different algorithms. One starts from clustering of text passages and then creates links with pre-built rules. The other method defines a global score function over the whole collection and solves the optimization problem with simulated annealing. The former achieves higher accuracy in the identification of incidents and the latter generates better links, which is preferred since the links are more important for the formation of the incident network.	Finding and linking incidents in news	NA:NA	2018
Wei Zhang:Clement Yu:Weiyi Meng	Opinion retrieval is a document retrieval process, which requires documents to be retrieved and ranked according to their opinions about a query topic. A relevant document must satisfy two criteria: relevant to the query topic, and contains opinions about the query, no matter if they are positive or negative. In this paper, we describe an opinion retrieval algorithm. It has a traditional information retrieval (IR) component to find topic relevant documents from a document set, an opinion classification component to find documents having opinions from the results of the IR step, and a component to rank the documents based on their relevance to the query, and their degrees of having opinions about the query. We implemented the algorithm as a working system and tested it using TREC 2006 Blog Track data in automatic title-only runs. Our result showed 28% to 32% improvements in MAP score over the best automatic runs in this 2006 track. Our result is also 13% higher than a state-of-art opinion retrieval system, which is tested on the same data set.	Opinion retrieval from blogs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Alan Feuer:Stefan Savev:Javed A. Aslam	This paper evaluates the uptake and efficacy of a unified approach to phrasal query suggestions in the context of a high-precision search engine. The search engine performs ranked extended-Boolean searches with the proximity operator <scp>NEAR</scp> being the default operation. Suggestions are offered to the searcher when the length of the result list falls outside predefined bounds. If the list is too long, the engine suggests narrowing the query through the use of super phrases; if the list is too short, the engine suggests broadening the query through the use of proximal subphrases. We evaluated uptake of phrasal query suggestions by analyzing search log data from before and after the suggestion feature was added to a commercial version of the search engine. We looked at approximately 1.5 million queries and found that, after they were added, suggestions represented nearly 30% of the total queries. We evaluated efficacy through a controlled study of 24 participants performing nine searches using three different search engines. We found that the engine with phrase suggestions had better high-precision recall than both the same search engine without suggestions and a search engine with a similar interface but using an Okapi BM25 ranking algorithm.	Evaluation of phrasal query suggestions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Alberto H.F. Laender	NA	Session details: Poster session	NA	2018
Ismail Sengor Altingovde:Rifat Ozcan:Suleyman Cetintas:Hakan Yilmaz:Özgür Ulusoy	We describe the architecture of an automatic domain-specific Web portal construction system. The system has three major components: i) a focused crawler that collects the domain-specific pages on the Web, ii) an information extraction engine that extracts useful fields from these Web pages, and iii) a query engine that allows both typical keyword based queries on the pages and advanced queries on the extracted data fields. We present a prototype system that works for the course homepages domain on the Web. A user study with the prototype system shows that our approach produces high quality results and achieves better precision figures than the typical keyword based search.	An automatic approach to construct domain-specific web portals	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Richard Bache:Mark Baillie:Fabio Crestani	This paper proposes a measure of relevance likelihood derived specifically for language models. Such a measure may be used to guide a user on how far to browse through the list of retrieved items or for pseudo-relevance feedback. To derive this measure, it is necessary to make the assumption that a user is seeking an ideal (usually non-existent) document and the actual relevant documents in the collection will contain fragments of this ideal document. Thus, in deriving this measure we propose a novel way of capturing relevance in Language Modelling.	Language models, probability of relevance and relevance likelihood	NA:NA:NA	2018
Holger Bast:Debapriyo Majumdar:Ingmar Weber	We present an efficient realization of the following interactive search engine feature: as the user is typing the query, words that are related to the last query word and that would lead to good hits are suggested, as well as selected such hits. The realization has three parts: (i) building clusters of related terms, (ii) adding this information as artificial words to the index such that (iii) the described feature reduces to an instance of prefix search and completion. An efficient solution for the latter is provided by the CompleteSearch engine, with which we have integrated the proposed feature. For building the clusters of related terms we propose a variant of latent semantic indexing that, unlike standard approaches, is completely transparent to the user. By experiments on two large test-collections, we demonstrate that the feature is provided at only a slight increase in query processing time and index size.	Efficient interactive query expansion with complete search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephan Bloehdorn:Alessandro Moschitti	Several Text Categorization applications require a representation beyond the standard bag-of-words paradigm. Kernel-based learning has approached this problem by (i) considering information about syntactic structure or by (ii) incorporating knowledge about the semantic similarity of term features. We propose a generalized framework consisting of a family of kernels that jointly incorporate syntactic and semantic similarity and demonstrate the power of this approach in a series of experiments.	Structure and semantics for expressive text kernels	NA:NA	2018
Karin K. Breitman:Simone D. J. Barbosa:Marco A. Casanova:Antonio L. Furtado	Metaphor is not merely a rhetorical device, characteristic of language alone, but rather a fundamental feature of the human conceptual system. A metaphor is understood by finding an analogy mapping between two domains. This paper argues that analogy mappings facilitate conceptual modeling by allowing the designer to reinterpret fragments of familiar conceptual models in other contexts. The contributions of the paper are expressed within the tradition of the Entity-Relation model.	Conceptual modeling by analogy and metaphor	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Brinkmeier:Jeremias Werner:Sven Recknagel	In this paper we define a type of cohesive subgroups - called communities - in hypergraphs, based on the edge connectivity of subhypergraphs. We describe a simple algorithm for the construction of these sets and show, based on examples from image segmentation and information retrieval, that these groups may be useful for the analysis and accessibility of large graphs and hypergraphs.	Communities in graphs and hypergraphs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ben Carterette:James Allan	Semiautomatic evaluation of retrieval systems using document similarities.	Semiautomatic evaluation of retrieval systems using document similarities	NA:NA	2018
Blaz Fortuna:Eduarda Mendes Rodrigues:Natasa Milic-Frayling	Improving the classification of newsgroup messages through social network analysis. In this paper, we focus on automatic classification of message replies into several types. For representing messages we consider rich feature sets that combine the standard author reply-to network properties with features derived from four additional structures identified in the data: 1) a network of authors who participate in the same threads, 2) network of authors who post similar content, 3) network of threads sharing common authors, and 4) network of content-related threads. For selected newsgroups we train linear SVM classifiers to identify agreement and disagreement with the original message, and question and answer patterns in the threads. We show that the use of newly defined features substantially improves classification of messages in comparison with the SVM model based only on the standard reply-to network.	Improving the classification of newsgroup messages through social network analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yupeng Fu:Rongjing Xiang:Yiqun Liu:Min Zhang:Shaoping Ma	Searching an organization's document repositories for experts is a frequently faced problem in intranet information management. This paper proposes a candidate-centered model which is referred as Candidate Description Document (CDD)-based retrieval model. The expertise evidence about an expert candidate scattered over repositories is mined and aggregated automatically to form a profile called the candidate's CDD, which represents his knowledge. We present the model from its foundations through its logical development and argue in favor of this model for expert finding. We devise and compare the different strategies for exploring a variety of expertise evidence. The experiments on TREC enterprise corpora demonstrate that the CDD-based model achieves significant and consistent improvement on performance through comparative studies with non-CDD methods.	A CDD-based formal model for expert finding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vahid Garakani:Sayyed Kamyar Izadi:Mostafa Haghjoo:Mohammad Harizi	Previous researches, in the filed of XML databases, have been done to evaluate XML queries with AND-branches. However, as far as we know, very little work has examined the efficient processing of XML queries with NOT-predicates. Also these methods have to process all of the query nodes in the document when dealing with queries with NOT-branch. In this paper, with some modification in TJFast method, we propose a new manner for answering to various NOT-queries. This method processes nodes efficiently, in a way that in the ideal state, we obtain part of the answer after the process of each node, and we don't have any unreasonable processing of each node.	Ntjfsat¬: a novel method for query with not-predicates on xml data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jade Goldstein:Gary M. Ciany:Jaime G. Carbonell	In this paper, we present a novel technique of first performing document genre identification, then utilizing the genre for producing tailored summaries based on a user's information seeking needs - genre oriented goal-focused summarization - such as a plot or opinion summary of a movie review. We create a test corpus to determine genre classification accuracy for 16 genres, and examine performance on various amounts of training data for machine learning algorithms - Random Forests, SVM light and Naïve Bayes. Results show that Random Forests outperforms SVM light and Naïve Bayes. The genre tag is used to inform a downstream summarization engine. We define types of summaries for 7 genres, create a ground truth corpus and analyze the results of genre oriented goal-focused summarization, showing that this type of user based summarization requires different algorithms than the leading sentence baseline which is known to perform well in the case of news articles.	Genre identification and goal-focused summarization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lobna Hlaoua:Mohand Boughanem:Karen Pinel-Sauvagnat	The main objective in XML Retrieval is to select the relevant elements of XML document instead of the whole document. Many open issues appear when considering Relevance Feedback (RF) in XML documents. They are mainly related to the form of XML documents, which mix content and structure information and to the new information granularity. In this paper, a new flexible method of relevance feedback in XML retrieval using two sources of evidence is described. We propose to use the context criterion to select terms to extend the initial query and to use generative structures to express structural constraints. Both approaches are applied in different combined forms. Experiments are carried out with the INEX evaluation campaign and results show the effectiveness of our approach.	Combination of evidences in relevance feedback for xml retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Edward Houle:Nizar Grira	We propose a new model for feature evaluation and selection that assesses the propensity of the features to support two-set classification. For each item of the data set, the collection of features induce a ranking (ordered list) of the remaining items. The evaluation criterion favors features that result in the most consistent discrimination between relevant and non-relevant items within these ranked lists. The discrimination boundaries within a single list are determined combinatorially, according to the degree of correlation among the relevant sets of its members. The model makes no special assumptions on the nature of the data. A selection heuristic based on the model is also proposed using sequential forward generation, and an experimental comparison is made with other unsupervised feature selection methods.	A correlation-based model for unsupervised feature selection	NA:NA	2018
Meishan Hu:Aixin Sun:Ee-Peng Lim	Much existing research on blogs focused on posts only, ignoring their comments. Our user study conducted on summarizing blog posts, however, showed that reading comments does change one's understanding about blog posts. In this research, we aim to extract representative sentences from a blog post that best represent the topics discussed among its comments. The proposed solution first derives representative words from comments and then selects sentences containing representative words. The representativeness of words is measured using ReQuT (i.e., Reader, Quotation, and Topic). Evaluated on human labeled sentences, ReQuT together with summation-based sentence selection showed promising results.	Comments-oriented blog summarization by sentence extraction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fianny Ming-fei Jiang:Jian Pei:Ada Wai-chee Fu	With increasing amount of data being stored in XML format, OLAP queries over these data become important. OLAP queries have been well studied in the relational database systems. However, the evaluation of OLAP queries over XML data is not a trivial extension of the relational solutions, especially when a schema is not available. In this paper, we introduce the IX-cube (Iceberg XML cube) over XML data to tackle the problem. We extend OLAP operations to XML data. We also develop efficient approaches to IX-Cube computation and OLAP query evaluation using IX-cubes.	Ix-cubes: iceberg cubes for data warehousing and olap on xml data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rosie Jones:Ravi Kumar:Bo Pang:Andrew Tomkins	We investigate the subtle cues to user identity that may be exploited in attacks on the privacy of users in web search query logs. We study the application of simple classifiers to map a sequence of queries into the gender, age, and location of the user issuing the queries. We then show how these classifiers may be carefully combined at multiple granularities to map a sequence of queries into a set of candidate users that is 300-600 times smaller than random chance would allow. We show that this approach remains accurate even after removing personally identifiable information such as names/numbers or limiting the size of the query log. We also present a new attack in which a real-world acquaintance of a user attempts to identify that user in a large query log, using personal information. We show that combinations of small pieces of information about terms a user would probably search for can be highly effective in identifying the sessions of that user. We conclude that known schemes to release even heavily scrubbed query logs that contain session information have significant privacy risks.	"I know what you did last summer": query logs and user privacy	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Khaled Jouini:Geneviève Jomier	An efficient management of multiversion data with branched evolution is crucial for many applications. It requires database designers aware of tradeoffs among index structures and policies. This paper defines a framework and an analysis method for understanding the behavior of different indexing policies. Given data and query characteristics the analysis allows determining the most suitable index structure. The analysis is validated by an experimental study.	Indexing multiversion databases	NA:NA	2018
Pawel Jurczyk:Eugene Agichtein	Question-Answer portals such as Naver and Yahoo! Answers are quickly becoming rich sources of knowledge on many topics which are not well served by general web search engines. Unfortunately, the quality of the submitted answers is uneven, ranging from excellent detailed answers to snappy and insulting remarks or even advertisements for commercial content. Furthermore, user feedback for many topics is sparse, and can be insufficient to reliably identify good answers from the bad ones. Hence, estimating the authority of users is a crucial task for this emerging domain, with potential applications to answer ranking, spam detection, and incentive mechanism design. We present an analysis of the link structure of a general-purpose question answering community to discover authoritative users, and promising experimental results over a dataset of more than 3 million answers from a popular community QA site. We also describe structural differences between question topics that correlate with the success of link analysis for authority discovery.	Discovering authorities in question answer communities by using link analysis	NA:NA	2018
Giridhar Kumaran:James Allan	NA	Selective user interaction	NA:NA	2018
Feng Liu:Fengzhan Tian:Qiliang Zhu	In recent years, Bagging method has been applied to learn Bayesian networks (BNs), especially on limited datasets. However, the BNs learned using Bagging method from limited datasets can be biased towards complex models. We present an efficient approach to produce more accurate BNs from limited datasets. Based on the Markov condition of BN learning, we proposed a novel sampling method, called Root Nodes based Sampling (RNS), and a BNs fusion method. The experimental results reveal that our ensemble method can achieve more accurate results in terms of accuracy on limited datasets.	Ensembling Bayesian network structure learning on limited data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jianming Lv:Xueqi Cheng	Inspired by how search behavior works in human society, we propose CTO, a self-organized semantic overlay based on concept tree for P2P IR infrastructure, which is efficient for full text search in pure P2P environment without any central control or powerful peer as hub node. Especially, CTO performs very well on searching the unpopular resources shared by a few peers. In our experiment, while searching for the scarce documents shared by the peers, CTO achieves about 80% recall rate when the search covers less than 5% peers in the overlay. The search latency of CTO is also very low, which is controlled in the range about 5~12 hops.	CTO: concept tree based semantic overlay for pure peer-to-peer information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Mauricio Marin:Veronica Gil-Costa	We present a general method of parallel query processing that allows scalable performance on distributed inverted files. The method allows the realization of a hybrid that combines the advantages of the document and term partitioned inverted files.	High-performance distributed inverted files	NA:NA	2018
Galileo Mark Namata:Brian Staats:Lise Getoor:Ben Shneiderman	Visualizing network data, from tree structures to arbitrarily connected graphs, is a difficult problem in information visualization. A large part of the problem is that in network data, users not only have to visualize the attributes specific to each data item, but also the links specifying how those items are connected to each other. Past approaches to resolving these difficulties focus on zooming, clustering, filtering and applying various methods of laying out nodes and edges. Such approaches, however, focus only on optimizing a network visualization in a single view, limiting the amount of information that can be shown and explored in parallel. Moreover, past approaches do not allow users to cross reference different subsets or aspects of large, complex networks. In this paper, we propose an approach to these limitations using multiple coordinated views of a given network. To illustrate our approach, we implement a tool called DualNet and evaluate the tool with a case study using an email communication network. We show how using multiple coordinated views improves navigation and provides insight into large networks with multiple node and link properties and types.	A dual-view approach to interactive network visualization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Maria S. Pera:Yiu-Kai Ng	Emails are one of the most commonly used modern communication media these days; however, unsolicited emails obstruct this otherwise fast and convenient technology for information exchange and jeopardize the continuity of this popular communication tool. Waste of valuable resources and time and exposure to offensive content are only a few of the problems that arise as a result of junk emails. In addition, the monetary cost of processing junk emails reaches billions of dollars per year and is absorbed by public users and Internet service providers. Even though there has been extensive work in the past dedicated to eradicate junk emails, none of the existing junk email detection approaches has been highly successful in solving these problems, since spammers have been able to infiltrate existing detection techniques. In this paper, we present a new tool, JunEX, which relies on the content similarity of emails to eradicate junk emails. JunEX compares each incoming email to a core of emails marked as junk by each individual user to identify unwanted emails while reducing the number of legitimate emails treated as junk, which is critical. Conducted experiments on JunEX verify its high accuracy.	Using word similarity to eradicate junk emails	NA:NA	2018
Jorge-Arnulfo Quiané-Ruiz:Philippe Lamarre:Sylvie Cazalens:Patrick Valduriez	We consider a distributed information system that allows autonomous consumers to query autonomous providers. We focus on the problem of query allocation from a new point of view, by considering consumers and providers' satisfaction in addition to query load. We define satisfaction as a long-run notion based on the consumers and providers' preferences. We propose and validate a mediation process, called SBMediation, which is compared to Capacity based query allocation. The experimental results show that SBMediation significantly outperforms Capacity based when confronted to autonomous participants.	Satisfaction balanced mediation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aravindan Raghuveer:Meera Jindal:Mohamed F. Mokbel:Biplob Debnath:David Du	Applications that create and consume unstructured data have grown both in scale of storage requirements and complexity of search primitives. We consider two such applications: exhaustive search and integration of structured and unstructured data. Current block-based storage systems are either incapable or inefficient to address the challenges bought forth by the above applications. We propose a storage framework to efficiently store and search unstructured and structured data while controlling storage management costs. Experimental results based on our prototype show that the proposed system can provide impressive performance and feature benefits.	Towards efficient search on unstructured data: an intelligent-storage approach	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Guillem Rull:Carles Farré:Ernest Teniente:Toni Urpí	A query is unlively if it always returns an empty answer. Debugging a database schema requires not only determining unlively queries, but also fixing them. To the best of our knowledge, the existing methods do not provide the designer with an explanation of why a query is not lively. In this paper, we propose a method for computing explanations that is independent of the particular method used to determine liveliness. It provides three levels of search: one explanation, a maximal set of non-overlapping explanations, and all explanations. The first two levels require only a linear number of calls to the underlying method. We also propose a filter to reduce the number of these calls, and experimentally compare our method with the best known method for finding unsatisfiable subsets of constraints.	Computing explanations for unlively queries in databases	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Luis Sarmento:Valentin Jijkuon:Maarten de Rijke:Eugenio Oliveira	We present a corpus-based approach to the class expansion task. For a given set of seed entities we use co-occurrence statistics taken from a text collection to define a membership function that is used to rank candidate entities for inclusion in the set. We describe an evaluation framework that uses data from Wikipedia. The performance of our class extension method improves as the size of the text collection increases.	"More like these": growing entity classes from seeds	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Se Jung Shin:Won Suk Lee	In order to trace the changes of association rules over an online data stream efficiently, this paper proposes two different methods of generating all association rules directly over the changing set of currently frequent itemsets. While all of the currently frequent itemsets are monitored by the estDec method, all the association rules of every frequent itemset in the prefix tree of the estDec method are generated. For this purpose, a traversal stack is introduced to efficiently enumerate all association rules. These online methods can avoid the drawbacks of the conventional two-step approach. In an on-line environment, a user may be interested in finding those association rules whose antecedents or consequents are fixed to be a specific itemset. Since generating all the association rules may take too long to produce them timely, two additional methods, namely Assoc-X and Assoc-Y, are introduced. Finally, the proposed methods are compared by a series of experiments to identify their various characteristics.	An on-line interactive method for finding association rules data streams	NA:NA	2018
Shaoxu Song:Lei Chen	Computing the similarity between unstructured records is a fundamental function in multiple applications. Approximate string matching and full text retrieval techniques do not show the best performance when applied directly, since the information are limited in unstructured records of short record length. In this paper, we propose a novel probabilistic correlation-based similarity measure. Rather than simply conducting the exact matching tokens of two records, our similarity evaluation enriches the information of records by considering the correlations of tokens. We define the probabilistic correlation between tokens as the probability that these tokens appear in the same records. Then we compute the weight of tokens and discover the correlations of records based on the probabilistic correlations of tokens. Finally, we present extensive experimental results to demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.	Probabilistic correlation-based similarity measure of unstructured records	NA:NA	2018
Xiaodan Song:Yun Chi:Koji Hino:Belle Tseng	Opinion leaders are those who bring in new information, ideas, and opinions, then disseminate them down to the masses, and thus influence the opinions and decisions of others by a fashion of word of mouth. Opinion leaders capture the most representative opinions in the social network, and consequently are important for understanding the massive and complex blogosphere. In this paper, we propose a novel algorithm called InfluenceRank to identify opinion leaders in the blogosphere. The InfluenceRank algorithm ranks blogs according to not only how important they are as compared to other blogs, but also how novel the information they can contribute to the network. Experimental results indicate that our proposed algorithm is effective in identifying influential opinion leaders.	Identifying opinion leaders in the blogosphere	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yangqiu Song:Bin Zhang:Wenjun Yin:Changshui Zhang:Jin Dong	This paper proposes a semi-supervised distance metric learning algorithm for the ranking problem. Instead of giving the computer what are the important factors that affect the final rank value, we only give several most certainly ranked points which implicitly contain the knowledge of the ranking factors. Then the computer can automatically use the most certain points and plenty of unlabeded data to learn an informative metric for ranking. This metric not only can help to regress an order in the observed data, but also can be used to retrieve the data by querying new test points. Moreover, the lower-rank distance metric can be used to visualize high-dimensional data. We also present an application to the housing potential estimation problem. It is shown that the algorithm is efficient to help consultants to refine their consulting work.	Ranking with semi-supervised distance metric learning and its application to housing potential estimation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Songbo Tan:Gaowei Wu:Huifeng Tang:Xueqi Cheng	In this work, we attempt to tackle domain-transfer problem by combining old-domain labeled examples with new-domain unlabeled ones. The basic idea is to use old-domain-trained classifier to label some informative unlabeled examples in new domain, and retrain the base classifier over these selected examples. The experimental results demonstrate that proposed scheme can significantly boost the accuracy of the base sentiment classifier on new domain.	A novel scheme for domain-transfer problem in the context of sentiment analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Trotman:Vikram Subramanya	Compression of term frequency lists and very long document-id lists within an inverted file search engine are examined. Several compression schemes are compared including Elias γ and δ codes, Golomb Encoding, Variable Byte Encoding, and a class of word-based encoding schemes including Simple-9, Relative-10 and Carryover-12. It is shown that these compression methods are not well suited to compressing these kinds of lists of numbers. Of those tested, Carryover-12 is preferred because it is both effective at compression and fast at decompression. A novel technique, Sigma Encoding prior to compression, is proposed and tested. Sigma Encoding utilizes a parameterized dictionary to reduce the number of bits necessary to store an integer. This method shows an about 0.3 bit per integer improvement over Carryover-12 while costing only about 3 extra clock cycles per integer to decompress.	Sigma encoded inverted files	NA:NA	2018
Yohannes Tsegay:Andrew Turpin:Justin Zobel	RAM and dynamic pruning schemes to reduce query evaluation times. While only a small portion of lists are processed with dynamic pruning, current systems still store the entire inverted list in cache. In this paper we investigate caching only the pieces of the inverted lists that are actually used to answer a query during dynamic pruning. We examine an LRU cache model, and two recently proposed models. We also introduce a new dynamic pruning scheme for impact-ordered inverted lists. Using two large web collections and corresponding query logs we show that, using an LRU cache, our new pruning scheme reduces the number of disk accesses during query processing time by 7%-15% over the state-of-the-art impact-ordered baseline, without reducing answer quality. Surprisingly, however, we discover that using our new pruning scheme makes little difference to disk traffic when the more sophisticated caching schemes are employed.	Dynamic index pruning for effective caching	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xuanhui Wang:Hui Fang:ChengXiang Zhai	How to improve search accuracy for difficult topics is an under-addressed, yet important research question. In this paper, we consider a scenario when the search results are so poor that none of the top-ranked documents is relevant to a user's query, and propose to exploit negative feedback to improve retrieval accuracy for such difficult queries. Specifically, we propose to learn from a certain number of top-ranked non-relevant documents to rerank the rest unseen documents. We propose several approaches to penalizing the documents that are similar to the known non-relevant documents in the language modeling framework. To evaluate the proposed methods, we adapt standard TREC collections to construct a test collection containing only difficult queries. Experiment results show that the proposed approaches are effective for improving retrieval accuracy of difficult queries.	Improve retrieval accuracy for difficult queries using negative feedback	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yong Wang:Shaogang Gong	One of the classic techniques for image annotation is the language translation model. It views an image as a document, i.e., a set of visual words which are obtained by vector quatitizing the image regions generated by unsupervised image segmentation. Annotating images are achieved by translating visual words to textual words, just like translating a document in English to a document in French. In this paper, we also view an image as a document, but we view the annotation processes as two consecutive processes, i.e., document summarization and translation. In the document summarization process, an image document is firstly summarized into its own visual language, which we called visual topics. The translation process translates these visual topics to textual words. Compared to the original translation model, our visual topics learned by the probabilistic latent semantic analysis (PLSA) approach provide an intermediate abstract level of visual description. We show improved annotation performance on the Corel image dataset.	Translating topics to words for image annotation	NA:NA	2018
Youzheng Wu:Xinhui Hu:Hideki Kashioka	Conventional question answering (QA) techniques independently process candidate-bearing snippets to select an exact answer to a question from candidate answers. This paper presents two novel ways of utilizing redundancy in candidate-bearing snippets to help select an exact answer to a question in our Web QA system, i.e., cluster-based language model (CLM-M) and unsupervised SVM classifier (U-SVM) techniques. The comparative experiments demonstrate that the proposed methods significantly outperform the language model-based (LM-M) and supervised SVM-based (S-SVM) techniques that do not utilize this redundancy in the candidate-bearing snippets. Using the CLM-M, the top_1 score is increased from 36.03% (LM-M) to 46.96%; and the top_1 improvement in the U-SVM over the S-SVM is about 23%. Moreover, a cross-model comparison shows that the performance ranking of these models is: U-SVM > CLM-LM > LM-M > S-SVM > R-M (the retrieval-based model).	Mining redundancy in candidate-bearing snippets to improve web question answering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shengliang Xu:Shenghua Bao:Yunbo Cao:Yong Yu	This poster is concerned with the problem of exploring the use of social annotations for improving language models for information retrieval (denoted as LMIR). Two properties of social annotations, namely keyword property and structure property are studied for this aim. The keyword property improves LMIR by concatenating all the annotations of a document to generate a summary of the document. The structure property can boost LMIR further when similarity among annotations and similarity among documents are taken into consideration simultaneously. The two properties of social annotations are leveraged for the use of language modeling with a mixture model named as "Language Annotation Model" (denoted as LAM). Evaluations using del.icio.us data show that LAM outperforms the traditional LMIR approaches significantly.	Using social annotations to improve language model for information retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yu Xu:Yannis Papakonstantinou	Keyword search in XML documents based on the notion of lowest common ancestors (LCAs) and modifications of it has recently gained research interest [2, 3, 4]. In this paper we propose an efficient algorithm called Indexed Stack to find answers to keyword queries based on XRank's semantics to LCA [2]. The complexity of the Indexed Stack algorithm is O(kd|S1|\log|S|) where k is the number of keywords in the query, d is the depth of the tree and |S1 | (|S|) is the occurrence of the least (most) frequent keyword in the query. In comparison, the best worst case complexity of the core algorithms in [2] is O(kd|S|). We analytically and experimentally evaluate the Indexed Stack algorithm and the two core algorithms in [2]. The results show that the Indexed Stack algorithm outperforms in terms of both CPU and I/O costs other algorithms by orders of magnitude when the query contains at least one low frequency keyword along with high frequency keywords.	Efficient LCA based keyword search in xml data	NA:NA	2018
Lei Yang:Lei Qi:Yan-Ping Zhao:Bin Gao:Tie-Yan Liu	Link analysis is a key technology in contemporary web search engines. Most of the previous work on link analysis only used information from one snapshot of web graph. Since commercial search engines crawl the Web periodically, they will naturally obtain time series data of web graphs. The historical information contained in the series of web graphs can be used to improve the performance of link analysis. In this paper, we argue that page importance should be a dynamic quantity, and propose defining page importance as a function of both PageRank of the current web graph and accumulated historical page importance from previous web graphs. Specifically, a novel algorithm named TemporalRank is designed to compute the proposed page importance. We try to use a kinetic model to interpret this page importance and show that it can be regarded as the solution to an ordinary differential equation. Experiments on link analysis using web graph data in five snapshots show that the proposed algorithm can outperform PageRank in many measures, and can effectively filter out newly appeared link spam websites.	Link analysis using time series of web graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hugo Zaragoza:Henning Rode:Peter Mika:Jordi Atserias:Massimiliano Ciaramita:Giuseppe Attardi	We discuss the problem of ranking very many entities of different types. In particular we deal with a heterogeneous set of types, some being very generic and some very specific. We discuss two approaches for this problem: i) exploiting the entity containment graph and ii) using a Web search engine to compute entity relevance. We evaluate these approaches on the real task of ranking Wikipedia entities typed with a state-of-the-art named-entity tagger. Results show that both approaches can greatly increase the performance of methods based only on passage retrieval.	Ranking very many typed entities on wikipedia	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Duo Zhang:Jie Tang:Juanzi Li:Kehong Wang	This paper is concerned with the problem of name disambiguation. By name disambiguation, we mean distinguishing persons with the same name. It is a critical problem in many knowledge management applications. Despite much research work has been conducted, the problem is still not resolved and becomes even more serious, in particular with the popularity of Web 2.0. Previously, name disambiguation was often undertaken in either a supervised or unsupervised fashion. This paper first gives a constraint-based probabilistic model for semi-supervised name disambiguation. Specifically, we focus on investigating the problem in an academic researcher social network (http://arnetminer.org). The framework combines constraints and Euclidean distance learning, and allows the user to refine the disambiguation results. Experimental results on the researcher social network show that the proposed framework significantly outperforms the baseline method using unsupervised hierarchical clustering algorithm.	A constraint-based probabilistic framework for name disambiguation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qi Zhang:Wei Wang	We propose an efficient algorithm for approximate biased quantile computation in large data streams. Our algorithm computes decomposable biased quantile summaries on fixed sized blocks and dynamically maintains the biased quantile summary for the entire stream as the exponential histogram over the block-wise quantile summaries. The algorithm is computationally efficient and achieves an amortized computational cost of O(log(1⁄∈log(∈n))) and a space requirement of O(log3∈n↬∈). Our algorithm does not assume prior knowledge of the stream sizes or the range of data values in the streams. In practice, our algorithm is able to efficiently maintain summaries over large data streams with over tens of millions of observations and achieves significant performance improvement over prior algorithms.	An efficient algorithm for approximate biased quantile computation in data streams	NA:NA	2018
Xiaohua Zhou:Xiaohua Hu:Xiaodan Zhang:Xiajiong Shen	Hidden markov model (HMM) is frequently used for Pinyin-to-Chinese conversion. But it only captures the dependency with the preceding character. Higher order markov models can bring higher accuracy, but are computationally unaffordable to average PC settings. We propose a segment-based hidden markov model (SHMM), which has the same magnitude of complexity as first-order HMM, but generates higher decoding accuracy. SHMM tells a word from a bigram connecting two words, and assigns a reasonable probability to words as a whole. It is more powerful than HMM to decode words containing over two characters. We conduct a comprehensive Pinyin-to-Chinese conversion evaluation on Lancaster corpus. The experiment shows the perfect sentence accuracy is improved from 34.7% (HMM) to 43.3% (SHMM). The one-error sentence accuracy is increased from 72.7% to 78.3%. Furthermore, SHMM can seamlessly integrate with pinyin typing correction, acronym pinyin input, user-defined words, and self-adaptive learning all of which are a must for a commercial Pinyin-to-Chinese conversion product in order to improve the efficiency of pinyin input.	A segment-based hidden markov model for real-setting pinyin-to-chinese conversion	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Prabhakar Raghavan	In scarcely a decade, web search has gone from simply scaling traditional information retrieval, to a groundswell of new opportunities that are changing marketing as we know it. In this lecture, we begin by reviewing the progress, pointing out that web search is no longer a purely computer sceince problem. We then hint at the role of other disciplines in this ongoing revolution and a number of directions for research.	Web search: from information retrieval to microeconomic modeling	NA	2018
Christopher Re:Dan Suciu	NA	Management of data with uncertainties	NA:NA	2018
Rakesh Agrawal	Data Mining has made tremendous strides in the last decade. It is time to take data mining to the next level of contributions, while continuing to innovate for the current mainstream market. We postulate that a fruitful future direction could be humane data mining: applications to benefit individuals. The potential applications include personal data mining (e.g. personal health), enable people to get a grip on their world (e.g. dealing with the long tail of search), enable people to become creative (e.g. inventions arising from linking non-interacting scientific literature), enable people to make contributions to society (e.g. education collaboration networks), and data-driven science (e.g. study ecological disasters, brain disorders). Rooting our future work in these (and similar) applications, will lead to new data mining abstractions, algorithms, and systems.	Humane data mining	NA	2018
Debabrata Dash:Jun Rao:Nimrod Megiddo:Anastasia Ailamaki:Guy Lohman	We propose a dynamic faceted search system for discovery-driven analysis on data with both textual content and structured attributes. From a keyword query, we want to dynamically select a small set of "interesting" attributes and present aggregates on them to a user. Similar to work in OLAP exploration, we define "interestingness" as how surprising an aggregated value is, based on a given expectation. We make two new contributions by proposing a novel "navigational" expectation that's particularly useful in the context of faceted search, and a novel interestingness measure through judicious application of p-values. Through a user survey, we find the new expectation and interestingness metric quite effective. We develop an efficient dynamic faceted search system by improving a popular open source engine, Solr. Our system exploits compressed bitmaps for caching the posting lists in an inverted index, and a novel directory structure called a bitset tree for fast bitset intersection. We conduct a comprehensive experimental study on large real data sets and show that our engine performs 2 to 3 times faster than Solr.	Dynamic faceted search for discovery-driven analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Senjuti Basu Roy:Haidong Wang:Gautam Das:Ullas Nambiar:Mukesh Mohania	In this paper, we propose minimum-effort driven navigational techniques for enterprise database systems based on the faceted search paradigm. Our proposed techniques dynamically suggest facets for drilling down into the database such that the cost of navigation is minimized. At every step, the system asks the user a question or a set of questions on different facets and depending on the user response, dynamically fetches the next most promising set of facets, and the process repeats. Facets are selected based on their ability to rapidly drill down to the most promising tuples, as well as on the ability of the user to provide desired values for them. Our facet selection algorithms also work in conjunction with any ranked retrieval model where a ranking function imposes a bias over the user preferences for the selected tuples. Our methods are principled as well as efficient, and our experimental study validates their effectiveness on several application scenarios.	Minimum-effort driven dynamic faceted search in structured databases	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gloria Bordogna:Alessandro Campi:Giuseppe Psaila:Stefania Ronchi	We propose a novel conception language for exploring the results retrieved by several internet search services (like search engines) that cluster retrieved documents. The goal is to offer users a tool to discover relevant hidden relationships between clustered documents. The proposal is motivated by the observation that visualization paradigms, based on either the ranked list or clustered results, do not allow users to fully exploit the combined use of several search services to answer a request. When the same query is submitted to distinct search services, they may produce partially overlapped clustered results, where clusters identified by distinct labels collect some common documents. Moreover, clusters with similar labels, but containing distinct documents, may be produced as well. In such a situation, it may be useful to compare, combine and rank the cluster contents, to filter out relevant documents. In the proposed language, we define several operators (inspired by relational algebra) that work on groups of clusters. New clusters (and groups) can be generated by combining (i.e., overlapping, refining and intersecting) clusters (and groups), in a set oriented fashion. Furthermore, several ranking functions are also proposed, to model distinct semantics of the combination.	A language for manipulating clustered web documents results	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shui-Lung Chuang:Kevin Chen-Chuan Chang	The emergence of numerous data sources online has presented a pressing need for more automatic yet accurate data integration techniques. For the data returned from querying such sources, most works focus on how to extract the embedded structured data more accurately. However, to eventually provide an integrated access to these query results, a last but not least step is to combine the extracted data coming from different sources. A critical task is finding the correspondence of the data fields between the sources - a problem well known as schema matching. Query results are a small and biased sample set of instances obtained from sources; the obtained schema information is thus very implicit and incomplete, which often prevents existing schema matching approaches from performing effectively. In this paper, we develop a novel framework for understanding and effectively supporting schema matching on such instance-based data, especially for integrating multiple sources. We view discovering matching as constructing a more complete domain schema that best describes the input data. With this conceptual view, we can leverage various data instances and observed regularities seamlessly with holistic, multiple-source schema matching to achieve more accurate matching results. Our experiments show that our framework consistently outperforms baseline pairwise and clustering-based approaches (raising F-measure from 50-89% to 89-94%) and works uniformly well for the surveyed domains.	Integrating web query results: holistic schema matching	NA:NA	2018
Filip Radlinski:Madhu Kurup:Thorsten Joachims	Automatically judging the quality of retrieval functions based on observable user behavior holds promise for making retrieval evaluation faster, cheaper, and more user centered. However, the relationship between observable user behavior and retrieval quality is not yet fully understood. We present a sequence of studies investigating this relationship for an operational search engine on the arXiv.org e-print archive. We find that none of the eight absolute usage metrics we explore (e.g., number of clicks, frequency of query reformulations, abandonment) reliably reflect retrieval quality for the sample sizes we consider. However, we find that paired experiment designs adapted from sensory analysis produce accurate and reliable statements about the relative quality of two retrieval functions. In particular, we investigate two paired comparison tests that analyze clickthrough data from an interleaved presentation of ranking pairs, and we find that both give accurate and consistent results. We conclude that both paired comparison tests give substantially more accurate and sensitive evaluation results than absolute usage metrics in our domain.	How does clickthrough data reflect retrieval quality?	NA:NA:NA	2018
Marc Najork:Nick Craswell	SALSA is a link-based ranking algorithm that takes the result set of a query as input, extends the set to include additional neighboring documents in the web graph, and performs a random walk on the induced subgraph. The stationary probability distribution of this random walk, used as a relevance score, is significantly more effective for ranking purposes than popular query-independent link-based ranking algorithms such as PageRank. Unfortunately, this requires significant effort at query-time, to access the link graph and compute the stationary probability distribution. In this paper, we explore whether it is possible to perform most of the computation off-line, prior to the arrival of any queries. The off-line phase of our approach computes a "score map" for each node in the web graph by performing a SALSA-like algorithm on the neighborhood of that node and retaining the scores of the most promising nodes in the neighborhood graph. The on-line phase takes the results to a query, retrieves the score map of each result, and returns for each result a score that is the sum of the matching scores from each score map. We evaluated this algorithm on a collection of about 28,000 queries with partially labeled results, and found that it is significantly more effective than PageRank, although not quite as effective as SALSA. We also studied the trade-off between ranking effectiveness and space requirements.	Efficient and effective link analysis with precomputed salsa maps	NA:NA	2018
Lian'en Huang:Lei Wang:Xiaoming Li	To find near-duplicate documents, fingerprint-based paradigms such as Broder's shingling and Charikar's simhash algorithms have been recognized as effective approaches and are considered the state-of-the-art. Nevertheless, we see two aspects of these approaches which may be improved. First, high score under these algorithms' similarity measurement implies high probability of similarity between documents, which is different from high similarity of the documents. But how similar two documents are is what we really need to know. Second, there has to be a tradeoff between hash-code length and hash-code multiplicity in fingerprint paradigms, which makes it hard to maintain a satisfactory recall level while improving precision. In this paper our contributions are two-folded. First, we propose a framework for implementing the longest common subsequence (LCS) as a similarity measurement in reasonable computing time, which leads to both high precision and recall. Second, we present an algorithm to get a trustable partition from the LCS to reduce the negative impact from templates used in web page design. A comprehensive experiment was conducted to evaluate our method in terms of its effectiveness, efficiency, and quality of result. More specifically, the method has been successfully used to partition a set of 430 million web pages into 68 million subsets of similar pages, which demonstrates its effectiveness. For quality, we compared our method with simhash and a Cosine-based method through a sampling process (Cosine is compared to LCS as an alternative similarity measurement). The result showed that our algorithm reached an overall precision of 0.95 while simhash was 0.71 and Cosine was 0.82. At the same time our method obtains 1.86 times as much recall as simhash and 1.56 times as much recall as Cosine. Comparison experiment was also done for documents in the same web sites. For that, our algorithm, simhash and Cosine find almost the same number of true-positives at a precision of 0.91, 0.50 and 0.63 respectively. In terms of efficiency, our algorithm takes 118 hours to process the whole archive of 430 million topic-type pages on a cluster of six Linux boxes, at the same time the processing time of simhash and Cosine is 94 hours and 68 hours respectively. When considering the need of word segmentation for languages such as Chinese, the processing time of Cosine should be multiplied and in our experiment it is 602 hours.	Achieving both high precision and high recall in near-duplicate detection	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhicheng Dou:Ruihua Song:Xiaojie Yuan:Ji-Rong Wen	Learning-to-rank algorithms, which can automatically adapt ranking functions in web search, require a large volume of training data. A traditional way of generating training examples is to employ human experts to judge the relevance of documents. Unfortunately, it is difficult, time-consuming and costly. In this paper, we study the problem of exploiting click-through data for learning web search rankings that can be collected at much lower cost. We extract pairwise relevance preferences from a large-scale aggregated click-through dataset, compare these preferences with explicit human judgments, and use them as training examples to learn ranking functions. We find click-through data are useful and effective in learning ranking functions. A straightforward use of aggregated click-through data can outperform human judgments. We demonstrate that the strategies are only slightly affected by fraudulent clicks. We also reveal that the pairs which are very reliable, e.g., the pairs consisting of documents with large click frequency differences, are not sufficient for learning.	Are click-through data adequate for learning web search rankings?	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jian Huang:Omid Madani:C. Lee Giles	We introduce a multi-stage ensemble framework, Error-Driven Generalist+Expert or Edge, for improved classification on large-scale text categorization problems. Edge first trains a generalist, capable of classifying under all classes, to deliver a reasonably accurate initial category ranking given an instance. Edge then computes a confusion graph for the generalist and allocates the learning resources to train experts on relatively small groups of classes that tend to be systematically confused with one another by the generalist. The experts' votes, when invoked on a given instance, yield a reranking of the classes, thereby correcting the errors of the generalist. Our evaluations showcase the improved classification and ranking performance on several large-scale text categorization datasets. Edge is in particular efficient when the underlying learners are efficient. Our study of confusion graphs is also of independent interest.	Error-driven generalist+experts (edge): a multi-stage ensemble framework for text categorization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yang Song:Lu Zhang:C. Lee Giles	Tagged data is rapidly becoming more available on the World Wide Web. Web sites which populate tagging services offer a good way for Internet users to share their knowledge. An interesting problem is how to make tag suggestions when a new resource becomes available. In this paper, we address the issue of efficient tag suggestion. We first propose a multi-class sparse Gaussian process classification framework (SGPS) which is capable of classifying data with very few training instances. We suggest a novel prototype selection algorithm to select the best subset of points for model learning. The framework is then extended to a novel multi-class multi-label classification algorithm (MMSG) that transforms tag suggestion into the problem of multi-label ranking. Experiments on bench-mark data sets and real-world data from Del.icio.us and BibSonomy suggest that our model can greatly improve the performance of tag suggestions when compared to the state-of-the-art. Overall, our model requires linear time to train and constant time to predict per case. The memory consumption is also significantly less than traditional batch learning algorithms such as SVMs. In addition, results on tagging digital data also demonstrate that our model is capable of recommending relevant tags to images and videos by using their surrounding textual information.	A sparse gaussian processes classification framework for fast tag suggestions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ping Luo:Fuzhen Zhuang:Hui Xiong:Yuhong Xiong:Qing He	Recent years have witnessed an increased interest in transfer learning. Despite the vast amount of research performed in this field, there are remaining challenges in applying the knowledge learnt from multiple source domains to a target domain. First, data from multiple source domains can be semantically related, but have different distributions. It is not clear how to exploit the distribution differences among multiple source domains to boost the learning performance in a target domain. Second, many real-world applications demand this transfer learning to be performed in a distributed manner. To meet these challenges, we propose a consensus regularization framework for transfer learning from multiple source domains to a target domain. In this framework, a local classifier is trained by considering both local data available in a source domain and the prediction consensus with the classifiers from other source domains. In addition, the training algorithm can be implemented in a distributed manner, in which all the source-domains are treated as slave nodes and the target domain is used as the master node. To combine the training results from multiple source domains, it only needs share some statistical data rather than the full contents of their labeled data. This can modestly relieve the privacy concerns and avoid the need to upload all data to a central location. Finally, our experimental results show the effectiveness of our consensus regularization learning.	Transfer learning from multiple source domains via consensus regularization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dell Zhang:Robert Mao	Statistical machine learning techniques for data classification usually assume that all entities are i.i.d. (independent and identically distributed). However, real-world entities often interconnect with each other through explicit or implicit relationships to form a complex network. Although some graph-based classification methods have emerged in recent years, they are not really suitable for complex networks as they do not take the degree distribution of network into consideration. In this paper, we propose a new technique, Modularity Kernel, that can effectively exploit the latent community structure of networked entities for their classification. A number of experiments on hypertext datasets show that our proposed approach leads to excellent classification performance in comparison with the state-of-the-art methods.	Classifying networked entities with modularity kernels	NA:NA	2018
Casey Whitelaw:Alex Kehlenbeck:Nemanja Petrovic:Lyle Ungar	Automatic recognition of named entities such as people, places, organizations, books, and movies across the entire web presents a number of challenges, both of scale and scope. Data for training general named entity recognizers is difficult to come by, and efficient machine learning methods are required once we have found hundreds of millions of labeled observations. We present an implemented system that addresses these issues, including a method for automatically generating training data, and a multi-class online classification training method that learns to recognize not only high level categories such as place and person, but also more fine-grained categories such as soccer players, birds, and universities. The resulting system gives precision and recall performance comparable to that obtained for more limited entity types in much more structured domains such as company recognition in newswire, even though web documents often lack consistent capitalization and grammatical sentence construction.	Web-scale named entity recognition	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Roy J. Byrd:Mary S. Neff:Wilfried Teiken:Youngja Park:Keh-Shin F. Cheng:Stephen C. Gates:Karthik Visweswariah	Modern businesses use contact centers as a communication channel with users of their products and services. The largest factor in the expense of running a telephone contact center is the labor cost of its agents. IBM Research has built a new system, Contact-Center Agent Buddies (CAB), which is designed to help reduce the average handle time (AHT) for customer calls, thereby also reducing their cost. In this paper, we focus on the call logging subsystem, which helps agents reduce the time they spend documenting those calls. We built a Template CAB and a Call Logging CAB, using a pipeline consisting of audio capture of a telephone conversation, automatic speech recognition, text analysis, and log generation. We developed techniques for ASR text cleansing, including normalization of expressions and acronyms, domain terms, capitalization, and boundaries for sentences, paragraphs, and call segments. We found that simple heuristics suffice to generate high-quality logs from the normalized sentences. The pipeline yields a candidate call log which the agents can edit in less time than it takes them to generate call logs manually. Evaluation of the Call Logging CAB in an industrial contact center environment shows that it reduces the amount of time agents spend logging calls by at least 50% without compromising the quality of the resulting call documentation.	Semi-automated logging of contact center telephone calls	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gang Luo:Chunqiang Tang:Hao Yang:Xing Wei	People are thirsty for medical information. Existing Web search engines often cannot handle medical search well because they do not consider its special requirements. Often a medical information searcher is uncertain about his exact questions and unfamiliar with medical terminology. Therefore, he sometimes prefers to pose long queries, describing his symptoms and situation in plain English, and receive comprehensive, relevant information from search results. This paper presents MedSearch, a specialized medical Web search engine, to address these challenges. MedSearch uses several key techniques to improve its usability and the quality of search results. First, it accepts queries of extended length and reforms long queries into shorter queries by extracting a subset of important and representative words. This not only significantly increases the query processing speed but also improves the quality of search results. Second, it provides diversified search results. Lastly, it suggests related medical phrases to help the user quickly digest search results and refine the query. We evaluated MedSearch using medical questions posted on medical discussion forums. The results show that MedSearch can handle various medical queries effectively and efficiently.	MedSearch: a specialized search engine for medical information retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Roger B. Bradford	The technique of latent semantic indexing is used in a wide variety of commercial applications. In these applications, the processing time and RAM required for SVD computation, and the processing time and RAM required during LSI retrieval operations are all roughly linear in the number of dimensions, k, chosen for the LSI representation space. In large-scale commercial LSI applications, reducing k values could be of significant value in reducing server costs. This paper explores the effects of varying dimensionality. The approach taken here focuses on term comparisons. Pairs of terms are considered which have strong real-world associations. The proximities of members of these pairs in the LSI space are compared at multiple values of k. The testing is carried out for collections of from one to five million documents. For the five million document collection, a value of k ≈ 400 provides the best performance. The results suggest that there is something of an 'island of stability' in the k = 300 to 500 range. The results also indicate that there is relatively little room to employ k values outside of this range without incurring significant distortions in at least some term-term correlations.	An empirical study of required dimensionality for large-scale latent semantic indexing applications	NA	2018
Gang Luo:Philip S. Yu	Real-time materialized view maintenance has become increasingly popular, especially in real-time data warehousing and data streaming environments. Upon updates to base relations, maintaining the corresponding materialized views can bring a heavy burden to the RDBMS. A traditional method to mitigate this problem is to use the where clause condition in the materialized view definition to detect whether an update to a base relation is relevant and can affect the materialized view. However, this detection method does not consider the content in the base relations and hence misses a large number of filtering opportunities. In this paper, we propose a content-based method for detecting irrelevant updates to base relations of a materialized view. At the cost of using more space, this method increases the probability of catching irrelevant updates by judiciously designing filtering relations to capture the content in the base relations. Based on the content-based method, a prototype real-time data warehouse has been implemented on top of IBM's System S using IBM DB2. Using an analytical model and our prototype, we show that the content-based method can catch most (or all) irrelevant updates to base relations that are missed by the traditional method. Thus, when the fraction of irrelevant updates is non-negligible, the load on the RDBMS due to materialized view maintenance can be significantly reduced.	Content-based filtering for efficient online materialized view maintenance	NA:NA	2018
Gang Qian:Yisheng Dong	Schema mapping plays a fundamental role in modern information systems. Mapping composition is an operator that combines a chain of successive schema mappings into a single schema mapping. By pre-computing the composed schema mapping, the system can achieve significant performance benefits. However, when a change occurs on any mapping in the chain, the composed schema mapping has to be maintained correspondingly. In this paper we consider a restricted form of the problem in the XML setting and propose an incremental maintenance approach. Specifically, given a chain of successive mappings, we transform intermediately them into trees that consist of atomic rules and then divide the composition into sub-compositions of the atomic rules. The dividing composition approach provides a fine-grained perspective of the composition relationships between the mappings. We depict such information through an auxiliary data structure called composition relationship graph (CRG). When changes occur on any mapping in the chain, the corresponding maintenance algorithms are developed based on the dividing approach and the CRG, which compute the changes on the composed mapping and then repair it into the new version, such that the computation involves only the atomic rules that are relevant with the maintenance. We evaluate our maintenance approach and report the first experiments results, which show that it is efficient.	A step towards incremental maintenance of the composed schema mapping	NA:NA	2018
Mumtaz Ahmad:Ashraf Aboulnaga:Shivnath Babu:Kamesh Munagala	The typical workload in a database system consists of a mixture of multiple queries of different types, running concurrently and interacting with each other. Hence, optimizing performance requires reasoning about query mixes and their interactions, rather than considering individual queries or query types. In this paper, we show the significant impact that query interactions can have on workload performance. We present a new approach based on planning experiments and statistical modeling to capture the impact of query interactions. This approach requires no prior assumptions about the internal workings of the database system or the nature or cause of query interactions, making it portable across systems. As a concrete demonstration of the potential of capturing, modeling, and exploiting query interactions, we develop a novel interaction-aware query scheduler that targets report-generation workloads in Business Intelligence (BI) settings. Under certain assumptions, the schedule found by this scheduler is within a constant factor of optimal. An experimental evaluation with TPC-H queries on IBM DB2 demonstrates that our scheduler consistently outperforms (up to 4x) conventional schedulers that do not account for query interactions.	Modeling and exploiting query interactions in database systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Humberto L. Razente:Maria Camila N. Barioni:Agma Juci M. Traina:Christos Faloutsos:Caetano Traina, Jr.	A similarity query considers an element as the query center and searches a dataset to find either the elements far up to a bounding radius or the k nearest ones from the query center. Several algorithms have been developed to efficiently execute similarity queries. However, there are queries that require more than one center, which we call Aggregate Similarity Queries. Such queries appear when the user gives multiple desirable examples, and requests data elements that are similar to all of the examples, as in the case of applying relevance feedback. Here we give the first algorithms that can handle aggregate similarity queries on Metric Access Methods (MAM) such as the M-tree and Slim-tree. Our method, which we call Metric Aggregate Similarity Search (MASS) has the following properties: (a) it requires only the triangle inequality property; (b) it guarantees no false-dismissals, as we prove that it lower-bounds the aggregate distance scores; (c) it can work with any MAM; (d) it can handle any number of query centers, which are either scattered all over the space or concentrated on a restricted region. Experiments on both real and synthetic data show that our method scales on both the number of elements and, if the dataset is in a spatial domain, also on its dimensionality. Moreover, it achieves better results than previous related methods.	A novel optimization approach to efficiently process aggregate similarity queries in metric access methods	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kerstin Bischoff:Claudiu S. Firan:Wolfgang Nejdl:Raluca Paiu	Collaborative tagging has become an increasingly popular means for sharing and organizing Web resources, leading to a huge amount of user generated metadata. These tags represent quite a few different aspects of the resources they describe and it is not obvious whether and how these tags or subsets of them can be used for search. This paper is the first to present an in-depth study of tagging behavior for very different kinds of resources and systems - Web pages (Del.icio.us), music (Last.fm), and images (Flickr) - and compares the results with anchor text characteristics. We analyze and classify sample tags from these systems, to get an insight into what kinds of tags are used for different resources, and provide statistics on tag distributions in all three tagging environments. Since even relevant tags may not add new information to the search procedure, we also check overlap of tags with content, with metadata assigned by experts and from other sources. We discuss the potential of different kinds of tags for improving search, comparing them with user queries posted to search engines as well as through a user survey. The results are promising and provide more insight into both the use of different kinds of tags for improving search and possible extensions of tagging systems to support the creation of potentially search-relevant tags.	Can all tags be used for search?	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anna Ritchie:Stephen Robertson:Simone Teufel	In previous work, we have shown that using terms from around citations in citing papers to index the cited paper, in addition to the cited paper's own terms, can improve retrieval effectiveness. Now, we investigate how to select text from around the citations in order to extract good index terms. We compare the retrieval effectiveness that results from a range of contexts around the citations, including no context, the entire citing paper, some fixed windows and several variations with linguistic motivations. We conclude with an analysis of the benefits of more complex, linguistically motivated methods for extracting citation index terms, over using a fixed window of terms. We speculate that there might be some advantage to using computational linguistic techniques for this task.	Comparing citation contexts for information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fabian M. Suchanek:Milan Vojnovic:Dinan Gunawardena	This paper aims to quantify two common assumptions about social tagging: (1) that tags are "meaningful" and (2) that the tagging process is influenced by tag suggestions. For (1), we analyze the semantic properties of tags and the relationship between the tags and the content of the tagged page. Our analysis is based on a corpus of search keywords, contents, titles, and tags applied to several thousand popular Web pages. Among other results, we find that the more popular tags of a page tend to be the more meaningful ones. For (2), we develop a model of how the influence of tag suggestions can be measured. From a user study with over 4,000 participants, we conclude that roughly one third of the tag applications may be induced by the suggestions. Our results would be of interest for designers of social tagging systems and are a step towards understanding how to best leverage social tags for applications such as search and information extraction.	Social tags: meaning and suggestions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Ma:Haixuan Yang:Michael R. Lyu:Irwin King	Social Network Marketing techniques employ pre-existing social networks to increase brands or products awareness through word-of-mouth promotion. Full understanding of social network marketing and the potential candidates that can thus be marketed to certainly offer lucrative opportunities for prospective sellers. Due to the complexity of social networks, few models exist to interpret social network marketing realistically. We propose to model social network marketing using Heat Diffusion Processes. This paper presents three diffusion models, along with three algorithms for selecting the best individuals to receive marketing samples. These approaches have the following advantages to best illustrate the properties of real-world social networks: (1) We can plan a marketing strategy sequentially in time since we include a time factor in the simulation of product adoptions; (2) The algorithm of selecting marketing candidates best represents and utilizes the clustering property of real-world social networks; and (3) The model we construct can diffuse both positive and negative comments on products or brands in order to simulate the complicated communications within social networks. Our work represents a novel approach to the analysis of social network marketing, and is the first work to propose how to defend against negative comments within social networks. Complexity analysis shows our model is also scalable to very large social networks.	Mining social networks using heat diffusion processes for marketing candidates selection	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leonardo Rocha:Fernando Mourão:Adriano Pereira:Marcos André Gonçalves:Wagner Meira, Jr.	Due to the increasing amount of information being stored and accessible through the Web, Automatic Document Classification (ADC) has become an important research topic. ADC usually employs a supervised learning strategy, where we first build a classification model using pre-classified documents and then use it to classify unseen documents. One major challenge in building classifiers is dealing with the temporal evolution of the characteristics of the documents and the classes to which they belong. However, most of the current techniques for ADC do not consider this evolution while building and using the models. Previous results show that the performance of classifiers may be affected by three different temporal effects (class distribution, term distribution and class similarity). Further, it is shown that using just portions of the pre-classified documents, which we call contexts, for building the classifiers, result in better performance, as a consequence of the minimization of the aforementioned effects. In this paper we define the concept of temporal contexts as being the portions of documents that minimize those effects. We then propose a general algorithm for determining such contexts, discuss its implementation-related issues, and propose a heuristic that is able to determine temporal contexts efficiently. In order to demonstrate the effectiveness of our strategy, we evaluated it using two distinct collections: ACM-DL and MedLine. We initially evaluated the reduction in terms of both the effort to build a classifier and the entropy associated with each context. Further, we evaluated whether these observed reductions translate into better classification performance by employing a very simple classifier, majority voting. The results show that we achieved precision gains of up to 30% compared to a version that is not temporally contextualized, and the same accuracy of a state-of-the-art classifier (SVM), while presenting an execution time up to hundreds of times faster.	Exploiting temporal contexts in text classification	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alessandro Moschitti	Previous work on Natural Language Processing for Information Retrieval has shown the inadequateness of semantic and syntactic structures for both document retrieval and categorization. The main reason is the high reliability and effectiveness of language models, which are sufficient to accurately solve such retrieval tasks. However, when the latter involve the computation of relational semantics between text fragments simple statistical models may result ineffective. In this paper, we show that syntactic and semantic structures can be used to greatly improve complex categorization tasks such as determining if an answer correctly responds to a question. Given the high complexity of representing semantic/syntactic structures in learning algorithms, we applied kernel methods along with Support Vector Machines to better exploit the needed relational information. Our experiments on answer classification on Web and TREC data show that our models greatly improve on bag-of-words.	Kernel methods, syntax and semantics for relational text categorization	NA	2018
George Forman	In the realm of machine learning for text classification, TF-IDF is the most widely used representation for real-valued feature vectors. However, IDF is oblivious to the training class labels and naturally scales some features inappropriately. We replace IDF with Bi-Normal Separation (BNS), which has been previously found to be excellent at ranking words for feature selection filtering. Empirical evaluation on a benchmark of 237 binary text classification tasks shows substantially better accuracy and F-measure for a Support Vector Machine (SVM) by using BNS scaling. A wide variety of other feature representations were later tested and found inferior, as well as binary features with no scaling. Moreover, BNS scaling yielded better performance without feature selection, obviating the need for feature selection.	BNS feature scaling: an improved representation over tf-idf for svm text classification	NA	2018
Guilherme Hoefel:Charles Elkan	Learning a sequence classifier means learning to predict a sequence of output tags based on a set of input data items. For example, recognizing that a handwritten word is "cat", based on three images of handwritten letters and on general knowledge of English letter combinations, is a sequence classification task. This paper describes a new two-stage approach to learning a sequence classifier that is (i) highly accurate, (ii) scalable, and (iii) easy to use in data mining applications. The two-stage approach combines support vector machines (SVMs) and conditional random fields (CRFs). It is (i) highly accurate because it benefits from the maximum-margin nature of SVMs and also from the ability of CRFs to model correlations between neighboring output tags. It is (ii) scalable because the input to each SVM is a small training set, and the input to the CRF has a small number of features, namely the SVM outputs. It is (iii) easy to use because it combines existing published software in a straightforward way. In detailed experiments on the task of recognizing handwritten words, we show that the two-stage approach is more accurate, or faster and more scalable, or both, than leading other methods for learning sequence classifiers, including max-margin Markov networks (M3Ns) and standard CRFs.	Learning a two-stage SVM/CRF sequence classifier	NA:NA	2018
Ziv Bar-Yossef:Li-Tal Mashiach	We consider the problem of approximating the PageRank of a target node using only local information provided by a link server. This problem was originally studied by Chen, Gan, and Suel (CIKM 2004), who presented an algorithm for tackling it. We prove that local approximation of PageRank, even to within modest approximation factors, is infeasible in the worst-case, as it requires probing the link server for Ω(n) nodes, where n is the size of the graph. The difficulty emanates from nodes of high in-degree and/or from slow convergence of the PageRank random walk. We show that when the graph has bounded in-degree and admits fast PageRank convergence, then local PageRank approximation can be done using a small number of queries. Unfortunately, natural graphs, such as the web graph, are abundant with high in-degree nodes, making this algorithm (or any other local approximation algorithm) too costly. On the other hand, reverse natural graphs tend to have low in-degree while maintaining fast PageRank convergence. It follows that calculating Reverse PageRank locally is frequently more feasible than computing PageRank locally. We demonstrate that Reverse PageRank is useful for several applications, including computation of hub scores for web pages, finding influencers in social networks, obtaining good seeds for crawling, and measurement of semantic relatedness between concepts in a taxonomy.	Local approximation of pagerank and reverse pagerank	NA:NA	2018
Aleksandra Korolova:Rajeev Motwani:Shubha U. Nabar:Ying Xu	We consider a privacy threat to a social network in which the goal of an attacker is to obtain knowledge of a significant fraction of the links in the network. We formalize the typical social network interface and the information about links that it provides to its users in terms of lookahead. We consider a particular threat where an attacker subverts user accounts to get information about local neighborhoods in the network and pieces them together in order to get a global picture. We analyze, both experimentally and theoretically, the number of user accounts an attacker would need to subvert for a successful attack, as a function of his strategy for choosing users whose accounts to subvert and a function of lookahead provided by the network. We conclude that such an attack is feasible in practice, and thus any social network that wishes to protect the link privacy of its users should take great care in choosing the lookahead of its interface, limiting it to 1 or 2, whenever possible.	Link privacy in social networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chen Chen:Cindy Xide Lin:Xifeng Yan:Jiawei Han	In the past, quite a few fast algorithms have been developed to mine frequent patterns over graph data, with the large spectrum covering many variants of the problem. However, the real bottleneck for knowledge discovery on graphs is neither efficiency nor scalability, but the usability of patterns that are mined out. Currently, what the state-of-art techniques give is a lengthy list of exact patterns, which are undesirable in the following two aspects: (1) on the micro side, due to various inherent noises or data diversity, exact patterns are usually not too useful in many real applications; and (2) on the macro side, the rigid structural requirement being posed often generates an excessive amount of patterns that are only slightly different from each other, which easily overwhelm the users. In this paper, we study the presentation problem of graph patterns, where structural representatives are deemed as the key mechanism to make the whole strategy effective. As a solution to fill the usability gap, we adopt a two-step smoothing-clustering framework, with the first step adding error tolerance to individual patterns (the micro side), and the second step reducing output cardinality by collapsing multiple structurally similar patterns into one representative (the macro side). This novel, integrative approach is never tried in previous studies, which essentially rolls-up our attention to a more appropriate level that no longer looks into every minute detail. The above framework is general, which may apply under various settings and incorporate a lot of extensions. Empirical studies indicate that a compact group of informative delegates can be achieved on real datasets and the proposed algorithms are both efficient and scalable.	On effective presentation of graph patterns: a structural representative approach	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qiankun Zhao:Sourav S. Bhowmick:Xin Zheng:Kai Yi	Mining different types of communities from web data have attracted a lot of research efforts in recent years. However, none of the existing community mining techniques has taken into account both the dynamic as well as heterogeneous nature of web data. In this paper, we propose to characterize and predict community members from the evolution of heterogeneous web data. We first propose a general framework for analyzing the evolution of heterogeneous networks. Then, the academic network, which is extracted from 1 million computer science papers, is used as an example to illustrate the framework. Finally, two example applications of the academic network are presented. Experimental results with a real and very large heterogeneous academic network show that our proposed framework can produce good results in terms of community member recommendation. Also, novel knowledge and insights can be gained by analyzing the community evolution pattern.	Characterizing and predicting community members from evolutionary and heterogeneous networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marko A. Rodriguez:Johan Bollen	The peer-review process is the most widely accepted certification mechanism for officially accepting the written results of researchers within the scientific community. An essential component of peer-review is the identification of competent referees to review a submitted manuscript. This article presents an algorithm to automatically determine the most appropriate reviewers for a manuscript by way of a co-authorship network data structure and a relative-rank particle-swarm algorithm. This approach is novel in that it is not limited to a pre-selected set of referees, is computationally efficient, requires no human-intervention, and, in some instances, can automatically identify conflict of interest situations. A useful application of this algorithm would be to open commentary peer-review systems because it provides a weighting for each referee with respects to their expertise in the domain of a manuscript. The algorithm is validated using referee bid data from the 2005 Joint Conference on Digital Libraries.	An algorithm to determine peer-reviewers	NA:NA	2018
Dongmei Jia:Wai Gen Yee:Ophir Frieder	Spam is highly pervasive in P2P file-sharing systems and is difficult to detect automatically before actually downloading a file due to the insufficient and biased description of a file returned to a client as a query result. To alleviate this problem, we first characterize spam and spammers in the P2P file-sharing environment and then describe feature-based techniques for automatically detecting spam in P2P query result sets. Experimental results show that the proposed techniques successfully decrease the amount of spam by 9% in the top-200 results and by 92% in the top-20 results.	Spam characterization and detection in peer-to-peer file-sharing systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Steve Webb:James Caverlee:Calton Pu	Web spam is a widely-recognized threat to the quality and security of the Web. Web spam pages pollute search engine indexes, burden Web crawlers and Web mining services, and expose users to dangerous Web-borne malware. To defend against Web spam, most previous research analyzes the contents of Web pages and the link structure of the Web graph. Unfortunately, these heavyweight approaches require full downloads of both legitimate and spam pages to be effective, making real-time deployment of these techniques infeasible for Web browsers, high-performance Web crawlers, and real-time Web applications. In this paper, we present a lightweight, predictive approach to Web spam classification that relies exclusively on HTTP session information (i.e., hosting IP addresses and HTTP session headers). Concretely, we built an HTTP session classifier based on our predictive technique, and by incorporating this classifier into HTTP retrieval operations, we are able to detect Web spam pages before the actual content transfer. As a result, our approach protects Web users from Web-propagated malware, and it generates significant bandwidth and storage savings. By applying our predictive technique to a corpus of almost 350,000 Web spam instances and almost 400,000 legitimate instances, we were able to successfully detect 88.2% of the Web spam pages with a false positive rate of only 0.4%. These classification results are superior to previous evaluation results obtained with traditional link-based and content-based techniques. Additionally, our experiments show that our approach saves an average of 15.4 KB of bandwidth and storage resources for every successfully identified Web spam page, while only adding an average of 101 microseconds to each HTTP retrieval operation. Therefore, our predictive technique can be successfully deployed in applications that demand real-time spam detection.	Predicting web spam with HTTP session information	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nish Parikh:Neel Sundaresan	In this paper we describe how high quality transaction data comprising of online searching, product viewing, and product buying activity of a large online community can be used to infer semantic relationships between queries. We work with a large scale query log consisting of around 115 million queries from eBay. We discuss various techniques to infer semantic relationships among queries and show how the results from these methods can be combined to measure the strength and depict the kinds of relationships. Further, we show how this extraction of relations can be used to improve search relevance, related query recommendations, and recovery from null results in an eCommerce context.	Inferring semantic query relations from collective user behavior	NA:NA	2018
George A. Mihaila:Ioana Stanoi:Christian A. Lang	Continuous queries enable alerts, predictions, and early warning in various domains such as health care, business process monitoring, financial applications, and environment protection. Currently, the consistency of the result cannot be assessed by the application, since only the query processor has enough internal information to determine when the output has reached a consistent state. To our knowledge, this is the first paper that addresses the problem of consistency under the assumptions and constraints of a continuous query model. In addition to defining an appropriate consistency notion, we propose techniques for guaranteeing consistency. We implemented the proposed techniques in our existing stream engine, and we report on the characteristics of the observed performance. As we show, these methods are practical as they impose only a small overhead on the system.	Anomaly-free incremental output in stream processing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Abhishek Mukherji:Elke A. Rundensteiner:David C. Brown:Venkatesh Raghavan	Continuous time-series sequence matching, specifically, matching a numeric live stream against a set of redefined pattern sequences, is critical for domains ranging from fire spread tracking to network traffic monitoring. While several algorithms exist for similarity matching of static time-series data, matching continuous data poses new, largely unsolved challenges including online real-time processing requirements and system resource limitations for handling infinite streams. In this work, we propose a novel live stream matching framework, called n-Snippet Indices Framework (in short, SNIF), to tackle these challenges. SNIF employs snippets as the basic unit for matching streaming time-series. The insight is to perform the matching at two levels of granularity: bag matching of subsets of snippets of the live stream against prefixes of the patterns, and order checking for maintaining successive candidate snippet bag matches. We design a two-level index structure, called SNIF index, which supports these two modes of matching. We propose a family of online two-level prefix matching algorithms that trade off between result accuracy and response time. The effectiveness of SNIF to detect patterns has been thoroughly tested through experiments using real datasets from the domains of fire monitoring and sensor motes. In this paper, we also present a study of SNIF's performance, accuracy and tolerance to noise compared against those of the state-of-the-art Continuous Query with Prediction (CQP) approach.	SNIF TOOL: sniffing for patterns in continuous streams	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gang Luo:Rong Yan:Philip S. Yu	Online detection of video clips that present previously unseen events in a video stream is still an open challenge to date. For this online new event detection (ONED) task, existing studies mainly focus on optimizing the detection accuracy instead of the detection efficiency. As a result, it is difficult for existing systems to detect new events in real time, especially for large-scale video collections such as the video content available on the Web. In this paper, we propose several scalable techniques to improve the video processing speed of a baseline ONED system by orders of magnitude without sacrificing much detection accuracy. First, we use text features alone to filter out most of the non-new-event clips and to skip those expensive but unnecessary steps including image feature extraction and image similarity computation. Second, we use a combination of indexing and compression methods to speed up text processing. We implemented a prototype of our optimized ONED system on top of IBM's System S. The effectiveness of our techniques is evaluated on the standard TRECVID 2005 benchmark, which demonstrates that our techniques can achieve a 480-fold speedup with detection accuracy degraded less than 5%.	Real-time new event detection for video streams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Giorgio Ghelli:Dario Colazzo:Carlo Sartiani	The extension of Regular Expressions (REs) with an interleaving (shuffle) operator has been proposed in many occasions, since it would be crucial to deal with unordered data. However, interleaving badly affects the complexity of basic operations, and, expecially, makes membership NP-hard [13], which is unacceptable for most uses of REs. REs form the basis of most XML type languages, such as DTDs and XML Schema types, and XDuce types [16, 11]. In this context, the interleaving operator would be a natural addition to the language of REs, as witnessed by the presence of limited forms of interleaving in XSD (the all group), Relax-NG, and SGML, provided that the NP-hardness of membership could be avoided. We present here a restricted class of REs with interleaving and counting which admits a linear membership algorithm, and which is expressive enough to cover the vast majority of real-world XML types. We first present an algorithm for membership of a list of words into a RE with interleaving and counting, based on the translation of the RE into a set of constraints. We generalize the approach in order to check membership of XML trees into a class of EDTDs with interleaving and counting, which models the crucial aspects of DTDs and XSD schemas.	Linear time membership in a class of regular expressions with interleaving and counting	NA:NA:NA	2018
Donald Metzler	Inverse document frequency (IDF) is one of the most useful and widely used concepts in information retrieval. There have been various attempts to provide theoretical justifications for IDF. One of the most appealing derivations follows from the Robertson-Sparck Jones relevance weight. However, this derivation, and others related to it, typically make a number of strong assumptions that are often glossed over. In this paper, we re-examine these assumptions from a Bayesian perspective, discuss possible alternatives, and derive a new, more generalized form of IDF that we call generalized inverse document frequency. In addition to providing theoretical insights into IDF, we also undertake a rigorous empirical evaluation that shows generalized IDF outperforms classical versions of IDF on a number of ad hoc retrieval tasks.	Generalized inverse document frequency	NA	2018
Derrick Coetzee	Inverted indexes using sequences of characters (n-grams) as terms provide an error-resilient and language-independent way to query for arbitrary substrings and perform approximate matching in a text, but present a number of practical problems: they have a very large number of terms, they exhibit pathologically expensive worst-case query times on certain natural inputs, and they cannot cope with very short query strings. In word-based indexes, static index pruning has been successful in reducing index size while maintaining precision, at the expense of recall. Taking advantage of the unique inclusion structure of n-gram terms of different lengths, we show that the lexicon size of an n-gram index can be reduced by 7 to 15 times without any loss of recall, and without any increase in either index size or query time. Because the lexicon is typically stored in main memory, this substantially reduces the memory required for queries. Simultaneously, our construction is also the first overlapping n-gram index to place tunable worst-case bounds on false positives and to permit efficient queries on strings of any length. Using this construction, we also demonstrate the first feasible n-gram index using words rather than characters as units, and its applications to phrase searching.	TinyLex: static n-gram index pruning with perfect recall	NA	2018
David E. Losada:Leif Azzopardi:Mark Baillie	The scope hypothesis in Information Retrieval (IR) states that a relationship exists between document length and relevance, such that the likelihood of relevance increases with document length. A number of empirical studies have provided statistical evidence supporting the scope hypothesis. However, these studies make the implicit assumption that modern test collections are complete (i.e. all documents are assessed for relevance). As a consequence the observed evidence is misleading. In this paper we perform a deeper analysis of document length and relevance taking into account that test collections are incomplete. We first demonstrate that previous evidence supporting the scope hypothesis was an artefact of the test collection, where there is a bias towards longer documents in the pooling process. We evaluate whether this length bias affects system comparison when using incomplete test collections. The results indicate that test collections are problematic when considering MAP as a measure of effectiveness but are relatively robust when using bpref. The implications of the study indicate that retrieval models should not be tuned to favour longer documents, and that designers of new test collections should take measures against length bias during the pooling process in order to create more reliable and robust test collections.	Revisiting the relationship between document length and relevance	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lixin Shi:Jian-Yun Nie:Guihong Cao	Traditional information retrieval (IR) approaches assume that the indexing terms are independent, which is not true in reality. Although some previous studies have tried to consider term relationships, strong simplifications had to be made at the very basic indexing step, namely, dependent terms are assigned independent counts or probabilities. In this study, we propose to consider dependencies between terms using Dempster-Shafer theory of evidence. An occurrence of a string in a document is considered to represent the set of all the terms implied in it. Probability is assigned to such a set of terms instead of individual terms. During query evaluation phase, a part of the probability of a set can be transferred to those of the query that are related, allowing us to integrate language-dependent relations in IR. This approach has been tested on several Chinese IR collections. Our experimental results show that our model can outperform the existing state-of-the-art approaches. The proposed method can be used as a general way to consider different types of relationship between terms and for other languages.	Relating dependent indexes using dempster-shafer theory	NA:NA:NA	2018
Claudia Hauff:Vanessa Murdock:Ricardo Baeza-Yates	Query performance prediction aims to predict whether a query will have a high average precision given retrieval from a particular collection, or low average precision. An accurate estimator of the quality of search engine results can allow the search engine to decide to which queries to apply query expansion, for which queries to suggest alternative search terms, to adjust the sponsored results, or to return results from specialized collections. In this paper we present an evaluation of state of the art query prediction algorithms, both post-retrieval and pre-retrieval and we analyze their sensitivity towards the retrieval algorithm. We evaluate query difficulty predictors over three widely different collections and query sets and present an analysis of why prediction algorithms perform significantly worse on Web data. Finally we introduce Improved Clarity, and demonstrate that it outperforms state-of-the-art predictors on three standard collections, including two large Web collections.	Improved query difficulty prediction for the web	NA:NA:NA	2018
Doug Downey:Susan Dumais:Dan Liebling:Eric Horvitz	We describe results from Web search log studies aimed at elucidating user behaviors associated with queries and destination URLs that appear with different frequencies. We note the diversity of information goals that searchers have and the differing ways that goals are specified. We examine rare and common information goals that are specified using rare or common queries. We identify several significant differences in user behavior depending on the rarity of the query and the destination URL. We find that searchers are more likely to be successful when the frequencies of the query and destination URL are similar. We also establish that the behavioral differences observed for queries and goals of varying rarity persist even after accounting for potential confounding variables, including query length, search engine ranking, session duration, and task difficulty. Finally, using an information-theoretic measure of search difficulty, we show that the benefits obtained by search and navigation actions depend on the frequency of the information goal.	Understanding the relationship between searchers' queries and information goals	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zuobing Xu:Ram Akella	Relevance feedback has been demonstrated to be an effective strategy for improving retrieval accuracy. The existing relevance feedback algorithms based on language models and vector space models are not effective in learning from negative feedback documents, which are abundant if the initial query is difficult. The probabilistic retrieval model has the advantage of being able to naturally improve the estimation of both the relevant and non-relevant models. The Dirichlet compound multinomial (DCM) distribution, which relies on hierarchical Bayesian modeling techniques, is a more appropriate generative model for the probabilistic retrieval model than the traditional multinomial distribution. We propose a new relevance feedback algorithm, based on a mixture model of the DCM distribution, to effectively model the overlaps between the positive and negative feedback documents. Consequently, the new algorithm improves the retrieval performance substantially for difficult queries. To further reduce human relevance evaluation, we propose a new active learning algorithm in conjunction with the new relevance feedback model. The new active learning algorithm implicitly models the diversity, density and relevance of unlabeled data in a transductive experimental design framework. Experimental results on several TREC datasets show that both the relevance feedback and active learning algorithm significantly improve retrieval accuracy.	Active relevance feedback for difficult queries	NA:NA	2018
Qiaozhu Mei:Dengyong Zhou:Kenneth Church	Generating alternative queries, also known as query suggestion, has long been proved useful to help a user explore and express his information need. In many scenarios, such suggestions can be generated from a large scale graph of queries and other accessory information, such as the clickthrough. However, how to generate suggestions while ensuring their semantic consistency with the original query remains a challenging problem. In this work, we propose a novel query suggestion algorithm based on ranking queries with the hitting time on a large scale bipartite graph. Without involvement of twisted heuristics or heavy tuning of parameters, this method clearly captures the semantic consistency between the suggested query and the original query. Empirical experiments on a large scale query log of a commercial search engine and a scientific literature collection show that hitting time is effective to generate semantically consistent query suggestions. The proposed algorithm and its variations can successfully boost long tail queries, accommodating personalized query suggestion, as well as finding related authors in research.	Query suggestion using hitting time	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xuanhui Wang:ChengXiang Zhai	Search engine logs are an emerging new type of data that offers interesting opportunities for data mining. Existing work on mining such data has mostly attempted to discover knowledge at the level of queries (e.g., query clusters). In this paper, we propose to mine search engine logs for patterns at the level of terms through analyzing the relations of terms inside a query. We define two novel term association patterns (i.e., context-sensitive term substitutions and term additions) and propose new methods for mining such patterns from search engine logs. These two patterns can be used to address the mis-specification and under-specification problems of ineffective queries. Experiment results on real search engine logs show that the mined context-sensitive term substitutions can be used to effectively reword queries and improve their accuracy, while the mined context-sensitive term addition patterns can be used to support query refinement in a more effective way.	Mining term association patterns from search logs for effective query reformulation	NA:NA	2018
Krisztian Balog:Maarten de Rijke	The task addressed in this paper, finding experts in an enterprise setting, has gained in importance and interest over the past few years. Commonly, this task is approached as an association finding exercise between people and topics. Existing techniques use either documents (as a whole) or proximity-based techniques to represent candidate experts. Proximity-based techniques have shown clear precision-enhancing benefits. We complement both document and proximity-based approaches to expert finding by importing global evidence of expertise, i.e., evidence obtained using information that is not available in the immediate proximity of a candidate expert's name occurrence or even on the same page on which the name occurs. Examples include candidate priors, query models, as well as other documents a candidate expert is associated with. Using the CERC data set created for the TREC 2007 Enterprise track we identify examples of non-local evidence of expertise. We then propose modified expert retrieval models that are capable of incorporating both local (either document or snippet-based) evidence and non-local evidence of expertise. Results show that our refined models significantly outperform existing state-of-the-art approaches.	Non-local evidence for expert finding	NA:NA	2018
Amit Goyal:Francesco Bonchi:Laks V.S. Lakshmanan	We introduce a novel frequent pattern mining approach to discover leaders and tribes in social networks. In particular, we consider social networks where users perform actions. Actions may be as simple as tagging resources (urls) as in del.icio.us, rating songs as in Yahoo! Music, or movies as in Yahoo! Movies, or users buying gadgets such as cameras, handhelds, etc. and blogging a review on the gadgets. The assumption is that actions performed by a user can be seen by their network friends. Users seeing their friends' actions are sometimes tempted to perform those actions. We are interested in the problem of studying the propagation of such "influence", and on this basis, identifying which users are leaders when it comes to setting the trend for performing various actions. We consider alternative definitions of leaders based on frequent patterns and develop algorithms for their efficient discovery. Our definitions are based on observing the way influence propagates in a time window, as the window is moved in time. Given a social graph and a table of user actions, our algorithms can discover leaders of various flavors by making one pass over the actions table. We run detailed experiments to evaluate the utility and scalability of our algorithms on real-life data. The results of our experiments confirm on the one hand, the efficiency of the proposed algorithm, and on the other hand, the effectiveness and relevance of the overall framework. To the best of our knowledge, this the first frequent pattern based approach to social network mining.	Discovering leaders from community actions	NA:NA:NA	2018
David Milne:Ian H. Witten	This paper describes how to automatically cross-reference documents with Wikipedia: the largest knowledge base ever known. It explains how machine learning can be used to identify significant terms within unstructured text, and enrich it with links to the appropriate Wikipedia articles. The resulting link detector and disambiguator performs very well, with recall and precision of almost 75%. This performance is constant whether the system is evaluated on Wikipedia articles or "real world" documents. This work has implications far beyond enriching documents with explanatory links. It can provide structured knowledge about any unstructured fragment of text. Any task that is currently addressed with bags of words - indexing, clustering, retrieval, and summarization to name a few - could use the techniques described here to draw on a vast network of concepts and semantics.	Learning to link with wikipedia	NA:NA	2018
Pedro Domingos	Modern information and knowledge management is characterized by high degrees of complexity and uncertainty. Complexity is well handled by first-order logic, and uncertainty by probabilistic graphical models. What has been sorely missing is a seamless combination of the two. Markov logic provides this by attaching weights to logical formulas and treating them as templates for features of Markov random fields. This talks surveys Markov logic representation, inference, learning and applications. Inference algorithms combine ideas from satisfiability testing, resolution, Markov chain Monte Carlo and belief propagation. Learning algorithms involve statistical weight learning and inductive logic programming. Markov logic has been successfully applied to a wide range of information and knowledge management problems, including information extraction, entity resolution, ontology learning, link prediction, heterogeneous knowledge bases, and others. It is the basis of the open-source Alchemy system (http://alchemy.cs.washington.edu).	Markov logic: a unifying language for knowledge and information management	NA	2018
Alex Thomo:S. Venkatesh	In this paper, we focus on XML data integration by studying rewritings of XML target schemas in terms of source schemas. Rewriting is very important in data integration systems where the system is asked to find and assemble XML documents from the data sources and produce documents which satisfy a target schema. As schema representation, we consider Visibly Pushdown Automata (VPAs) which accept Visibly Pushdown Languages (VPLs). The latter have been shown to coincide with the family of (word-encoded) regular tree languages which are the basis of formalisms for specifying XML schemas. Furthermore, practical semi-formal XML schema specifications (defined by simple pattern conditions on XML) compile into VPAs which are exponentially more concise than other representations based on tree automata. Notably, VPLs enjoy a "well-behavedness" which facilitates us in addressing rewriting problems for XML data integration. Based on VPAs, we positively solve these problems, and present detailed complexity analyses.	Rewriting of visibly pushdown languages for xml data integration	NA:NA	2018
Guangjun Xie:Qi Cheng:Jarek Gryz:Calisto Zuzarte	IBM® DB2® 9 is a truly hybrid commercial database system that combines XML and relational data. It provides native support for XML storage and indexing, and query evaluation support for XQuery. By building a hybrid system, the designers of DB2 9 were able to use the existing SQL query evaluation and optimization techniques to develop similar methods for XQuery. However, SQL and XQuery are sufficiently different that new optimization techniques can and are being developed in the new XQuery domain. This paper describes a few such techniques, all based on static rewrites of XQuery expressions.	Some rewrite optimizations of DB2 XQuery navigation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bilel Gueni:Talel Abdessalem:Bogdan Cautis:Emmanuel Waller	We present in this paper an approach for XQuery optimization that exploits minimization opportunities raised in composition-style nesting of queries. More precisely, we consider the simplification of XQuery queries in which the intermediate result constructed by a subexpression is queried by another subexpression. Based on a large subset of XQuery, we describe a rule-based algorithm that recursively prunes query expressions, eliminating useless intermediate results. Our algorithm takes as input an XQuery expression that may have navigation within its subexpressions and outputs a simplified, equivalent XQuery expression, and is thus readily usable as an optimization module in any existing XQuery processor. We demonstrate by experiments the impact of our rewriting approach on query evaluation costs and we prove formally its correctness.	Pruning nested XQuery queries	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pawel Placek:Dimitri Theodoratos:Stefanos Souldatos:Theodore Dalamagas:Timos Sellis	Query processing techniques for XML data have focused mainly on tree-pattern queries (TPQs). However, the need for querying XML data sources whose structure is very complex or not fully known to the user, and the need to integrate multiple XML data sources with different structures have driven, recently, the suggestion of query languages that relax the complete specification of a tree pattern. In order to implement the processing of such languages in current DBMSs, their containment problem has to be efficiently solved. In this paper, we consider a query language which generalizes TPQs by allowing the partial specification of a tree pattern. Partial tree-pattern queries (PTPQs) constitute a large fragment of XPath that flexibly permits the specification of a broad range of queries from keyword queries without structure, to queries with partial specification of the structure, to complete TPQs. We address the containment problem for PTPQs. This problem becomes more complex in the context of PTPQs because the partial specification of the structure allows new, non-trivial, structural expressions to be inferred from those explicitly specified in a query. We show that the containent problem cannot be characterized by homomorphisms between PTPQs, even when PTPQs are put in a canonical form that comprises all derived structural expressions. We provide necessary and sufficient conditions for this problem in terms of homomorphisms between PTPQs and (a possibly exponential number of) TPQs. To cope with the high complexity of PTPQ containment, we suggest a heuristic approach for this problem that trades accuracy for speed. An extensive experimental evaluation of our heuristic shows that our heuristic approach can be efficiently implemented in a query optimizer.	A heuristic approach for checking containment of generalized tree-pattern queries	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leif Azzopardi:Vishwa Vinay	Evaluation in Information Retrieval (IR) has long focused on effectiveness and efficiency. However, new and emerging access tasks now demand alternative evaluation measures which go beyond this traditional view. A retrieval system provides a means of gaining access to documents, therefore intuitively, our view of the collection is shaped by the retrieval system. In this paper, we outline some emerging information access related scenarios that require knowledge about how the retrieval system affects the users' ability to access information. This provides the motivation for the proposed evaluation measures and methodology where the focus is on capturing the behavior of the system, in terms of how retrievable it makes individual documents within the collection. To demonstrate the utility of the proposed methods, we perform an extensive analysis on two TREC collections showing how the measures can be applied to evaluate different information access questions. For higher order information access tasks that are inherently dependent on retrievability, our novel evaluation methodology emphasizes that effectiveness is an insufficient characterization of a retrieval system. This paper provides the foundations for the evaluation of higher order access related tasks.	Retrievability: an evaluation measure for higher order information access tasks	NA:NA	2018
William Webber:Alistair Moffat:Justin Zobel	The power of a statistical test specifies the sample size required to reliably detect a given true effect. In IR evaluation, the power corresponds to the number of topics that are likely to be sufficient to detect a certain degree of superiority of one system over another. To predict the power of a test, one must estimate the variability of the population being sampled from; here, of between-system score deltas. This paper demonstrates that basing such an estimation either on previous experience or on trial experiments leaves wide margins of error. Iteratively adding more topics to the test set until power is achieved is more efficient; however, we show that it leads to a bias in favour of finding both power and significance. A hybrid methodology is proposed, and the reporting requirements of the experimenter using this methodology are laid out. We also demonstrate that greater statistical power is achieved for the same relevance assessment effort by evaluating a large number of topics shallowly than a small number deeply.	Statistical power in retrieval experimentation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tetsuya Sakai	Test collections are growing larger, and relevance data constructed through pooling are suspected of becoming more and more incomplete and biased. Several studies have used evaluation metrics specifically designed to handle this problem, but most of them have only examined the metrics under incomplete but unbiased conditions, using random samples of the original relevance data. This paper examines nine metrics in a more realistic setting, by reducing the number of pooled systems. Even though previous work has shown that metrics based on a condensed list, obtained by removing all unjudged documents from the original ranked list, are effective for handling very incomplete but unbiased relevance data, we show that these results do not hold in the presence of system bias. In our experiments using TREC and NTCIR data, we first show that condensed-list metrics overestimate new systems while traditional metrics underestimate them, and that the overestimation tends to be larger than the underestimation. We then show that, when relevance data is heavily biased towards a single team or a few teams, the condensed-list versions of Average Precision (AP), Q-measure (Q) and normalised Discounted Cumulative Gain (nDCG), which we call AP', Q' and nDCG', are not necessarily superior to the original metrics in terms of discriminative power, i.e., the overall ability to detect pairwise statistical significance. Nevertheless, even under system bias, AP' and Q' are generally more discriminative than bpref and the condensed-list version of Rank-Biased Precision (RBP), which we call RBP'.	Comparing metrics across TREC and NTCIR: the robustness to system bias	NA	2018
Kenneth A. Kinney:Scott B. Huffman:Juting Zhai	Traditional search evaluation approaches have often relied on domain experts to evaluate results for each query. Unfortunately, the range of topics present in any representative sample of web queries makes it impractical to have expert evaluators for every topic. In this paper, we investigate the effect of using "generalist" evaluators instead of experts in the domain of queries being evaluated. Empirically, we ind that for queries drawn from domains requiring high expertise, (1) generalists tend to give shallow, inaccurate ratings as compared to experts. (2) Further experiments show that generalists disagree on the underlying meaning of these queries significantly more often than experts, and often appear to "give up'' and fall back on surface features such as keyword matching. (3) Finally, by estimating the percentage of "expertise requiring'' queries in a web query sample, we estimate the impact of using generalists, versus the ideal of having domain experts for every "expertise requiring'' query.	How evaluator domain expertise affects search result relevance judgments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Christos Boutsidis:Jimeng Sun:Nikos Anerousis	Motivated by the enormous amounts of data collected in a large IT service provider organization, this paper presents a method for quickly and automatically summarizing and extracting meaningful insights from the data. Termed Clustered Subset Selection (CSS), our method enables program-guided data explorations of high-dimensional data matrices. CSS combines clustering and subset selection into a coherent and intuitive method for data analysis. In addition to a general framework, we introduce a family of CSS algorithms with different clustering components such as k-means and Close-to-Rank-One (CRO) clustering, and Subset Selection components such as best rank-one approximation and Rank-Revealing QR (RRQR) decomposition. From an empirical perspective, we illustrate that CSS is achieving significant improvements over existing Subset Selection methods in terms of approximation errors. Compared to existing Subset Selection techniques, CSS is also able to provide additional insight about clusters and cluster representatives. Finally, we present a case-study of program-guided data explorations using CSS on a large amount of IT service delivery data collection.	Clustered subset selection and its applications on it service metrics	NA:NA:NA	2018
Paolo Boldi:Francesco Bonchi:Carlos Castillo:Debora Donato:Aristides Gionis:Sebastiano Vigna	Query logs record the queries and the actions of the users of search engines, and as such they contain valuable information about the interests, the preferences, and the behavior of the users, as well as their implicit feedback to search engine results. Mining the wealth of information available in the query logs has many important applications including query-log analysis, user profiling and personalization, advertising, query recommendation, and more. In this paper we introduce the query-flow graph, a graph representation of the interesting knowledge about latent querying behavior. Intuitively, in the query-flow graph a directed edge from query qi to query qj means that the two queries are likely to be part of the same "search mission". Any path over the query-flow graph may be seen as a searching behavior, whose likelihood is given by the strength of the edges along the path. The query-flow graph is an outcome of query-log mining and, at the same time, a useful tool for it. We propose a methodology that builds such a graph by mining time and textual information as well as aggregating queries from different users. Using this approach we build a real-world query-flow graph from a large-scale query log and we demonstrate its utility in concrete applications, namely, finding logical sessions, and query recommendation. We believe, however, that the usefulness of the query-flow graph goes beyond these two applications.	The query-flow graph: model and applications	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Arnold P. Boedihardjo:Chang-Tien Lu:Feng Chen	Probability density function estimation is a fundamental component in several stream mining tasks such as outlier detection and classification. The nonparametric adaptive kernel density estimate (AKDE) provides a robust and asymptotically consistent estimate for an arbitrary distribution. However, its extensive computational requirements make it difficult to apply this technique to the stream environment. This paper tackles the issue of developing efficient and asymptotically consistent AKDE over data streams while heeding the stringent constraints imposed by the stream environment. We propose the concept of local regions to effectively synopsize local density features, design a suite of algorithms to maintain the AKDE under a time-based sliding window, and analyze the estimates' asymptotic consistency and computational costs. In addition, extensive experiments were conducted with real-world and synthetic data sets to demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our approach.	A framework for estimating complex probability density structures in data streams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Pinar Donmez:Jaime G. Carbonell	Proactive learning is a generalization of active learning designed to relax unrealistic assumptions and thereby reach practical applications. Active learning seeks to select the most informative unlabeled instances and ask an omniscient oracle for their labels, so as to retrain the learning algorithm maximizing accuracy. However, the oracle is assumed to be infallible (never wrong), indefatigable (always answers), individual (only one oracle), and insensitive to costs (always free or always charges the same). Proactive learning relaxes all four of these assumptions, relying on a decision-theoretic approach to jointly select the optimal oracle and instance, by casting the problem as a utility optimization problem subject to a budget constraint. Results on multi-oracle optimization over several data sets demonstrate the superiority of our approach over the single-imperfect-oracle baselines in most cases.	Proactive learning: cost-sensitive active learning with multiple imperfect oracles	NA:NA	2018
David A. Evans:Jason R. Baron:Chris Buckley:Robert S. Bauer	It is common practice in the U.S. for courts to require that the parties to a legal case make available to one another all material relevant to the case, including electronically held data and documents. For large corporations, such relevant information may encompass terabytes of e-mail and other files spanning many years. The challenge of E-Discovery in response to a court order is (in a relatively short amount of time) to identify, assemble, individuate, access, categorize, and analyze an organization's electronically held material, segregate all "privileged" material (which can be legally withheld), and present to the court all (and only) the required documents. The techniques needed to accomplish such a task necessarily include search, clustering, classification, filtering, social network analysis, extraction, and more - and no one of these is sufficient. The panel will describe this problem in detail, providing additional background and context on E-Discovery generally, and will explore specific techniques and cases that amply demonstrate why E-Discovery is quintessentially a "CIKM" problem -- multi-disciplinary, multi-technology, and "multi-difficult".	E-discovery	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Josep Aguilar-Saborit:Mohammad Jalali:Dave Sharpe:Victor Muntés Mulero	Efficiency of memory-intensive operations is a key factor in obtaining good performance during multi-join query processing. The pipelined execution of these queries forces the operations in the query plan to be processed concurrently. Making a wrong decision regarding the amount of memory allocated for such operations can have a drastic impact on the response time. However, some of the execution algorithms used at run time interrupt the pipelined execution, ensuring that some operations are never executed concurrently. Because of this, it is essential to explore new approaches in order to improve memory exploitation. In this paper, we address the problem of memory allocation for multiple concurrent operations in a query execution plan. First, we study the dynamic needs for memory during the execution time, and define when two operations coexist. Then, we propose a post-optimization phase, which (i) identifies the operations that are concurrently executed at run time and (ii) costs different memory allocation combinations to find a near optimal solution for any type of query execution plan. We have implemented our techniques in the IBM®DB2® Universal Database" (DB2 UDB) showing that they achieve significant execution time improvements compared with previous approaches, especially for multi-join queries accessing large data volumes.	Exploiting pipeline interruptions for efficient memory allocation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marina Barsky:Ulrike Stege:Alex Thomo:Chris Upton	We propose a new method to build persistent suffix trees for indexing the genomic data. Our algorithm DiGeST (Disk-Based Genomic Suffix Tree) improves significantly over previous work in reducing the random access to the input string and performing only two passes over disk data. DiGeST is based on the two-phase multi-way merge sort paradigm using a concise binary representation of the DNA alphabet. Furthermore, our method scales to larger genomic data than managed before.	A new method for indexing genomes using on-disk suffix trees	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vuk Ercegovac:Vanja Josifovski:Ning Li:Mauricio R. Mediano:Eugene J. Shekita	Inverted indexes have become the standard indexing method for supporting search queries in a variety of content-based applications. Examples of such applications include enterprise document management, e-mail, web search, and social networks. One shortcoming in current inverted index designs is that they support only document-level updates, forcing a full document to be reindexed even if just part of it changes. This paper describes a new inverted index design that enables applications to break a document into semantically meaningful sub-documents or "sections". Each section of a document can be updated separately, but search queries can still work seamlessly across sections. Our index design is motivated by applications where there is metadata associated with each document that tends to be smaller and more frequently updated than the document's content, but at the same time, it is desireable to search the metadata and content with the same index structure. A novel self-optimizing query execution algorithm is described to efficiently join the sections of a document in the inverted index. Experimental results on TREC and patent data are provided, showing that sections can dramatically improve overall system throughput on a mixed workload of updates and queries.	Supporting sub-document updates and queries in an inverted index	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wei Dong:Zhe Wang:William Josephson:Moses Charikar:Kai Li	Although Locality-Sensitive Hashing (LSH) is a promising approach to similarity search in high-dimensional spaces, it has not been considered practical partly because its search quality is sensitive to several parameters that are quite data dependent. Previous research on LSH, though obtained interesting asymptotic results, provides little guidance on how these parameters should be chosen, and tuning parameters for a given dataset remains a tedious process. To address this problem, we present a statistical performance model of Multi-probe LSH, a state-of-the-art variance of LSH. Our model can accurately predict the average search quality and latency given a small sample dataset. Apart from automatic parameter tuning with the performance model, we also use the model to devise an adaptive LSH search algorithm to determine the probing parameter dynamically for each query. The adaptive probing method addresses the problem that even though the average performance is tuned for optimal, the variance of the performance is extremely high. We experimented with three different datasets including audio, images and 3D shapes to evaluate our methods. The results show the accuracy of the proposed model: the recall errors predicted are within 5% from the real values for most cases; the adaptive search method reduces the standard deviation of recall by about 50% over the existing method.	Modeling LSH for performance tuning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mingjie Zhu:Shuming Shi:Nenghai Yu:Ji-Rong Wen	Modern web search engines, while indexing billions of web pages, are expected to process queries and return results in a very short time. Many approaches have been proposed for efficiently computing top-k query results, but most of them ignore one key factor in the ranking functions of commercial search engines - term-proximity, which is the metric of the distance between query terms in a document. When term-proximity is included in ranking functions, most of the existing top-k algorithms will become inefficient. To address this problem, in this paper we propose to build a compact phrase index to speed up the search process when incorporating the term-proximity factor. The compact phrase index can help more accurately estimate the score upper bounds of unknown documents. The size of the phrase index is controlled by including a small portion of phrases which are possibly helpful for improving search performance. Phrase index has been used to process phrase queries in existing work. It is, however, to the best of our knowledge, the first time that phrase index is used to improve the performance of generic queries. Experimental results show that, compared with the state-of-the-art top-k computation approaches, our approach can reduce average query processing time to 1/5 for typical setttings.	Can phrase indexing help to process non-phrase queries?	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Julia Luxenburger:Shady Elbassuoni:Gerhard Weikum	Personalization has been deemed one of the major challenges in information retrieval with a significant potential for providing better search experience to individual users. Especially, the need for enhanced user models better capturing elements such as users' goals, tasks, and contexts has been identified. In this paper, we introduce a statistical language model for user tasks representing different granularity levels of a user profile, ranging from very specific search goals to broad topics. We propose a personalization framework that selectively matches the actual user information need with relevant past user tasks, and allows to dynamically switch the course of personalization from re-finding very precise information to biasing results to general user interests. In the extreme, our model is able to detect when the user's search and browse history is not appropriate for aiding the user in satisfying her current information quest. Instead of blindly applying personalization to all user queries, our approach refrains from undue actions in these cases, accounting for the user's desire of discovering new topics, and changing interests over time. The effectiveness of our method is demonstrated by an empirical user study.	Matching task profiles and user needs in personalized web search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rosie Jones:Kristina Lisa Klinkner	Most analysis of web search relevance and performance takes a single query as the unit of search engine interaction. When studies attempt to group queries together by task or session, a timeout is typically used to identify the boundary. However, users query search engines in order to accomplish tasks at a variety of granularities, issuing multiple queries as they attempt to accomplish tasks. In this work we study real sessions manually labeled into hierarchical tasks, and show that timeouts, whatever their length, are of limited utility in identifying task boundaries, achieving a maximum precision of only 70%. We report on properties of this search task hierarchy, as seen in a random sample of user interactions from a major web search engine's log, annotated by human editors, learning that 17% of tasks are interleaved, and 20% are hierarchically organized. No previous work has analyzed or addressed automatic identification of interleaved and hierarchically organized search tasks. We propose and evaluate a method for the automated segmentation of users' query streams into hierarchical units. Our classifiers can improve on timeout segmentation, as well as other previously published approaches, bringing the accuracy up to 92% for identifying fine-grained task boundaries, and 89-97% for identifying pairs of queries from the same task when tasks are interleaved hierarchically. This is the first work to identify, measure and automatically segment sequences of user queries into their hierarchical structure. The ability to perform this kind of segmentation paves the way for evaluating search engines in terms of user task completion.	Beyond the session timeout: automatic hierarchical segmentation of search topics in query logs	NA:NA	2018
Hao Ma:Haixuan Yang:Irwin King:Michael R. Lyu	For a given query raised by a specific user, the Query Suggestion technique aims to recommend relevant queries which potentially suit the information needs of that user. Due to the complexity of the Web structure and the ambiguity of users' inputs, most of the suggestion algorithms suffer from the problem of poor recommendation accuracy. In this paper, aiming at providing semantically relevant queries for users, we develop a novel, effective and efficient two-level query suggestion model by mining clickthrough data, in the form of two bipartite graphs (user-query and query-URL bipartite graphs) extracted from the clickthrough data. Based on this, we first propose a joint matrix factorization method which utilizes two bipartite graphs to learn the low-rank query latent feature space, and then build a query similarity graph based on the features. After that, we design an online ranking algorithm to propagate similarities on the query similarity graph, and finally recommend latent semantically relevant queries to users. Experimental analysis on the clickthrough data of a commercial search engine shows the effectiveness and the efficiency of our method.	Learning latent semantic relations from clickthrough data for query suggestion	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kristen Parton:Kathleen R. McKeown:James Allan:Enrique Henestroza	We consider the problem of translingual information retrieval, where monolingual searchers issue queries in a different language than the document language(s) and the results must be returned in the language they know, the query language. We present a framework for translingual IR that integrates document translation and query translation into the retrieval model. The corpus is represented as an aligned, jointly indexed "pseudo-parallel" corpus, where each document contains the text of the document along with its translation into the query language. The queries are formulated as multilingual structured queries, where each query term and its translations into the document language(s) are treated as synonym sets. This model leverages simultaneous search in multiple languages against jointly indexed documents to improve the accuracy of results over search using document translation or query translation alone. For query translation, we compared a statistical machine translation (SMT) approach to a dictionary-based approach. We found that using a Wikipedia-derived dictionary for named entities combined with an SMT-based dictionary worked better than SMT alone. Simultaneous multilingual search also has other important features suited to translingual search, since it can provide an indication of poor document translation when a match with the source document is found. We show how close integration of CLIR and SMT allows us to improve result translation in addition to IR results.	Simultaneous multilingual search for translingual information retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daqing He:Dan Wu	As an effective technique for improving retrieval effectiveness, relevance feedback (RF) has been widely studied in both monolingual and cross-language information retrieval (CLIR) settings. The studies of RF in CLIR have been focused on query expansion (QE), in which queries are reformulated before and/or after they are translated. However, RF in CLIR actually not only can help select better query terms, but also can enhance query translation by adjusting translation probabilities and even resolve some out-of-vocabulary terms. In this paper, we propose a novel RF method called translation enhancement (TE), which uses the extracted translation relationships from relevant documents to revise the translation probabilities of query terms and to identify extra translation alternatives if available so that the translated queries are more tuned to the current search. We studied TE using pseudo relevance feedback (PRF) and interactive relevance feedback (IRF). Our results show that TE can significantly improve CLIR with both types of RF methods, and that the improvement is comparable to that of QE. More importantly, the effects of TE and QE are complementary. Their integration can produce further improvement, and makes CLIR more robust for a variety of queries.	Translation enhancement: a new relevance feedback method for cross-language information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Eduardo Valle:Matthieu Cord:Sylvie Philipp-Foliguet	In this paper we address the subject of large multimedia database indexing for content-based retrieval. We introduce multicurves, a new scheme for indexing high-dimensional descriptors. This technique, based on the simultaneous use of moderate-dimensional space-filling curves, has as main advantages the ability to handle high-dimensional data (100 dimensions and over), to allow the easy maintenance of the indexes (inclusion and deletion of data), and to adapt well to secondary storage, thus providing scalability to huge databases (millions, or even thousands of millions of descriptors). We use multicurves to perform the approximate k nearest neighbors search with a very good compromise between precision and speed. The evaluation of multicurves, carried out on large databases, demonstrates that the strategy compares well to other up-to-date k nearest neighbor search strategies. We also test multicurves on the real-world application of image identification for cultural institutions. In this application, which requires the fast search of a large amount of local descriptors, multicurves allows a dramatic speed-up in comparison to the brute-force strategy of sequential search, without any noticeable precision loss.	High-dimensional descriptor indexing for large multimedia databases	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yu-En Lu:Pietro Lió:Steven Hand	Random projection (RP) is a common technique for dimensionality reduction under L2 norm for which many significant space embedding results have been demonstrated. However, many similarity search applications often require very low dimension embeddings in order to reduce overhead and boost performance. Inspired by the use of symmetric probability distributions in previous work, we propose a novel RP algorithm, Beta Random Projection, and give its probabilistic analyses based on Beta and Gaussian approximations. We evaluate the algorithm in terms of standard similarity metrics with other RP algorithms as well as the singular value decomposition (SVD). Our experimental results show that BRP preserves both similarity metrics well and, under various dataset types including random point sets, text (TREC5) and images, provides sharper and consistent performance.	On low dimensional random projections and similarity search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hanghang Tong:Yasushi Sakurai:Tina Eliassi-Rad:Christos Faloutsos	Given a collection of complex, time-stamped events, how do we find patterns and anomalies? Events could be meetings with one or more persons and one or more agenda items at zero or more locations (e.g., teleconferences), or they could be publications with authors, keywords, publishers, etc. In such settings, we want to find time stamps that look similar to each other and group them; we also want to find anomalies. In addition, we want our approach to provide interpretations of the clusters and anomalies by annotating them. Furthermore, we want our approach to automatically find the right time-granularity in which to do analysis. Lastly, we want fast, scalable algorithms for all these problems. We address the above challenges through two main ideas. The first (T3) is to turn the problem into a graph analysis problem, by carefully treating each time stamp as a node in a graph. This viewpoint brings to bear the vast machinery of graph analysis methods (PageRank, graph partitioning, proximity analysis, and CenterPiece Subgraphs, to name a few). Thus, T3 can automatically group the time stamps into meaningful clusters and spot anomalies. Moreover, it can select representative events/persons/locations for each cluster and each anomaly, as their interpretations. The second idea (MT3) is to use temporal multi-resolution analysis (e.g., minutes, hours, days). We show that MT3 can quickly derive results from finer-to-coarser resolutions, achieving up to 2 orders of magnitude speedups. We verify the effectiveness as well as efficiency of T3 and MT3 on several real datasets.	Fast mining of complex time-stamped events	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Darcy A. Davis:Nitesh V. Chawla:Nicholas Blumm:Nicholas Christakis:Albert-László Barabasi	The monumental cost of health care, especially for chronic disease treatment, is quickly becoming unmanageable. This crisis has motivated the drive towards preventative medicine, where the primary concern is recognizing disease risk and taking action at the earliest signs. However, universal testing is neither time nor cost efficient. We propose CARE, a Collaborative Assessment and Recommendation Engine, which relies only on a patient's medical history using ICD-9-CM codes in order to predict future diseases risks. CARE uses collaborative filtering to predict each patient's greatest disease risks based on their own medical history and that of similar patients. We also describe an Iterative version, ICARE, which incorporates ensemble concepts for improved performance. These novel systems require no specialized information and provide predictions for medical conditions of all kinds in a single run. We present experimental results on a Medicare dataset, demonstrating that CARE and ICARE perform well at capturing future disease risks.	Predicting individual disease risk based on medical history	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Malika Mahoui:William John Teahan:Arvind Kumar Thirumalaiswamy Sekhar:Satyasaibabu Chilukuri	In this paper, we describe the utilization of text encoding and prediction by partial matching language modeling to identify gene functions within abstracts of biomedical papers. The National Center for Biotechnology Information has "GeneRIF" - a collection of the best possible functional representations for a subset of abstracts from PubMed. We use GeneRIF to test the efficiency of our technique. We discuss the methodology adopted to construct models necessary to enable the Text Mining Toolkit to distinguish between gene functions and the rest of the abstract (non gene functions). We also describe the similarity based approach we deploy on the list of automatically annotated functions to generate the most likely gene function representative of the paper. The results indicate that our combined approach to identify gene functions in scientific abstracts performs very well on both precision and recall, and therefore presents exciting opportunities for use in extracting other entities embedded in scientific text.	Identification of gene function using prediction by partial matching (PPM) language models	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Philon Nguyen:Nematollaah Shiri	There has been increasing interest for efficient techniques for fast correlation analysis of time series data in different application domains. We present three algorithms for (1) bivariate correlation queries, (2) multivariate correlation queries, and (3) correlation queries based on a new correlation measure we introduce using dynamic time warping. To support these algorithms, we use a variant of the Compact Multi-Resolution Index (CMRI). In addition to conventional nearest neighbor and range queries supported by CMRI, the proposed algorithms compute all answers to user-defined, ad hoc and parametric correlation queries. The results of our experiments indicate a speed-up of two orders of magnitude over the brute force algorithm, and an order of magnitude improvement on average, while offering more functionalities than provided by existing techniques such as StatStream and the Spatial Cone Tree.	Fast correlation analysis on time series datasets	NA:NA	2018
Rodolfo Stecher:Claudia Niederée:Wolfgang Nejdl	We present a flexible information integration approach which addresses the dynamic integration needs in a personal desktop environment where only partial mappings are defined between the sources to be integrated. Our approach is based on query rewriting using substitution rules. In addition to exploiting defined mappings, we employ substitution strategies, which are inspired by the idea of using wildcards in querying and filtering tasks. Starting from a triple based query language as used for querying RDF data, unmapped ontological elements are substituted in a controlled way with variables, leading to a controlled form of query relaxation. In addition, the approach also provides evidences for refining the existing mapping based on the results of executing the relaxed queries. Different strategies for replacing non-matched ontology elements with variables are presented and evaluated over real-world data sets.	Wildcards for lightweight information integration in virtual desktops	NA:NA:NA	2018
Simona Colucci:Eugenio Di Sciascio:Francesco M. Donini:Eufemia Tinelli	The problem of finding commonalities characterizes several Knowledge Management scenarios involving collection of resources. The automatic extraction of shared features in a collection of resource descriptions formalized in accordance with a logic language has been in fact widely investigated in the past. In particular, with reference to Description Logics concept descriptions, Least Common Subsumers have been specifically introduced. Nevertheless, such studies focused on identifying features shared by the whole collection. The paper proposes instead novel reasoning services in Description Logics, aimed at identifying commonalities in a significant portion of the collection, rather than in the collection as a whole. In particular, common subsumers adding informative content to the one provided by the Least Common Subsumer are here investigated. The new services are useful in all scenarios where features are not required to be fully shared, like the one motivating our research: Core Competence extraction in knowledge intensive companies.	Finding informative commonalities in concept collections	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Masahiro Ito:Kotaro Nakayama:Takahiro Hara:Shojiro Nishio	Wikipedia, a huge scale Web based encyclopedia, attracts great attention as an invaluable corpus for knowledge extraction because it has various impressive characteristics such as a huge number of articles, live updates, a dense link structure, brief anchor texts and URL identification for concepts. We have already proved that we can use Wikipedia to construct a huge scale accurate association thesaurus. The association thesaurus we constructed covers almost 1.3 million concepts and its accuracy is proved in detailed experiments. However, we still need scalable methods to analyze the huge number of Web pages and hyperlinks among articles in the Web based encyclopedia. In this paper, we propose a scalable method for constructing an association thesaurus from Wikipedia based on link co-occurrences. Link co-occurrence analysis is more scalable than link structure analysis because it is a one-pass process. We also propose integration method of tfidf and link co-occurrence analysis. Experimental results show that both our proposed methods are more accurate and scalable than conventional methods. Furthermore, the integration of tfidf achieved higher accuracy than using only link co-occurrences.	Association thesaurus construction methods based on link co-occurrence analysis for wikipedia	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christian Hütter:Conny Kühne:Klemens Böhm	Creating and maintaining semantic structures such as ontologies on a large scale is a labor-intensive task, which a sole individual cannot perform. Established automated solutions for this task do not yet exist. Peer production is a promising approach to create structured knowledge: Members of an online community create and maintain semantic structures collaboratively. To motivate members to participate and to ensure the quality of the data, rating-based incentive mechanisms are promising. Members mutually rate the quality of their contributions and are rewarded for good contributions and truthful ratings. Until now, there has been no systematic evaluation of such rating mechanisms in the context of structured knowledge. We have developed a platform for the collaborative creation of semantic structures. To evaluate the effect of ratings and incentive mechanisms on the quality of peer-produced data, we have conducted an extensive empirical study in an online community. We show that ratings are a reliable measure of the quality of contributions by comparing user ratings with an ex post evaluation by experts. Further experimental results are that incentive mechanisms increase the quality of contributions. We conclude that ratings and incentive mechanisms are promising to foster and improve the peer production of structured knowledge.	Peer production of structured knowledge -: an empirical study of ratings and incentive mechanisms	NA:NA:NA	2018
Venkatesan T. Chakaravarthy:Himanshu Gupta:Prasan Roy:Mukesh K. Mohania	Sanitization of a document involves removing sensitive information from the document, so that it may be distributed to a broader audience. Such sanitization is needed while declassifying documents involving sensitive or confidential information such as corporate emails, intelligence reports, medical records, etc. In this paper, we present the ERASE framework for performing document sanitization in an automated manner. ERASE can be used to sanitize a document dynamically, so that different users get different views of the same document based on what they are authorized to know. We formalize the problem and present algorithms used in ERASE for finding the appropriate terms to remove from the document. Our preliminary experimental study demonstrates the efficiency and efficacy of the proposed algorithms.	Efficient techniques for document sanitization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rosie Jones:Ravi Kumar:Bo Pang:Andrew Tomkins	A recently proposed approach to address privacy concerns in storing web search querylogs is bundling logs of multiple users together. In this work we investigate privacy leaks that are possible even when querylogs from multiple users are bundled together, without any user or session identifiers. We begin by quantifying users' propensity to issue own-name vanity queries and geographically revealing queries. We show that these propensities interact badly with two forms of vulnerabilities in the bundling scheme. First, structural vulnerabilities arise due to properties of the heavy tail of the user search frequency distribution, or the distribution of locations that appear within a user's queries. These heavy tails may cause a user to appear visibly different from other users in the same bundle. Second, we demonstrate analytical vulnerabilities based on the ability to separate the queries in a bundle into threads corresponding to individual users. These vulnerabilities raise privacy issues suggesting that bundling must be handled with great care.	Vanity fair: privacy in querylog bundles	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Haixun Wang:Jian Yin:Chang-shing Perng:Philip S. Yu	In database outsourcing, an enterprise contracts its database management tasks to an outside database service provider to eliminate in-house hardware, software, and expertise needs for running DBMSs. This is attractive especially for the parties with limited abilities in managing their own data. Typically, the client applications want to obtain quality assurance (e.g., data authenticity and query completeness) of the outsourced database service at a low cost. Previous work on database outsourcing has focused on issues such as communication overhead, secure data access, and data privacy. Recent work has introduced the issue of query integrity assurance, but usually, to obtain such assurance incurs a high cost. In this paper, we present a new method called dual encryption to provide low-cost query integrity assurance for outsourced database services. Dual encryption enables "cross examination" of the outsourced data, which consists of the original data stored under a certain encryption scheme, and another small percentage of the original data stored under a different encryption scheme. We generate queries against the additional piece of data and analyze their results to obtain integrity assurance. Our scheme is provable secure, that is, it is impossible to break our scheme unless some security primitives can be broken. Experiments on commercial workloads show the effectiveness of our approach.	Dual encryption for query integrity assurance	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ahmed A. Ataullah:Ashraf Aboulnaga:Frank Wm. Tompa	The recent introduction of several pieces of legislation mandating minimum and maximum retention periods for corporate records has prompted the Enterprise Content Management (ECM) community to develop various records retention solutions. Records retention is a significant subfield of records management, and legal records retention requirements apply over corporate records regardless of their shape or form. Unfortunately, the scope of existing solutions has been largely limited to proper identification, classification and retention of documents, and not of data more generally. In this paper we address the problem of managed records retention in the context of relational database systems. The problem is significantly more challenging than it is for documents for several reasons. Foremost, there is no clear definition of what constitutes a business record in relational databases; it could be an entire table, a tuple, part of a tuple, or parts of several tuples from multiple tables. There are also no standardized mechanisms for purging, anonymizing and protecting relational records. Functional dependencies, user defined constraints, and side effects caused by triggers make it even harder to guarantee that any given record will actually be protected when it needs to be protected or expunged when the necessary conditions are met. Most importantly, relational tuples may be organized such that one piece of data may be part of various legal records and subject to several (possibly conflicting) retention policies. We address the above problems and present a complete solution for designing, managing, and enforcing records retention policies in relational database systems. We experimentally demonstrate that the proposed framework can guarantee compliance with a broad range of retention policies on an off-the-shelf system without incurring a significant performance overhead for policy monitoring and enforcement.	Records retention in relational database systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lisa Friedland:James Allan	In a corpus of jokes, a human might judge two documents to be the "same joke" even if characters, locations, and other details are varied. A given joke could be retold with an entirely different vocabulary while still maintaining its identity. Since most retrieval systems consider documents to be related only when their word content is similar, we propose joke retrieval as a domain where standard language models may fail. Other meaning-centric domains include logic puzzles, proverbs and recipes; in such domains, new techniques may be required to enable us to search effectively. For jokes, a necessary component of any retrieval system will be the ability to identify the "same joke," so we examine this task in both ranking and classification settings. We exploit the structure of jokes to develop two domain-specific alternatives to the "bag of words" document model. In one, only the punch lines, or final sentences, are compared; in the second, certain categories of words (e.g., professions and countries) are tagged and treated as interchangeable. Each technique works well for certain jokes. By combining the methods using machine learning, we create a hybrid that achieves higher performance than any individual approach.	Joke retrieval: recognizing the same joke told differently	NA:NA	2018
Jeremy Pickens:Gene Golovchinsky	We introduce the Ranked Feature Fusion framework for information retrieval system design. Typical information retrieval formalisms such as the vector space model, the best-match model and the language model first combine features (such as term frequency and document length) into a unified representation, and then use the representation to rank documents. We take the opposite approach: Documents are first ranked by the relevance of a single feature value and are assigned scores based on their relative ordering within the collection. A separate ranked list is created for every feature value and these lists are then fused to produce a final document scoring. This new "rank then combine" approach is extensively evaluated and is shown to be as effective as traditional "combine then rank" approaches. The model is easy to understand and contains fewer parameters than other approaches. Finally, the model is easy to extend (integration of new features is trivial) and modify. This advantage includes but is not limited to relevance feedback and distribution flattening.	Ranked feature fusion models for ad hoc retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Jin Zhang:Xueqi Cheng:Gaowei Wu:Hongbo Xu	Topic representation mismatch is a key problem in topic-oriented summarization for the specified topic is usually too short to understand/interpret. This paper proposes a novel adaptive model for summarization, AdaSum, under the assumption that the summary and the topic representation can be mutually boosted. AdaSum aims to simultaneously optimize the topic representation and extract effective summaries. This model employs a mutual boosting process to minimize the topic representation mismatch for base summarizers. Furthermore, a linear combination of base summarizers is proposed to further reduce the topic representation mismatch from the diversity of base summarizers with a general learning framework. We prove that the training process of AdaSum can enhance the performance measure used. Experimental results on DUC 2007 dataset show that AdaSum significantly outperforms the baseline methods for summarization (e.g. MRP, LexRank, and GSPS).	AdaSum: an adaptive model for summarization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Deng Cai:Qiaozhu Mei:Jiawei Han:Chengxiang Zhai	Topic modeling has been a key problem for document analysis. One of the canonical approaches for topic modeling is Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing, which maximizes the joint probability of documents and terms in the corpus. The major disadvantage of PLSI is that it estimates the probability distribution of each document on the hidden topics independently and the number of parameters in the model grows linearly with the size of the corpus, which leads to serious problems with overfitting. Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) is proposed to overcome this problem by treating the probability distribution of each document over topics as a hidden random variable. Both of these two methods discover the hidden topics in the Euclidean space. However, there is no convincing evidence that the document space is Euclidean, or flat. Therefore, it is more natural and reasonable to assume that the document space is a manifold, either linear or nonlinear. In this paper, we consider the problem of topic modeling on intrinsic document manifold. Specifically, we propose a novel algorithm called Laplacian Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing (LapPLSI) for topic modeling. LapPLSI models the document space as a submanifold embedded in the ambient space and directly performs the topic modeling on this document manifold in question. We compare the proposed LapPLSI approach with PLSI and LDA on three text data sets. Experimental results show that LapPLSI provides better representation in the sense of semantic structure.	Modeling hidden topics on document manifold	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jinwen Guo:Shengliang Xu:Shenghua Bao:Yong Yu	The rapidly increasing popularity of community-based Question Answering (cQA) services, e.g. Yahoo! Answers, Baidu Zhidao, etc. have attracted great attention from both academia and industry. Besides the basic problems, like question searching and answer finding, it should be noted that the low participation rate of users in cQA service is the crucial problem which limits its development potential. In this paper, we focus on addressing this problem by recommending answer providers, in which a question is given as a query and a ranked list of users is returned according to the likelihood of answering the question. Based on the intuitive idea for recommendation, we try to introduce topic-level model to improve heuristic term-level methods, which are treated as the baselines. The proposed approach consists of two steps: (1) discovering latent topics in the content of questions and answers as well as latent interests of users to build user profiles; (2) recommending question answerers for new arrival questions based on latent topics and term-level model. Specifically, we develop a general generative model for questions and answers in cQA, which is then altered to obtain a novel computationally tractable Bayesian network model. Experiments are carried out on a real-world data crawled from Yahoo! Answers during Jun 12 2007 to Aug 04 2007, which consists of 118510 questions, 772962 answers and 150324 users. The experimental results reveal significant improvements over the baseline methods and validate the positive influence of topic-level information.	Tapping on the potential of q&a community by recommending answer providers	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Ma:Haixuan Yang:Michael R. Lyu:Irwin King	Data sparsity, scalability and prediction quality have been recognized as the three most crucial challenges that every collaborative filtering algorithm or recommender system confronts. Many existing approaches to recommender systems can neither handle very large datasets nor easily deal with users who have made very few ratings or even none at all. Moreover, traditional recommender systems assume that all the users are independent and identically distributed; this assumption ignores the social interactions or connections among users. In view of the exponential growth of information generated by online social networks, social network analysis is becoming important for many Web applications. Following the intuition that a person's social network will affect personal behaviors on the Web, this paper proposes a factor analysis approach based on probabilistic matrix factorization to solve the data sparsity and poor prediction accuracy problems by employing both users' social network information and rating records. The complexity analysis indicates that our approach can be applied to very large datasets since it scales linearly with the number of observations, while the experimental results shows that our method performs much better than the state-of-the-art approaches, especially in the circumstance that users have made few or no ratings.	SoRec: social recommendation using probabilistic matrix factorization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yun Chi:Shenghuo Zhu:Yihong Gong:Yi Zhang	Multiple-dimensional, i.e., polyadic, data exist in many applications, such as personalized recommendation and multiple-dimensional data summarization. Analyzing all the dimensions of polyadic data in a principled way is a challenging research problem. Most existing methods separately analyze the marginal relationships among pairwise dimensions and then combine the results afterwards. Motivated by the fact that various dimensions of polyadic data jointly affect each other, we propose a probabilistic polyadic factorization approach to directly model all the dimensions simultaneously in a unified framework. We then show the connection between the probabilistic polyadic factorization and a non-negative version of the Tucker tensor factorization. We provide detailed theoretical analysis of the new modeling framework, discuss implementation techniques for our models, and propose several extensions to the basic framework. We then apply the proposed models to the application of personalized recommendation. Extensive experiments on a social bookmarking dataset, Delicious, and a paper citation dataset, CiteSeer, demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed models.	Probabilistic polyadic factorization and its application to personalized recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Derry Tanti Wijaya:Stéphane Bressan	Although PageRank has been designed to estimate the popularity of Web pages, it is a general algorithm that can be applied to the analysis of other graphs other than one of hypertext documents. In this paper, we explore its application to sentiment analysis and opinion mining: i.e. the ranking of items based on user textual reviews. We first propose various techniques using collocation and pivot words to extract a weighted graph of terms from user reviews and to account for positive and negative opinions. We refer to this graph as the sentiment graph. Using PageRank and a very small set of adjectives (such as 'good', 'excellent', etc.) we rank the different items. We illustrate and evaluate our approach using reviews of box office movies by users of a popular movie review site. The results show that our approach is very effective and that the ranking it computes is comparable to the ranking obtained from the box office figures. The results also show that our approach is able to compute context-dependent ratings.	A random walk on the red carpet: rating movies with user reviews and pagerank	NA:NA	2018
Xiang Zhang:Feng Pan:Wei Wang	Finding latent patterns in high dimensional data is an important research problem with numerous applications. The most well known approaches for high dimensional data analysis are feature selection and dimensionality reduction. Being widely used in many applications, these methods aim to capture global patterns and are typically performed in the full feature space. In many emerging applications, however, scientists are interested in the local latent patterns held by feature subspaces, which may be invisible via any global transformation. In this paper, we investigate the problem of finding strong linear and nonlinear correlations hidden in feature subspaces of high dimensional data. We formalize this problem as identifying reducible subspaces in the full dimensional space. Intuitively, a reducible subspace is a feature subspace whose intrinsic dimensionality is smaller than the number of features. We present an effective algorithm, REDUS, for finding the reducible subspaces. Two key components of our algorithm are finding the overall reducible subspace, and uncovering the individual reducible subspaces from the overall reducible subspace. A broad experimental evaluation demonstrates the effectiveness of our algorithm.	REDUS: finding reducible subspaces in high dimensional data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Elsa Loekito:James Bailey	Contrast data mining is a key tool for finding differences between sets of objects, or classes, and contrast patterns are a popular method for discrimination between two classes. However, such patterns can be limited in two primary ways: i) They do not readily allow second order differentiation - i.e. discovering contrasts of contrasts, ii) Mining contrast patterns often results in an overwhelming volume of output for the user. To address these limitations, this paper proposes a method which can identify contrast behaviour across both classes and also groups of classes. Furthermore, to increase interpretability for the user, it presents a new technique for finding the attributes which represent the key underlying factors behind the contrast behaviour. The associated mining task is computationally challenging and we describe an efficient algorithm to handle it, based on binary decision diagrams. Experimental results demonstrate that our technique can efficiently identify and explain contrast behaviour which would be difficult or impossible to isolate using standard techniques.	Mining influential attributes that capture class and group contrast behaviour	NA:NA	2018
Ying Liu:Lucian V. Lita:R. Stefan Niculescu:Kun Bai:Prasenjit Mitra:C. Lee Giles	Due to the continuous and rampant increase in the size of domain specific data sources, there is a real and sustained need for fast processing in time-sensitive applications, such as medical record information extraction at the point of care, genetic feature extraction for personalized treatment, as well as off-line knowledge discovery such as creating evidence based medicine. Since parallel multi-string matching is at the core of most data mining tasks in these applications, faster on-line matching in static and streaming data is needed to improve the overall efficiency of such knowledge discovery. To solve this data mining need not efficiently handled by traditional information extraction and retrieval techniques, we propose a Block Suffix Shifting-based approach, which is an improvement over the state of the art multi-string matching algorithms such as Aho-Corasick, Commentz-Walter, and Wu-Manber. The strength of our approach is its ability to exploit the different block structures of domain specific data for off-line and online parallel matching. Experiments on several real world datasets show how our approach translates into significant performance improvements.	Real-time data pre-processing technique for efficient feature extraction in large scale datasets	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongliang Fei:Jun Huan	With the development of highly efficient graph data collection technology in many application fields, classification of graph data emerges as an important topic in the data mining and machine learning community. Towards building highly accurate classification models for graph data, here we present an efficient graph feature selection method. In our method, we use frequent subgraphs as features for graph classification. Different from existing methods, we consider the spatial distribution of the subgraph features in the graph data and select those ones that have consistent spatial location. We have applied our feature selection methods to several cheminformatics benchmarks. Our method demonstrates a significant improvement of prediction as compared to the state-of-the-art methods.	Structure feature selection for graph classification	NA:NA	2018
David A. Evans:Susan Feldman:Ed H. Chi:Nataša Milic-Frayling:Igor Perisic	Social networking promises individuals new dimensions of freedom to interact, associate, and give expression to their talents. Recently, systems such as Mechanical Turk have started to facilitate self-organizing collaboration on work-related tasks. Such developments raise interesting questions. Is it possible to create (and sustain) businesses that do not have traditional, formal structure - without traditional "employees"? Can we find and organize (and optimize) talent on the web for task-oriented work - spontaneously and efficiently? How do people relate to one another in possibly evanescent workgroups? One aspect of the challenge in the Social Workspace is understanding and modeling the user behavior and the economic basis for creating, preserving, and exchanging value in the marketplace when workgroup identity, orientations to property, recruiting and managing appropriate talent are not organized under traditional company structures. Another aspect is the technology needed to support virtual organizations and work. The panel will discuss trends in social work and the evolving (scientific) basis of our understanding of new models of workers and organizations.	The social (open) workspace	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
W. Bruce Croft	Search applications have become ubiquitous and very successful. Major advances have been made in understanding how to deliver effective results very efficiently for a class of queries. As the range of applications broaden to include web search, desktop search, enterprise search, vertical search, social search, etc., the number of new research challenges has appeared to grow rather than shrink. Many of these challenges are variations on underlying themes and principles that information retrieval has focused on for more than 40 years. In this talk, several unsolved problems arising from new search applications will be discussed and some potential paths to solutions for these problems will be outlined.	Unsolved problems in search: (and how we approach them)	NA	2018
Andrei Broder:Massimiliano Ciaramita:Marcus Fontoura:Evgeniy Gabrilovich:Vanja Josifovski:Donald Metzler:Vanessa Murdock:Vassilis Plachouras	Web textual advertising can be interpreted as a search problem over the corpus of ads available for display in a particular context. In contrast to conventional information retrieval systems, which always return results if the corpus contains any documents lexically related to the query, in Web advertising it is acceptable, and occasionally even desirable, not to show any results. When no ads are relevant to the user's interests, then showing irrelevant ads should be avoided since they annoy the user and produce no economic benefit. In this paper we pose a decision problem "whether to swing", that is, whether or not to show any of the ads for the incoming request. We propose two methods for addressing this problem, a simple thresholding approach and a machine learning approach, which collectively analyzes the set of candidate ads augmented with external knowledge. Our experimental evaluation, based on over 28,000 editorial judgments, shows that we are able to predict, with high accuracy, when to "swing" for both content match and sponsored search advertising.	To swing or not to swing: learning when (not) to advertise	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrei Z. Broder:Peter Ciccolo:Marcus Fontoura:Evgeniy Gabrilovich:Vanja Josifovski:Lance Riedel	The business of Web search, a $10 billion industry, relies heavily on sponsored search, whereas a few carefully-selected paid advertisements are displayed alongside algorithmic search results. A key technical challenge in sponsored search is to select ads that are relevant for the user's query. Identifying relevant ads is challenging because queries are usually very short, and because users, consciously or not, choose terms intended to lead to optimal Web search results and not to optimal ads. Furthermore, the ads themselves are short and usually formulated to capture the reader's attention rather than to facilitate query matching. Traditionally, matching of ads to queries employed standard information retrieval techniques using the bag of words approach. Here we propose to go beyond the bag of words, and augment both queries and ads with additional knowledge-rich features. We use Web search results initially returned for the query to create a pool of relevant documents. Classifying these documents with respect to an external taxonomy and identifying salient named entities give rise to two new feature types. Empirical evaluation based on over 9,000 query-ad pairwise judgments confirms that using augmented queries produces highly relevant ads. Our methodology also relaxes the requirement for each ad to explicitly specify the exhaustive list of queries ("bid phrases") that can trigger it.	Search advertising using web relevance feedback	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuefeng Li:Xujuan Zhou:Peter Bruza:Yue Xu:Raymond Y.K. Lau	Mismatch and overload are the two fundamental issues regarding the effectiveness of information filtering. Both term-based and pattern (phrase) based approaches have been employed to address these issues. However, they all suffer from some limitations with regard to effectiveness. This paper proposes a novel solution that includes two stages: an initial topic filtering stage followed by a stage involving pattern taxonomy mining. The objective of the first stage is to address mismatch by quickly filtering out probable irrelevant documents. The threshold used in the first stage is motivated theoretically. The objective of the second stage is to address overload by apply pattern mining techniques to rationalize the data relevance of the reduced document set after the first stage. Substantial experiments on RCV1 show that the proposed solution achieves encouraging performance.	A two-stage text mining model for information filtering	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Canhui Wang:Min Zhang:Liyun Ru:Shaoping Ma	News topics, which are constructed from news stories using the techniques of Topic Detection and Tracking (TDT), bring convenience to users who intend to see what is going on through the Internet. However, it is almost impossible to view all the generated topics, because of the large amount. So it will be helpful if all topics are ranked and the top ones, which are both timely and important, can be viewed with high priority. Generally, topic ranking is determined by two primary factors. One is how frequently and recently a topic is reported by the media; the other is how much attention users pay to it. Both media focus and user attention varies as time goes on, so the effect of time on topic ranking has already been included. However, inconsistency exists between both factors. In this paper, an automatic online news topic ranking algorithm is proposed based on inconsistency analysis between media focus and user attention. News stories are organized into topics, which are ranked in terms of both media focus and user attention. Experiments performed on practical Web datasets show that the topic ranking result reflects the influence of time, the media and users. The main contributions of this paper are as follows. First, we present the quantitative measure of the inconsistency between media focus and user attention, which provides a basis for topic ranking and an experimental evidence to show that there is a gap between what the media provide and what users view. Second, to the best of our knowledge, it is the first attempt to synthesize the two factors into one algorithm for automatic online topic ranking.	Automatic online news topic ranking using media focus and user attention based on aging theory	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Craig Macdonald:Iadh Ounis	Searchers on the blogosphere often have a need to identify other key bloggers with similar interests to their own. However, a main difference of this blog distillation task from normal adhoc or Web document retrieval is that each blog can be seen as an aggregate of its constituent posts. On the other hand, we show that the task is similar to the expert search task, where a person's expertise is derived from the aggregate of their publications or emails. In this paper, we investigate several aspects of blog retrieval: Firstly, we experiment whether a blog should be represented as a whole unit, or as by considering each of its posts as indicators of its relevance, showing that expert search techniques can be adapted for blog search; Secondly, we examine whether indexing only the XML feed provided by each blog (and which is often incomplete) is sufficient, or whether the full-text of each blog post should be downloaded; Lastly, we use approaches to detect the central or recurring interests of each blog to increase the retrieval effectiveness of the system. Using the TREC 2007 Blog dataset, the results show that our proposed expert search paradigm is indeed useful in identifying key bloggers, achieving high retrieval effectiveness.	Key blog distillation: ranking aggregates	NA:NA	2018
Jangwon Seo:W. Bruce Croft	A blog site consists of many individual blog postings. Current blog search services focus on retrieving postings but there is also a need to identify relevant blog sites. Blog site search is similar to resource selection in distributed information retrieval, in that the target is to find relevant collections of documents. We introduce resource selection techniques for blog site search and evaluate their performance. Further, we propose a "diversity factor" that measures the topic diversity of each blog site. Our results show that the appropriate combination of the resource selection techniques and the diversity factor can achieve significant improvements in retrieval performance compared to baselines. We also report results using these techniques on the TREC blog distillation task.	Blog site search using resource selection	NA:NA	2018
Ben He:Craig Macdonald:Jiyin He:Iadh Ounis	Finding opinionated blog posts is still an open problem in information retrieval, as exemplified by the recent TREC blog tracks. Most of the current solutions involve the use of external resources and manual efforts in identifying subjective features. In this paper, we propose a novel and effective dictionary-based statistical approach, which automatically derives evidence for subjectivity from the blog collection itself, without requiring any manual effort. Our experiments show that the proposed approach is capable of achieving remarkable and statistically significant improvements over robust baselines, including the best TREC baseline run. In addition, with relatively little computational costs, our proposed approach provides an effective performance in retrieving opinionated blog posts, which is as good as a computationally expensive approach using Natural Language Processing techniques.	An effective statistical approach to blog post opinion retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chuan Duan:Jane Cleland-Huang:Bamshad Mobasher	Managing large-scale software projects involves a number of activities such as viewpoint extraction, feature detection, and requirements management, all of which require a human analyst to perform the arduous task of organizing requirements into meaningful topics and themes. Automating these tasks through the use of data mining techniques such as clustering could potentially increase both the efficiency of performing the tasks and the reliability of the results. Unfortunately, the unique characteristics of this domain, such as high dimensional, sparse, noisy data sets, resulting from short and ambiguous expressions of need, as well as the need for the interactive engagement of stakeholders at various stages of the process, present difficult challenges for standard clustering algorithms. In this paper, we propose a semi-supervised clustering framework, based on a combination of consensus-based and constrained clustering techniques, which can effectively handle these challenges. Specifically, we provide a probabilistic analysis for informative constraint generation based on a co-association matrix, and utilize consensus clustering to combine multiple constrained partitions in order to generate high-quality, robust clusters. Our approach is validated through a series of experiments on six well-studied TREC data sets and on two sets of user requirements.	A consensus based approach to constrained clustering of software requirements	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ron Bekkerman:Martin Scholz	The enormous amount and dimensionality of data processed by modern data mining tools require effective, scalable unsupervised learning techniques. Unfortunately, the majority of previously proposed clustering algorithms are either effective or scalable. This paper is concerned with information-theoretic clustering (ITC) that has historically been considered the state-of-the-art in clustering multi-dimensional data. Most existing ITC methods are computationally expensive and not easily scalable. Those few ITC methods that scale well (using, e.g., parallelization) are often outperformed by the others, of an inherently sequential nature. First, we justify this observation theoretically. We then propose data weaving - a novel method for parallelizing sequential clustering algorithms. Data weaving is intrinsically multi-modal - it allows simultaneous clustering of a few types of data (modalities). Finally, we use data weaving to parallelize multi-modal ITC, which results in proposing a powerful DataLoom algorithm. In our experimentation with small datasets, DataLoom shows practically identical performance compared to expensive sequential alternatives. On large datasets, however, DataLoom demonstrates significant gains over other parallel clustering methods. To illustrate the scalability, we simultaneously clustered rows and columns of a contingency table with over 120 billion entries.	Data weaving: scaling up the state-of-the-art in data clustering	NA:NA	2018
Ira Assent:Ralph Krieger:Emmanuel Müller:Thomas Seidl	Subspace clustering mines clusters hidden in subspaces of high-dimensional data sets. Density-based approaches have been shown to successfully mine clusters of arbitrary shape even in the presence of noise in full space clustering. Exhaustive search of all density-based subspace clusters, however, results in infeasible runtimes for large high-dimensional data sets. This is due to the exponential number of possible subspace projections in addition to the high computational cost of density-based clustering. In this paper, we propose lossless efficient detection of density-based subspace clusters. In our EDSC (efficient density-based subspace clustering) algorithm we reduce the high computational cost of density-based subspace clustering by a complete multistep filter-and-refine algorithm. Our first hypercube filter step avoids exhaustive search of all regions in all subspaces by enclosing potentially density-based clusters in hypercubes. Our second filter step provides additional pruning based on a density monotonicity property. In the final refinement step, the exact unbiased density-based subspace clustering result is detected. As we prove that pruning is lossless in both filter steps, we guarantee completeness of the result. In thorough experiments on synthetic and real world data sets, we demonstrate substantial efficiency gains. Our lossless EDSC approach outperforms existing density-based subspace clustering algorithms by orders of magnitude.	EDSC: efficient density-based subspace clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Faris Alqadah:Raj Bhatnagar	Conventional clustering algorithms group similar data points together along one dimension of a data table. Bi-clustering simultaneously clusters both dimensions of a data table. 3-clustering goes one step further and aims to concurrently cluster two data tables that share a common set of row labels, but whose column labels are distinct. Such clusters reveal the underlying connections between the elements of all three sets. We present a novel algorithm that discovers 3-clusters across vertically partitioned data. Our approach presents two new and important formulations: first we introduce the notion of a 3-cluster in partitioned data; and second we present a mathematical formulation that measures the quality of such clusters. Our algorithm discovers high quality, arbitrarily positioned, overlapping clusters, and is efficient in time. These results are exhibited in a comprehensive study on real datasets.	An effective algorithm for mining 3-clusters in vertically partitioned data	NA:NA	2018
Maryam Karimzadehgan:ChengXiang Zhai:Geneva Belford	Review assignment is a common task that many people such as conference organizers, journal editors, and grant administrators would have to do routinely. As a computational problem, it involves matching a set of candidate reviewers with a paper or proposal to be reviewed. A common deficiency of all existing work on solving this problem is that they do not consider the multiple aspects of topics or expertise and all match the entire document to be reviewed with the overall expertise of a reviewer. As a result, if a document contains multiple subtopics, which often happens, existing methods would not attempt to assign reviewers to cover all the subtopics; instead, it is quite possible that all the assigned reviewers would cover the major subtopic quite well, but not covering any other subtopic. In this paper, we study how to model multiple aspects of expertise and assign reviewers so that they together can cover all subtopics in the document well. We propose three general strategies for solving this problem and propose new evaluation measures for this task. We also create a multi-aspect review assignment test set using ACM SIGIR publications. Experiment results on this data set show that the proposed methods are effective for assigning reviewers to cover all topical aspects of a document.	Multi-aspect expertise matching for review assignment	NA:NA:NA	2018
Barbara Poblete:Carlos Castillo:Aristides Gionis	We introduce a unified graph representation of the Web, which includes both structural and usage information. We model this graph using a simple union of the Web's hyperlink and click graphs. The hyperlink graph expresses link structure among Web pages, while the click graph is a bipartite graph of queries and documents denoting users' searching behavior extracted from a search engine's query log. Our most important motivation is to model in a unified way the two main activities of users on the Web: searching and browsing, and at the same time to analyze the effects of random walks on this new graph. The intuition behind this task is to measure how the combination of link structure and usage data provide additional information to that contained in these structures independently. Our experimental results show that both hyperlink and click graphs have strengths and weaknesses when it comes to using their stationary distribution scores for ranking Web pages. Furthermore, our evaluation indicates that the unified graph always generates consistent and robust scores that follow closely the best result obtained from either individual graph, even when applied to "noisy" data. It is our belief that the unified Web graph has several useful properties for improving current Web document ranking, as well as for generating new rankings of its own. In particular stationary distribution scores derived from the random walks on the combined graph can be used as an indicator of whether structural or usage data are more reliable in different situations.	Dr. Searcher and Mr. Browser: a unified hyperlink-click graph	NA:NA:NA	2018
Pavel Serdyukov:Henning Rode:Djoerd Hiemstra	An expert finding system allows a user to type a simple text query and retrieve names and contact information of individuals that possess the expertise expressed in the query. This paper proposes a novel approach to expert finding in large enterprises or intranets by modeling candidate experts (persons), web documents and various relations among them with so-called expertise graphs. As distinct from the state of-the-art approaches estimating personal expertise through one-step propagation of relevance probability from documents to the related candidates, our methods are based on the principle of multi-step relevance propagation in topic specific expertise graphs. We model the process of expert finding by probabilistic random walks of three kinds: finite, infinite and absorbing. Experiments on TREC Enterprise Track data originating from two large organizations show that our methods using multi-step relevance propagation improve over the baseline one-step propagation based method in almost all cases.	Modeling multi-step relevance propagation for expert finding	NA:NA:NA	2018
Keke Chen:Rongqing Lu:C. K. Wong:Gordon Sun:Larry Heck:Belle Tseng	Machine Learned Ranking approaches have shown successes in web search engines. With the increasing demands on developing effective ranking functions for different search domains, we have seen a big bottleneck, i.e., the problem of insufficient training data, which has significantly limited the fast development and deployment of machine learned ranking functions for different web search domains. In this paper, we propose a new approach called tree based ranking function adaptation ("tree adaptation") to address this problem. Tree adaptation assumes that ranking functions are trained with regression-tree based modeling methods, such as Gradient Boosting Trees. It takes such a ranking function from one domain and tunes its tree-based structure with a small amount of training data from the target domain. The unique features include (1) it can automatically identify the part of model that needs adjustment for the new domain, (2) it can appropriately weight training examples considering both local and global distributions. Experiments are performed to show that tree adaptation can provide better-quality ranking functions for a new domain, compared to other modeling methods.	Trada: tree based ranking function adaptation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
M S. Ali:Mariano P. Consens:Gabriella Kazai:Mounia Lalmas	This paper presents a unified framework for the evaluation of a range of structured document retrieval (SDR) approaches and tasks. The framework is based on a model of tree retrieval, evaluated using a novel extension of the Structural elevance (SR) measure. The measure replaces the assumption of independence in traditional information retrieval (IR) with a notion of redundancy that takes into account the user navigation inside documents while seeking relevant information. Unlike existing metrics for SDR, our proposed framework does not require the computation of an ideal ranking which has, thus far, prevented the practical application of such measures. Instead, SR builds on a Markovian model of user navigation that can be estimated through the use of structural summaries. The results of this paper (supported by experimental validation using INEX data) show that SR defined over a tree retrieval model can provide a common basis for the evaluation of SDR approaches across various structured search tasks.	Structural relevance: a common basis for the evaluation of structured document retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Le Zhao:Jamie Callan	Structured documents contain elements defined by the author(s) and annotations assigned by other people or processes. Structured documents pose challenges for probabilistic retrieval models when there are mismatches between the structured query and the actual structure in a relevant document or erroneous structure introduced by an annotator. This paper makes three contributions. First, a new generative retrieval model is proposed to deal with the mismatch problem. This new model extends the basic keyword language model by treating structure as hidden variable during the generation process. Second, variations of the model are compared. Third, term-level and structure-level smoothing strategies are studied. Evaluation was conducted with INEX XML retrieval and question-answering retrieval tasks. Experimental results indicate that the optimal structured retrieval model is task dependent, two-level Dirichlet smoothing significantly outperforms two-level Jelinek-Mercer smoothing, and with accurate structured queries, the proposed structured retrieval model outperforms keyword retrieval significantly, on both QA and INEX datasets.	A generative retrieval model for structured documents	NA:NA	2018
Christian Kohlschütter:Wolfgang Nejdl	Web Page segmentation is a crucial step for many applications in Information Retrieval, such as text classification, de-duplication and full-text search. In this paper we describe a new approach to segment HTML pages, building on methods from Quantitative Linguistics and strategies borrowed from the area of Computer Vision. We utilize the notion of text-density as a measure to identify the individual text segments of a web page, reducing the problem to solving a 1D-partitioning task. The distribution of segment-level text density seems to follow a negative hypergeometric distribution, described by Frumkina's Law. Our extensive evaluation confirms the validity and quality of our approach and its applicability to the Web.	A densitometric approach to web page segmentation	NA:NA	2018
Sujith Ravi:Marius Paşca	We propose a weakly-supervised approach for extracting class attributes from structured text available within Web documents. The overall precision of the extracted attributes is around 30% higher than with previous methods operating on Web documents. In addition to attribute extraction, this approach also automatically identifies values for a subset of the extracted class attributes.	Using structured text for large-scale attribute extraction	NA:NA	2018
Anup Chalamalla:Sumit Negi:L. Venkata Subramaniam:Ganesh Ramakrishnan	In this paper we address the problem of extracting important (and unimportant) discourse patterns from call center conversations. Call centers provide dialog based calling-in support for customers to address their queries, requests and complaints. A Call center is the direct interface between an organization and its customers and it is important to capture the voice-of-customer by gathering insights into the customer experience. We have observed that the calls received at a call center contain segments within them that follow specific patterns that are typical of the issue being addressed in the call. We present methods to extract such patterns from the calls. We show that by aggregating over a few hundred calls, specific discourse patterns begin to emerge for each class of calls. Further, we show that such discourse patterns are useful for classifying calls and for identifying parts of the calls that provide insights into customer behaviour.	Identification of class specific discourse patterns	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Huajing Li:Zaiqing Nie:Wang-Chien Lee:Lee Giles:Ji-Rong Wen	Every piece of textual data is generated as a method to convey its authors' opinion regarding specific topics. Authors deliberately organize their writings and create links, i.e., references, acknowledgments, for better expression. Thereafter, it is of interest to study texts as well as their relations to understand the underlying topics and communities. Although many efforts exist in the literature in data clustering and topic mining, they are not applicable to community discovery on large document corpus for several reasons. First, few of them consider both textual attributes as well as relations. Second, scalability remains a significant issue for large-scale datasets. Additionally, most algorithms rely on a set of initial parameters that are hard to be captured and tuned. Motivated by the aforementioned observations, a hierarchical community model is proposed in the paper which distinguishes community cores from affiliated members. We present our efforts to develop a scalable community discovery solution for large-scale document corpus. Our proposal tries to quickly identify potential cores as seeds of communities through relation analysis. To eliminate the influence of initial parameters, an innovative attribute-based core merge process is introduced so that the algorithm promises to return consistent communities regardless initial parameters. Experimental results suggest that the proposed method has high scalability to corpus size and feature dimensionality, with more than 15 topical precision improvement compared with popular clustering techniques.	Scalable community discovery on textual data with relations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chong Long:Xiaoyan Zhu:Ming Li:Bin Ma	If Kolmogorov complexity [25] measures information in one object and Information Distance measures information shared by two objects, how do we measure information shared by many objects? This paper provides an initial pragmatic study of this fundamental data mining question. Firstly, Em(x1,x2,...,xn) is defined to be the minimum amount of thermodynamic energy needed to convert from any xi to any xj. With this definition several theoretical problems have been solved. Second, our newly proposed theory is applied to select a comprehensive review and a specialized review from many reviews: (1) Core feature words, expanded words and dependent words are extracted respectively. (2) Comprehensive and specialized reviews are selected according to the information among them. This method of selecting a single review can be extended to select multiple reviews as well. Finally, experiments show that this comprehensive and specialized review mining method based on our new theory can do the job efficiently.	Information shared by many objects	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
George Forman:Evan Kirshenbaum	Most research in speeding up text mining involves algorithmic improvements to induction algorithms, and yet for many large scale applications, such as classifying or indexing large document repositories, the time spent extracting word features from texts can itself greatly exceed the initial training time. This paper describes a fast method for text feature extraction that folds together Unicode conversion, forced lowercasing, word boundary detection, and string hash computation. We show empirically that our integer hash features result in classifiers with equivalent statistical performance to those built using string word features, but require far less computation and less memory.	Extremely fast text feature extraction for classification and indexing	NA:NA	2018
Ken C.K. Lee:Josh Schiffman:Baihua Zheng:Wang-Chien Lee	Wireless data broadcast is an efficient and scalable means to provide information access for a large population of clients in mobile environments. With Location-Based Services (LBSs) deployed upon a broadcast channel, mobile clients can collect data from the channel to answer their location-dependent spatial queries (LDSQs). Since the results of LDSQs would become invalid when mobile client moves to new locations, the knowledge of valid scopes for LDSQ results is necessary to assist clients to determine if their previous LDSQ results can be reused after they moved. This effectively improves query response time and client energy consumption. In this paper, we devise efficient algorithms to determine valid scopes for various LDSQs including range, window and nearest neighbor queries along with LDSQ processing over a broadcast channel. We conduct an extensive set of experiments to evaluate the performance of our proposed algorithms. While the proposed valid scope algorithm incurs only little extra processing overhead, unnecessary LDSQ reevaluation is significantly eliminated, thus providing faster query response and saving client energy.	Valid scope computation for location-dependent spatial query in mobile broadcast environments	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Linh Thai Nguyen:Wai Gen Yee:Ophir Frieder	Structured peer-to-peer networks support keyword search by building a distributed index over the collective content shared by all peers. Building the index and processing queries involve data transfer among peers, thus it is important to keep both of these activities bandwidth-efficient. However, this goal is difficult to attain, as smaller, less precise indices reduce index building and access costs but increase query processing cost, which potentially increases overall cost. We study the trade-off between indexing cost and query processing cost in a structured peer-to-peer network and propose a cost-reducing, adaptive, distributed indexing technique based on the term distributions in local shared contents and user query logs. Using this information, we reduce costs by tuning the precision of the index. The approach we take is to group local documents and to index the groups instead of either individual documents or entire peer collections. We control total cost by controlling the number and contents of groups. We propose a probabilistic model to estimate the cost of grouping, which allows us to identify the optimal number of groups to be created. In addition, we propose a cost-based distance function to guide the document grouping process. Experimental results show that our adaptive indexing technique reduces cost by up to 47% compared with peer-level grouping and by up to 73% compared with document-level grouping.	Adaptive distributed indexing for structured peer-to-peer networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jon Olav Hauglid:Kjetil Nørvåg	In a number of application areas, distributed database systems can be used to provide persistent storage of data while providing efficient access for both local and remote data. With an increasing number of sites (computers) involved in a query, the probability of failure at query time increases. Recovery has previously only focused on database updates while query failures have been handled by complete restart of the query. This technique is not always applicable in the context of large queries and queries with deadlines. In this paper we present an approach for partial restart of queries that incurs minimal extra network traffic during query recovery. Based on results from experiments on an implementation of the partial restart technique in a distributed database system, we demonstrate its applicability and significant reduction of query cost in the presence of failures.	PROQID: partial restarts of queries in distributed databases	NA:NA	2018
Andrew Hickl	This paper presents a novel approach to textual question answering (QA) which identifies answers to natural language questions by leveraging large collections of question-answer pairs extracted from web sources or generated automatically from text. Instead of using the traditional retrieve-and-rerank approach common to most previous approaches to factoid question answering, we introduce a new model of answer authority which allows question-answering systems to estimate the quality of answers not just in isolation - but in the larger context of the information contained in the corpus as a whole. Our approach in this paper hinges on the creation of a new representation of the information stored in a document collection, known as a Question-Answer Database (QUAB).We assume that a QUAB represents a weighted directed graph consisting of the set of factoid question-answer pairs (QAP) that can be asked - and answered - given the content of a corpus. Once a set of QAP have been generated, we use inferential relationships identified by a system for recognizing textual entailment in order to construct the link structure necessary to compute the authority of each interconnected question or answer. We have found access to the QUAB graph not only improves the accuracy of current answer retrieval techniques, but also allows for the determination of when no valid answer can be found for a question in a text corpus. Experimental results show that the authority derived from a graph of question-answer pairs can increase the performance of a factoid QA system by nearly 30%.	Answering questions with authority	NA	2018
David Dominguez-Sal:Mihai Surdeanu:Josep Aguilar-Saborit:Josep Lluis Larriba-Pey	The need for high performance and throughput Question Answering (QA) systems demands for their migration to distributed environments. However, even in such cases it is necessary to provide the distributed system with cooperative caches and load balancing facilities in order to achieve the desired goals. Until now, the literature on QA has not considered such a complex system as a whole. Currently, the load balancer regulates the assignment of tasks based only on the CPU and I/O loads without considering the status of the system cache. This paper investigates the load balancing problem proposing two novel algorithms that take into account the distributed cache status, in addition to the CPU and I/O load in each processing node. We have implemented, and tested the proposed algorithms in a fully fledged distributed QA system. The two algorithms show that the choice of using the status of the cache was determinant in achieving good performance, and high throughput for QA systems.	Cache-aware load balancing for question answering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wei Zhou:Clement Yu:Weiyi Meng	Finding biological entities (such as genes or proteins) that satisfy certain conditions from texts is an important and challenging task in biomedical information retrieval and text mining. It is essential for many biomedical applications, such as drug discovery which normally requires collecting existing scientific facts from documents. This paper presents an effective IR system for this task, in which 1) domain knowledge is incorporated to improve retrieval effectiveness; 2) query expansion with related concepts on multiple semantic levels is employed; 3) a gene symbol disambiguation technique is implemented. We evaluated these techniques and examined two different concept-based IR models. Experiments based upon the proposed framework yield significant improvement (22% for automatic and 16.7% for non-automatic) over the best reported results of passage retrieval in the Genomics track of TREC 2007.	A system for finding biological entities that satisfy certain conditions from texts	NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Arnold:William W. Cohen	In this work we try to bridge the gap often encountered by researchers who find themselves with few or no labeled examples from their desired target domain, yet still have access to large amounts of labeled data from other related, but distinct source domains, and seemingly no way to transfer knowledge from one to the other. Experimentally, we focus on the problem of extracting protein mentions from academic publications in the field of biology, where the source domain data are abstracts labeled with protein mentions, and the target domain data are wholly unlabeled captions. We mine the large number of such full text articles freely available on the Internet in order to supplement the limited amount of annotated data available. By exploiting the explicit and implicit common structure of the different subsections of these documents, including the unlabeled full text, we are able to generate robust features that are insensitive to changes in marginal and conditional distributions of classes and data across domains. We supplement these domain-insensitive features with automatically obtained high-confidence positive and negative predictions on the target domain to learn extractors that generalize well from one section of a document to another. Finally, lacking labeled target testing data, we employ comparative user preference studies to evaluate the relative performance of the proposed methods with respect to existing baselines.	Intra-document structural frequency features for semi-supervised domain adaptation	NA:NA	2018
Xin Xin:Juanzi Li:Jie Tang:Qiong Luo	We address the problem of academic conference homepage understanding for the Semantic Web. This problem consists of three labeling tasks - labeling conference function pages, function blocks, and attributes. Different from traditional information extraction tasks, the data in academic conference homepages has complex structural dependencies across multiple Web pages. In addition, there are logical constraints in the data. In this paper, we propose a unified approach, Constrained Hierarchical Conditional Random Fields, to accomplish the three labeling tasks simultaneously. In this approach, complex structural dependencies can be well described. Also, the constrained Viterbi algorithm in the inference process can avoid logical errors. Experimental results on real world conference data have demonstrated that this approach performs better than cascaded labeling methods by 3.6% in F1-measure and that the constrained inference process can improve the accuracy by 14.3%. Based on the proposed approach, we develop a prototype system of use-oriented semantic academic conference calendar. The user simply needs to specify what conferences he/she is interested in. Subsequently, the system finds, extracts, and updates the semantic information from the Web, and then builds a calendar automatically for the user. The semantic conference data can be used in other applications, such as finding sponsors and finding experts. The proposed approach can be used in other information extraction tasks as well.	Academic conference homepage understanding using constrained hierarchical conditional random fields	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ying Liu:Prasenjit Mitra:C. Lee Giles	Most prior work on information extraction has focused on extracting information from text in digital documents. However, often, the most important information being reported in an article is presented in tabular form in a digital document. If the data reported in tables can be extracted and stored in a database, the data can be queried and joined with other data using database management systems. In order to prepare the data source for table search, accurately detecting the table boundary plays a crucial role for the later table structure decomposition. Table boundary detection and content extraction is a challenging problem because tabular formats are not standardized across all documents. In this paper, we propose a simple but effective preprocessing method to improve the table boundary detection performance by considering the sparse-line property of table rows. Our method easily simplifies the table boundary detection problem into the sparse line analysis problem with much less noise. We design eight line label types and apply two machine learning techniques, Conditional Random Field (CRF) and Support Vector Machines (SVM), on the table boundary detection field. The experimental results not only compare the performances between the machine learning methods and the heuristics-based method, but also demonstrate the effectiveness of the sparse line analysis in the table boundary detection.	Identifying table boundaries in digital documents via sparse line detection	NA:NA:NA	2018
Pawel Jurczyk:Li Xiong	There is an increasing need for sharing data repositories containing personal information across multiple distributed, possibly untrusted, and private databases. Such data sharing is subject to constraints imposed by privacy of data subjects as well as data confidentiality of institutions or data providers. We developed a set of decentralized protocols that enable data sharing for horizontally partitioned databases given these constraints. Our approach includes a distributed anonymization protocol that allows independent data providers to build a virtual anonymized database, and a distributed querying protocol that allows clients to query the virtual database.	Privacy-preserving data publishing for horizontally partitioned databases	NA:NA	2018
Haofen Wang:Thanh Tran:Chang Liu	The Web contains a large amount of documents and increasingly, also semantic data in the form of RDF triples. Many of these triples are annotations that are associated with documents. While structured query is the principal mean to retrieve semantic data, keyword queries are typically used for document retrieval. Clearly, a form of hybrid search that seamlessly integrates these formalisms to query both documents and semantic data can address more complex information needs. In this paper, we present CE2, an integrated solution that leverages mature database and information retrieval technologies to tackle challenges in hybrid search on the large scale. For scalable storage, CE2 integrates database with inverted indices. Hybrid query processing is supported in CE2 through novel algorithms and data structures, which allow for advanced ranking schemes to be integrated more tightly into the process. Experiments conducted on Dbpedia and Wikipedia show that CE2 can provide good performance in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency.	CE2: towards a large scale hybrid search engine with integrated ranking support	NA:NA:NA	2018
Melanie Herschel:Felix Naumann	Duplicate detection determines different representations of real-world objects in a database. Recent research has considered the use of relationships among object representations to improve duplicate detection. In the general case where relationships form a graph, research has mainly focused on duplicate detection quality/effectiveness. Scalability has been neglected so far, even though it is crucial for large real-world duplicate detection tasks. We scale up duplicate detection in graph data (DDG) to large amounts of data using the support of a relational database system. We first generalize the process of DDG and then present how to scale DDG in space (amount of data processed with limited main memory) and in time. Finally, we explore how complex similarity computation can be performed efficiently. Experiments on data an order of magnitude larger than data considered so far in DDG clearly show that our methods scale to large amounts of data.	Scaling up duplicate detection in graph data	NA:NA	2018
Ken C.K. Lee:Wang-Chien Lee:Baihua Zheng	In this research, we develop ROAD, a system framework for processing location dependent spatial queries (LDSQs) that search for spatial objects of interest on road networks. By exploiting search space pruning, ROAD is very efficient and flexible for various LDSQs on different types of objects over large-scale networks. In ROAD, a large road network is organized as a set of interconnected regional sub-networks (called Rnets) augmented with 1) shortcuts for accelerating search traversals; and 2) object abstracts for guiding object search. In this poster, we outline this framework and explain how it can support efficient location-dependent nearest neighbor search.	ROAD: an efficient framework for location dependentspatial queries on road networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Maxim Kormilitsin:Rada Chirkova:Yahya Fathi:Matthias Stallmann	Selecting and precomputing indexes and materialized views, with the goal of improving query-processing performance, is an important part of database-performance tuning. The significant complexity of the view- and index-selection problem may result in high total cost of ownership for database systems. In this paper, we develop efficient methods that deliver user-specified quality of the set of selected views and indexes when given view- and index-based plans as problem inputs. Here, quality means proximity to the globally optimum performance for the input query workload given the input query plans. Our experimental results and comparisons on synthetic and benchmark instances demonstrate the competitiveness of our approach and show that it provides a winning combination with end-to-end view- and index-selection frameworks such as those of [1, 2].	View and index selection for query-performance improvement: quality-centered algorithms and heuristics	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sung Jin Kim:Junghoo John Cho	The standard SQL assumes that the users are aware of all tables and their schemas to write queries. This assumption may be valid when the users deal with a relatively small number of tables, but writing a SQL query on a large number of tables is often challenging; (1) the users do not know what tables are relevant to their query, (2) it is too cumbersome to explicitly list tens of (or even hundreds of) relevant tables in the FROM clause and (3) the schemas of those tables are not identical. We now propose an intuitive yet powerful extension to SQL that helps users explore and aggregate information spread over a large number of tables.	SQL extension for exploring multiple tables	NA:NA	2018
Shaoyi Yin:Philippe Pucheral:Xiaofeng Meng	NAND Flash has become the most popular persistent data storage medium for mobile and embedded devices. The hardware characteristics of NAND Flash (e.g. page granularity for read/write with a block-erase-before-rewrite constraint, limited number of erase cycles) preclude in-place updates. In this paper, we propose a new indexing scheme, called PBFilter, designed from the outset to exploit the peculiarities of NAND Flash.	PBFilter: indexing flash-resident data through partitioned summaries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gang Luo:Jeffrey F. Naughton:Curt J. Ellmann:Michael W. Watzke	Traditional workload management methods mainly focus on the current system status while information about the interaction between queued and running transactions is largely ignored. An exception to this is the transaction reordering method, which reorders the transaction sequence submitted to the RDBMS and improves the transaction throughput by considering both the current system status and information about the interaction between queued and running transactions. The existing transaction reordering method only considers the reordering opportunities provided by analyzing the lock conflict information among multiple transactions. This significantly limits the applicability of the transaction reordering method. In this paper, we extend the existing transaction reordering method into a general transaction reordering framework that can incorporate various factors as the reordering criteria. We show that by analyzing the resource utilization information of transactions, the transaction reordering method can also improve the system throughput by increasing the resource sharing opportunities among multiple transactions. We provide a concrete example on synchronized scans and demonstrate the advantages of our method through experiments with a commercial parallel RDBMS.	Transaction reordering with application to synchronized scans	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jason J. Soo:Rebecca J. Cathey:Ophir Frieder:Michlean J. Amir:Gideon Frieder	Yizkor Book collections contain firsthand commemorative accounts of events from the era surrounding the rise and fall of Nazi Germany, including documents from before, during, and after the Holocaust. Prior to our effort, information regarding the content and location of each Yizkor Book volume was limited. We established a centralized index and metadata repository for the Yizkor Book collection and developed a detailed search interface accessible worldwide.	Yizkor books: a voice for the silent past	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mihai Stroe:Radu Berinde:Cosmin Negruseri:Dan Popovici	In this paper we approach the problem of providing corrections for incorrectly typed URLs. This problem is significantly different from the classical spelling correction problem. We describe our contribution - building a custom data structure and a search algorithm that can find approximate matches for incorrect URLs. We evaluate the quality of our results through experiments with analysts. Our system is now being used in the Google search engine.	An approximate string matching approach for handling incorrectly typed urls	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qiang Wang:Rui Li:Lei Chen:Jie Lian:M. Tamer Özsu	Peer-to-peer architectures become popular in modern massively distributed systems, which are often in very large scale and contain a huge volume of heterogeneous data. To facilitate the information retrieval process in P2P networks, we consider semantic search approach, where syntax-based queries are shipped to peers based on semantic correlations. Motivated by an interesting experience in Web information retrieval, we propose a novel ontology-based scheme to measure similarity of peer interests accurately and consistently in a decentralized way, and group peers under a scalable hierarchical overlay network. Given queries, our approach either floods them within local peer groups or guides them towards remote groups based on the similarity of interests. Our work overcomes the limitations of the existing P2P hybrid-search approaches by avoiding costly data popularity measurement. Performance evaluation and comparison against baseline algorithms show that our approach provides a better solution for information retrieval in large-scale P2P networks.	Speed up semantic search in p2p networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xuerui Wang:Andrei Broder:Marcus Fontoura:Vanja Josifovski	In contextual advertising, estimating the number of impressions of an ad is critical in planning and budgeting advertising campaigns. However, producing this forecast, even within large margins of error, is quite challenging. We attack this problem by simulating the presence of a given ad with its associated bid over historical data, involving billions of impressions. This apparently enormous computational task is reduced to a search task involving only the set of distinct pages in the data. Furthermore the search is made more efficient using a two-level search process. Experimental results show that our approach can accurately forecast the expected number of impressions of contextual ads in real time.	A note on search based forecasting of ad volume in contextual advertising	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Young-Min Kim:Jean-François Pessiot:Massih Reza Amini:Patrick Gallinari	In this paper we propose an extension of the PLSA model in which an extra latent variable allows the model to co-cluster documents and terms simultaneously. We show on three datasets that our extended model produces statistically significant improvements with respect to two clustering measures over the original PLSA and the multinomial mixture MM models.	An extension of PLSA for document clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Linhong Zhu:Aixin Sun:Byron Choi	In this work, we propose a novel post-indexing spam-blog (or splog) detection method, which capitalizes on the results returned by blog search engines. More specifically, we analyze the search results of a sequence of temporally-ordered queries returned by a blog search engine, and build and maintain Blog profiles for those blogs whose posts frequently appear in the top-ranked search results. With the blog profiles, 4 splog scoring functions were evaluated using real data collected from a popular blog search engine. Our experiments show that the proposed method could effectively detect splogs with a high accuracy.	Online spam-blog detection through blog search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Katsuya Masuda:Jun'ichi Tsujii	This paper presents a framework for searching text regions with specifying annotated information in tag-annotated text by using Region Algebra. We extend the efficient algorithm for region algebra to handle both nested and crossed regions and introduce variables for attribute values to treat tag-annotations in which attributes indicate another tag regions. Our framework have been implemented in a text search engine for MEDLINE, which is a large textbase of abstracts in medical science. Experiments in tag-annotated MEDLINE abstracts demonstrate the effectiveness of specifying annotations and the efficiency of our framework.	Nested region algebra extended with variables for tag-annotated text search	NA:NA	2018
Antti Ukkonen:Carlos Castillo:Debora Donato:Aristides Gionis	We propose a framework for searching the Wikipedia with contextual information. Our framework extends the typical keyword search, by considering queries of the type (q,p), where q is a set of terms (as in classical Web search), and p is a source Wikipedia document. The query terms q represent the information that the user is interested in finding, and the document p provides the context of the query. The task is to rank other documents in Wikipedia with respect to their relevance to the query terms q given the context document p. By associating a context to the query terms, the search results of a search initiated in a particular page can be made more relevant. We suggest a number of features that extend the classical query-search model so that the context document p is considered. We then use RankSVM (Joachims 2002) to learn weights for the individual features given suitably constructed training data. Documents are ranked at query time using the inner product of the feature and the weight vectors. The experiments indicate that the proposed method considerably improves results obtained by a more traditional approach that does not take the context into account.	Searching the wikipedia with contextual information	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Javier Parapar:Álvaro Barreiro	We present an approach to document clustering based on winnowing fingerprints that achieved good values of effectiveness with considerable save in memory space and computation time.	Winnowing-based text clustering	NA:NA	2018
Binyamin Rosenfeld:Ronen Feldman:Lyle Ungar	Web pages often contain text that is irrelevant to their main content, such as advertisements, generic format elements, and references to other pages on the same site. When used by automatic content-processing systems, e.g., for Web indexing, text classification, or information extraction, this irrelevant text often produces substantial amount of noise. This paper describes a trainable filtering system based on a feature-rich sequence classifier that removes irrelevant parts from pages, while keeping the content intact. Most of the features the system uses are purely form-related: HTML tags and their positions, sizes of elements, etc. This keeps the system general and domain-independent. We also experiment with content words and show that while they perform very poorly alone, they can slightly improve the performance of pure-form features, without jeopardizing the domain-independence. Our system achieves very high accuracy (95% and above) on several collections of Web pages. We also do a series of tests with different features and different classifiers, comparing the contribution of different components to the system performance, and comparing two known sequence classifiers, Robust Risk Minimization (RRM) and Conditional Random Fields (CRF), in a novel setting.	Using sequence classification for filtering web pages	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jay Urbain:Ophir Frieder:Nazli Goharian	We present a passage relevance model for integrating semantic and statistical evidence of biomedical concepts and topics in context using the framework of a probabilistic graphical model. Component models of topics, concepts, terms, and document are represented as potential functions within a Markov Random Field, and the probability of a passage being relevant to a biologist's information need is represented as the joint distribution across all potential functions. Relevance model feedback of top ranked passages is used to improve distributional estimates of concepts and topics in context, and a dimensional indexing strategy is used for efficient aggregation of concept and term statistics. By integrating multiple sources of evidence including dependencies between topics, concepts, and terms, we seek to improve genomics literature passage retrieval precision. Using this model, we demonstrate statistically significant improvements in retrieval precision using a large genomics literature corpus.	Passage relevance models for genomics search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Elif Aktolga:Marc-Allen Cartright:James Allan	In this work, we address coreference retrieval, which involves identifying aliases that are distinct references to an entity. We begin with a known alias and discover unknown aliases that refer to the same entity. We use Entity Language Models to capture the contextual language around the known alias, which aids in finding new aliases. We also show that modeling the significant dates of the known aliases improves alias discovery performance.	Cross-document cross-lingual coreference retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Karane Vieira:Luciano Barbosa:Juliana Freire:Altigran Silva	The hidden Web consists of data that is generally hidden behind form interfaces, and as such, it is out of reach for traditional search engines. With the goal of leveraging the high-quality information in this largely unexplored portion of the Web, in this paper, we propose a new strategy for automatically retrieving data hidden behind keyword-based form interfaces. Unlike previous approaches to this problem, our strategy adapts the query generation and selection by detecting features of the index. We describe an extensive experimental evaluation which shows that: our strategy is able to derive appropriate queries to obtain high coverage while, at the same time, avoiding the retrieval of redundant data; and it obtains higher coverage and is more efficient approaches that use a fixed strategy for query generation.	Siphon++: a hidden-webcrawler for keyword-based interfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tonya Custis:Khalid Al-Kofahi	We apply language modeling keyword search augmented with Berger and Lafferty's (1999) translation model for query expansion to formulate three query expansion methods using word co-occurrence statistics from a large external corpus and user clickthrough data. We study the performance of these methods on a vertical domain (case law documents) using standard metrics and an evaluation framework designed specifically to measure the performance of query expansion under varying degrees of query-document term mismatch.	Investigating external corpus and clickthrough statistics for query expansion in the legal domain	NA:NA	2018
Monica Rogati:Yiming Yang:Jaime Carbonell	Automatic subset selection from a parallel corpus significantly cross-lingual information retrieval (CLIR) performance, in addition to increasing its efficiency. Our selection method extracts relevant training data by incorporating additional criteria (i.e. estimated corpus quality, taxonomy projection and size) in addition to lexical-based criteria. The challenge lies in combining these criteria using a meaningful scoring function that can be used for ranking parallel sentence candidates. We choose weighted geometric mean for its soft-AND properties, and we optimize criteria weights by wrapping the CLIR task in an optimization shell. Due to the indeterminate nature of the search space convexity properties, we have explored continuous reactive tabu search (CRTS), a global optimization method. We use a large parallel corpus in the medical domain to examine the effect of adaptation criteria and their combination on CLIR performance. In our experiments, 100 selected sentences yield 90% of the performance obtained with 5,000 times more in-domain parallel sentences. Our optimized criteria weights considerably outperform the uniform distribution baseline, as well as lexical similarity adaptation.	Corpus microsurgery: criteria optimization for medical cross-language ir	NA:NA:NA	2018
Qingzhao Tan:Prasenjit Mitra:C. Lee Giles	In academic scientific articles, maps are widely used to provide the related geographic information and to give readers a visual understanding of the document content. As more digital documents containing maps become accessible on the Web, there is a growing demand for a Web search system to provide users with tools to retrieve documents based on the information available within a document's maps. In this paper, we design methods and algorithms to extract, identify, and index maps from academic and scientific documents in digital libraries. Experimental results show that our approach can accurately locate maps and significantly improve the retrieve quality for maps in digital documents.	Metadata extraction and indexing for map search in web documents	NA:NA:NA	2018
Qingliang Miao:Qiudan Li:Ruwei Dai	With the development of Web 2.0, the web has become an extremely valuable source for mining opinions. In this paper, we study how to automatically mine product features and opinions by integrating multiple review sources. We propose an integration strategy to solve the problem. Experiments show that the proposed strategy is effective.	An integration strategy for mining product features and opinions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nan Du:Bai Wang:Bin Wu	Many systems in nature and human society take the form of networks with community structures. In this paper, we describe a simple algorithm COCD(Clique-based Overlapping Community Detection) to efficiently mine the overlapping communities in large-scale networks, which is useful for us to have a better understanding of the nested sub-structures embedded in the whole network.	Overlapping community structure detection in networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ki Chan:Wai Lam:Xiaofeng Yu	Coreference resolution is regarded as a crucial step for acquiring linkages among pieces of information extracted. Traditionally, coreference resolution models make use of independent attribute-value features over pairs of noun phrases. However, dependency and deeper relations between features can more adequately describe the properties of coreference relations between noun phrases. In this paper, we propose a framework of coreference resolution based on first-order logic and probabilistic graphical model, the Markov Logic Network. The proposed framework enables the use of background knowledge and captures more complex coreference linkage properties through rich expression of conditions. Moreover, the proposed conditions can capture the structural pattern within a noun phrase as well as contextual information between noun phrases. Our experiments show improvement with the use of the expressive logic models and the use of pattern-based conditions.	Coreference resolution using expressive logic models	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ming-Hung Hsu:Hsin-Hsi Chen	This paper predicts the stabilized tag set of a resource, with feedback of a small amount of user annotations, aiming to reduce the requirement of sufficient user annotations and to resolve the cold-start problem in a social annotation system.	A method to predict social annotations	NA:NA	2018
Natwar Modani:Kuntal Dey	Here we study a variant of maximal clique enumeration problem by incorporating a minimum size criterion. We describe preprocessing techniques to reduce the graph size. This is of practical interest since enumerating maximal cliques is a computationally hard problem and the execution time increases rapidly with the input size. We discuss basics of an algorithm for enumerating large maximal cliques which exploits the constraint on minimum size of the desired maximal cliques. Social networks are prime examples of large sparse graphs where enumerating large maximal cliques is of interest. We present experimental results on the social network formed by the call detail records of one of the world's largest telecom service providers. Our results show that the preprocessing methods achieve significant reduction in the graph size. We also characterize the execution behaviour of our large maximal clique enumeration algorithm.	Large maximal cliques enumeration in sparse graphs	NA:NA	2018
Yu-Ru Lin:Hari Sundaram:Aisling Kelliher	We present a framework for automatically summarizing social group activity over time. The problem is important in understanding large scale online social networks, which have diverse social interactions and exhibit temporal dynamics. In this work we construct summarization by extracting activity themes. We propose a novel unified temporal multi-graph framework for extracting activity themes over time. We use non-negative matrix factorization (NMF) approach to derive two interrelated latent spaces for users and concepts. Activity themes are extracted from the derived latent spaces to construct group activity summary. Experiments on real-world Flickr datasets demonstrate that our technique outperforms baseline algorithms such as LSI, and is additionally able to extract temporally representative activities to construct meaningful group activity summary.	Summarization of social activity over time: people, actions and concepts in dynamic networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lizhen Qu:Christof Müller:Iryna Gurevych	Folksonomies provide a comfortable way to search and browse the blogosphere. As the tags in the blogosphere are sparse, ambiguous and too general, this paper proposes both a supervised and an unsupervised approach that extract tags from posts using a tag semantic network. We evaluate the two methods on a blog dataset and observe an improvement in F1-measure from 0.23 to 0.50 when compared to the baseline system.	Using tag semantic network for keyphrase extraction in blogs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nuno Cardoso:Mário J. Silva:Diana Santos	Most geographic information retrieval systems depend on the detection and disambiguation of place names in documents, assuming that the documents with a specific geographic scope contain explicit place names in the text that are strongly related to the document scopes. However, some non-geographic names such as companies, monuments or sport events, may also provide indirect relevant evidence that can significantly contribute to the assignment of geographic scopes to documents. In this paper, we analyze the amount of implicit and explicit geographic evidence in newspaper documents, and measure its impact on geographic information retrieval by evaluating the performance of a retrieval system using the GeoCLEF evaluation data.	Handling implicit geographic evidence for geographic ir	NA:NA:NA	2018
Richard Bache:Fabio Crestani	Offender profiling concerns making inferences about a criminal from the crime(s) he has committed. Where descriptionsof the crimes are recorded electronically, text mining techniques provide a means by which recorded characteristics of the offenders can be linked with features of his crimes as revealed in the text. Past studies have used Language Modelling to identify characteristics that can be described by a categorical variable e.g. gender. Here we adapt the Language Modelling approach to allow estimation of numerical quantities such as age and distance travelled.	Estimating real-valued characteristics of criminals from their recorded crimes	NA:NA	2018
Jinfeng Zhuang:Steven C.H. Hoi:Aixin Sun:Rong Jin	Many applications on blog search and mining often meet the challenge of handling huge volume of blog data, in which one single blog could contain hundreds or even thousands of entries. We investigate novel techniques for profiling blogs by selecting a subset of representative entries for each blog. We propose two principles for guiding the entry selection task: representativeness and diversity. Further, we formulate the entry selection task into a combinatorial optimization problem and propose a greedy yet effective algorithm for finding a good approximate solution by exploiting the theory of submodular functions. We suggest blog classification for judging the performance of the proposed entry selection techniques and evaluate their performance on a real blog dataset, in which encouraging results were obtained.	Representative entry selection for profiling blogs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chih-Ming Hsu:Ming-Syan Chen	PageRank is one of the most important ranking techniques used in search engines nowadays. Since billions of pages already existed in Web, many PageRank acceleration techniques were explored by many researchers. However, in the real Web, just like the existence of pages without out-links, there are many pages without in-links. (In this paper, a Web page without in-links is called a reverse-dangling page.) Given the state of the art, we propose a new reordered PageRank algorithm, called two-way reordered PageRank algorithm, which exploits both dangling nodes and reverse-dangling nodes to reduce the computational complexity of the PageRank vector.	Efficient web matrix processing based on dual reordering	NA:NA	2018
Jyotika Prasad:Andreas Paepcke	We developed and tested a heuristic technique for extracting the main article from news site Web pages. We construct the DOM tree of the page and score every node based on the amount of text, the number of links it contains and additional heuristics. The method is site-independent and does not use any language-based features. We tested our algorithm on a set of 1120 news article pages from 27 domains. Our algorithm achieved over 97% precision and 98% recall, and an average processing speed of under 15ms per page.	Coreex: content extraction from online news articles	NA:NA	2018
Chi-Yao Tseng:Pin-Chieh Sung:Ming-Syan Chen	Prior studies on collaborative spam filtering with near-duplicate similarity matching scheme mainly represent each email by a succinct abstraction derived from email content text. Since these abstractions of emails cannot fully catch the evolving nature of spams, we propose in this paper a novel email abstraction scheme, which considers email layout structure to represent emails. With the proposed abstraction, we design a near-duplicate matching scheme to efficiently match each incoming email with a huge spam database.	A novel email abstraction scheme for spam detection	NA:NA:NA	2018
Pavan Kumar Vatturi:Werner Geyer:Casey Dugan:Michael Muller:Beth Brownholtz	This paper investigates using social tags for the purpose of making personalized content recommendations. Our tag-based recommender creates a personalized bookmark recommendation model for each user based on "current" and "general interest" tags, defined by different time intervals.	Tag-based filtering for personalized bookmark recommendations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chunyu Yang:Yong Cao:Zaiqing Nie:Jie Zhou:Ji-Rong Wen	Little work has been done towards an integrated statistical model for understanding webpage structures and processing natural language sentences within the HTML elements. This paper proposed a novel framework called WebNLP which enables bidirectional integration of page structure understanding and text understanding in an iterative manner. Experiments show that the WebNLP framework achieved significantly better performance.	Closing the loop in webpage understanding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bruce S.E. Chung:Wang-Chien Lee:Arbee L.P. Chen	Range queries for querying the current and future positions of the moving objects have received growing interests in the research community. Existing methods, however, assume that an object only moves along an anticipated path. In this paper, we study the problem of answering probabilistic range queries on moving objects based on an uncertainty model, which captures the possible movements of objects with probabilities. We conduct a performance study, which shows our proposal significantly reduces the number of object examinations and the overall cost of the query evaluation.	Efficient processing of probabilistic spatio-temporal range queries over moving objects	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nicolas Anciaux:Luc Bouganim:Harold van Heerde:Philippe Pucheral:Peter M.G. Apers	Trail disclosure is the leakage of privacy sensitive data, resulting from negligence, attack or abusive scrutinization or usage of personal digital trails. To prevent trail disclosure, data degradation is proposed as an alternative to the limited retention principle. Data degradation is based on the assumption that long lasting purposes can often be satisfied with a less accurate, and therefore less sensi-tive, version of the data. Data will be progressively degraded such that it still serves application purposes, while decreasing accuracy and thus privacy sensitivity.	Data degradation: making private data less sensitive over time	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kun Bai:Peng Liu	As online applications gain popularity in today's E-Business world, surviving DBMS from an attack is becoming crucial because of the increasingly critical role that database servers are playing. Although a number of research projects have been done to tackle the emerging data corruption threats, existing mechanisms are still limited in meeting four highly desired requirements: near zero run time overhead, zero system down time. In this paper, we propose TRACE, a light weighted database Damage Tracking, Quarantine, and Recovery (DTQR) solution with negligible run time overhead.	A light weighted damage tracking quarantine and recovery scheme for mission-critical database systems	NA:NA	2018
Dongfeng Chen:Rada Chirkova:Maxim Kormilitsin:Fereidoon Sadri:Timo J. Salo	The problem of decentralized data sharing is relevant for a wide range of applications and is still a source of major theoretical and practical challenges, in spite of many years of sustained research in information integration. We focus on the challenge of efficiency of query evaluation in information-integration systems, with the objective of developing query-processing strategies that are widely applicable and easy to implement in real-life applications. In our algorithms we take into account important features of today's data-sharing applications, namely: XML as likely interface to or representation for data sources; potential for information overlap across data sources; and the need for inter-source processing (i.e., joins of data across data sources) in many applications. To the best of our knowledge, our methods are the first to account for the practical issues of information overlap across data sources and of inter-source processing. While most of our algorithms are platform- and implementation-independent, we also propose XML-specific optimization techniques that allow for system-level tuning of query processing performance. Finally, using real-life datasets and our implementation of an information-integration system shell, we provide experimental results that demonstrate that our algorithms are efficient and competitive in the information-integration setting. For all the details, please see [1].	Query optimization in xml-based information integration	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marcel Karnstedt:Kai-Uwe Sattler:Michael Haß:Manfred Hauswirth:Brahmananda Sapkota:Roman Schmidt	Structured P2P overlays supporting standard database functionalities are a popular choice for building large-scale distributed data management systems. In such systems, estimating the number of answers for structured queries can help approximating query completeness, but is especially challenging. In this paper, we propose to use routing graphs in order to achieve this. We introduce the general approach and briefly discuss further aspects like overhead and guarantees.	Estimating the number of answers with guarantees for structured queries in p2p databases	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaoying Wu:Dimitri Theodoratos	The streaming evaluation is a popular way of evaluating queries on XML documents. Besides its many advantages, it is also the only option for a number of important XML applications. Unfortunately, existing algorithms focus almost exclusively on tree-pattern queries (TPQs). Requirements for flexible querying of XML data have motivated recently the introduction of query languages that are more general and flexible than TPQs. We consider a partial tree-pattern query (PTPQ) language which generalizes and strictly contains TPQs. PTPQs can express a fragment of XPath which comprises reverse axes and the node identity equality ($is$) operator, in addition to forward axes, wildcards and predicates. We outline an original streaming algorithm for PTPQs. Our algorithm is the first one to support the streaming evaluation of such a broad fragment of XPath.	Evaluating partial tree-pattern queries on XML streams	NA:NA	2018
Pranav Vaidya:Jaehwan (John) Lee	In this paper, we characterize the performance of the TPC-H benchmark for a popular column-oriented database called MonetDB running on a dual-core AMD Athlon machine. Specifically, we measure the performance of key microarchitectural components and analyze in detail the nature of various stalls namely cache stalls, branch misprediction stalls and resource stalls. We compare our results with published results on the characterization of TPC-H for row-oriented databases. As opposed to the previous approaches, we use thread-level monitoring of database threads to study the performance of the database in isolation from the rest of the system.	Characterization of TPC-H queries for a column-oriented database on a dual-core amd athlon processor	NA:NA	2018
Petteri Nurmi:Eemil Lagerspetz:Wray Buntine:Patrik Floréen:Joonas Kukkonen:Peter Peltonen	In this paper we describe modifications to a natural language grocery retrieval system, introduced in our earlier work. We also compare our system against an off-the-shelf retrieval tool, and show that our system is significantly better for top-ranked retrieval results.	Natural language retrieval of grocery products	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wei Zhang:Lifeng Jia:Clement Yu:Weiyi Meng	Opinion retrieval is a document retrieving and ranking process. A relevant document must be relevant to the query and contain opinions toward the query. Opinion polarity classification is an extension of opinion retrieval. It classifies the retrieved document as positive, negative or mixed, according to the overall polarity of the query relevant opinions in the document. This paper (1) proposes several new techniques that help improve the effectiveness of an existing opinion retrieval system; (2) presents a novel two-stage model to solve the opinion polarity classification problem. In this model, every query relevant opinionated sentence in a document retrieved by our opinion retrieval system is classified as positive or negative respectively by a SVM classifier. Then a second classifier determines the overall opinion polarity of the document. Experimental results show that both the opinion retrieval system with the proposed opinion retrieval techniques and the polarity classification model outperformed the best reported systems respectively.	Improve the effectiveness of the opinion retrieval and opinion polarity classification	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qiang Huang:Dawei Song	We propose a novel probabilistic method based on the Hidden Markov Model(HMM) to learn the structure of a Latent Variable Model (LVM) for query language modeling. In the proposed LVM, the combinations of query terms are viewed as the latent variables and the segmented chunks from the feedback documents are used as the observations given these latent variables. Our extensive experiments shows that our method significantly outperforms a number of strong baselines in terms of both effectiveness and robustness.	A latent variable model for query expansion using the hidden markov model	NA:NA	2018
Claudia Hauff:Djoerd Hiemstra:Franciska de Jong	The focus of research on query performance prediction is to predict the effectiveness of a query given a search system and a collection of documents. If the performance of queries can be estimated in advance of, or during the retrieval stage, specific measures can be taken to improve the overall performance of the system. In particular, pre-retrieval predictors predict the query performance before the retrieval step and are thus independent of the ranked list of results; such predictors base their predictions solely on query terms, the collection statistics and possibly external sources such as WordNet. In this poster, 22 pre-retrieval predictors are categorized and assessed on three different TREC test collections.	A survey of pre-retrieval query performance predictors	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jianhan Zhu:Dawei Song:Stefan Rüger:Xiangji Huang	We argue that expert finding is sensitive to multiple document features in an organization, and therefore, can benefit from the incorporation of these document features. We propose a unified language model, which integrates multiple document features, namely, multiple levels of associations, PageRank, indegree, internal document structure, and URL length. Our experiments on two TREC Enterprise Track collections, i.e., the W3C and CSIRO datasets, demonstrate that the natures of the two organizational intranets and two types of expert finding tasks, i.e., key contact finding for CSIRO and knowledgeable person finding for W3C, influence the effectiveness of different document features. Our work provides insights into which document features work for certain types of expert finding tasks, and helps design expert finding strategies that are effective for different scenarios.	Modeling document features for expert finding	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Raghavendra Udupa:K. Saravanan:A. Kumaran:Jagadeesh Jagarlamudi	NA	Mining named entity transliteration equivalents from comparable corpora	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vishwa Vinay:Natasa Milic-Frayling:Ingemar Cox	In this paper, we consider the task of estimating query effectiveness, i.e., assessment of the retrieval system performance in absence of the user relevance judgments. In our approach we model the score associated with each document in the result set as a Gaussian random variable. The mean and the variance of each document score can then be used to estimate the probability that a document will be ranked above another one and thus calculate the expected rank of the document in the ranked list. We propose to measure the effectiveness of the system performance by comparing the predicted and actual ranks of the retrieved documents. In our experiments we consider two retrieval models and five document scoring methods and evaluate their impact on the proposed estimation measures. Our experiments with standardized data sets that include document relevance judgments and the task of predicting the relative query effectiveness show that the expected rank metric is robust to variations in document scoring and retrieval algorithms.	Estimating retrieval effectiveness using rank distributions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shouchun Chen:Fei Wang:Yaangqiu Song:Changshui Zhang	Ranking aggregation is important in data mining and information retrieval. In this paper, we proposed a semi-supervised ranking aggregation method, in which the order of several item pairs are labeled as side information. The core idea is to learn a ranking function based on the ordering agreement of different rankers. The ranking scores assigned by this ranking function on the labeled data are consistent with the given pairwise order constraints while the ranking scores on the unlabeled data obey the intrinsic manifold structure of the rank items. The experiment results show our method work well.	Semi-supervised ranking aggregation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fabian Abel:Nicola Henze:Daniel Krause	Folksonomy systems have shown to contribute to the quality of Web search ranking strategies. In this paper, we analyze and compare different graph-based ranking algorithms, namely FolkRank, SocialPageRank, and SocialSimRank. We enhance these algorithms by exploiting the context of tag assignmets, and evaluate the results on the GroupMe! dataset. In GroupMe!, users can organize and maintain arbitrary Web resources in self-defined groups. When users annotate resources in GroupMe!, this can be interpreted in context of a certain group. The grouping activity delivers valuable semantic information about resources and their context. We show how to use this information to improve the detection of relevant search results, and compare different strategies for ranking result lists in folksonomy systems.	Ranking in folksonomy systems: can context help?	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xing Yi:James Allan	We explore the utility of different types of topic models, both probabilistic and not, for retrieval purposes. We show that: (1) topic models are effective for document smoothing; (2) more elaborate topic models that capture topic dependencies provide no additional gains; (3) smoothing documents by using their similar documents is as effective as smoothing them by using topic models; (4) topics discovered on the whole corpus are too coarse-grained to be useful for query expansion. Experiments to measure topic models' ability to predict held-out likelihood confirm past results on small corpora, but suggest that simple approaches to topic model are better for large corpora.	Evaluating topic models for information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Bo Lin:Jun Zhang	In this paper, we present a novel Chinese language model, and study its applications, in particular in Chinese pinyin-to-character conversion. In the new model, each word is associated with supporting context constructed by mining the frequent sets of nearby phrases and their distances to the word. Such information was usually overlooked in previous n-gram model and its variants. We apply the model to Chinese pinyin-to-character conversion and find that it offers a better solution to Chinese input. The model has lower perplexity in our evaluation and higher prediction accuracy than the state-of-the-art n-gram Markov model for Chinese language.	A novel statistical chinese language model and its application in pinyin-to-character conversion	NA:NA	2018
Dingding Wang:Shenghuo Zhu:Tao Li:Yun Chi:Yihong Gong	Document understanding techniques such as document clustering and multi-document summarization have been receiving much attention in recent years. Current document clustering methods usually represent documents as a term-document matrix and perform clustering algorithms on it. Although these clustering methods can group the documents satisfactorily, it is still hard for people to capture the meanings of the documents since there is no satisfactory interpretation for each document cluster. In this paper, we propose a new language model to simultaneously cluster and summarize the documents. By utilizing the mutual influence of the document clustering and summarization, our method makes (1) a better document clustering method with more meaningful interpretation and (2) a better document summarization method taking the document context information into consideration.	Integrating clustering and multi-document summarization to improve document understanding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wisam Dakka:Luis Gravano:Panagiotis G. Ipeirotis	Time is an important dimension of relevance for a large number of searches, such as over blogs and news archives. So far, research on searching over such collections has largely focused on locating topically similar documents for a query. Unfortunately, topic similarity alone is not always sufficient for document ranking. In this paper, we observe that, for an important class of queries that we call time-sensitive queries, the publication time of the documents in a news archive is important and should be considered in conjunction with the topic similarity to derive the final document ranking. Earlier work has focused on improving retrieval for "recency" queries that target recent documents. We propose a more general framework for handling time-sensitive queries and we automatically identify the important time intervals that are likely to be of interest for a query. Then, we build scoring techniques that seamlessly integrate the temporal aspect into the overall ranking mechanism. We extensively evaluated our techniques using a variety of news article data sets, including TREC data as well as real web data analyzed using the Amazon Mechanical Turk. We examined several alternatives for detecting the important time intervals for a query over a news archive and for incorporating this information in the retrieval process. Our techniques are robust and significantly improve result quality for time-sensitive queries compared to state-of-the-art retrieval techniques.	Answering general time sensitive queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiang-Ming Yang:Rui Cai:Feng Jing:Shuo Wang:Lei Zhang:Wei-Ying Ma	In this paper, we proposed a unified strategy to combine query log and search results for query suggestion. In this way, we leverage both the users' search intentions for popular queries and the power of search engines for unpopular queries. The suggested queries are also ranked according to their relevance and qualities; and each suggestion is described with a rich snippet including a photo and related description.	Search-based query suggestion	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yang Xu:Fan Ding:Bin Wang	Many real world applications increasingly involve both structured data and text, and entity based retrieval is an important problem in this realm. In this paper, we present an automatic query reformulation approach based on entities detected in each query. The aim is to utilize semantics associated with entities for enhancing document retrieval. This is done by expanding a query with terms/phrases related to entities in the query. We exploit Wikipedia as a large repository of entity information. Our reformulated approach consists of three major steps : (1) detect representative entity in a query; (2) expand the query with entity related terms/phrases; and (3) facilitate term dependency features. We evaluate our approach in ad-hoc retrieval task on four TREC collections, including two large web collections. Experiments results show that significant improvement is possible by utilizing entity corresponding information.	Entity-based query reformulation using wikipedia	NA:NA:NA	2018
Weijian Ni:Jun Xu:Hang Li:Yalou Huang	This paper points out that many machine learning problems in IR should be and can be formalized in a novel way, referred to as 'group-based learning'. In group-based learning, it is assumed that training data as well as testing data consist of groups. The classifier is created and utilized across groups. Furthermore, evaluation in testing and also in training are conducted at group level, with the use of evaluation measures defined on a group. This paper addresses the problem and presents a Boosting algorithm to perform the new learning task. The algorithm, referred to as AdaBoost.Group, is proved to be able to improve accuracies in terms of group-based measures during training.	Group-based learning: a boosting approach	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fred S. Annexstein:Svetlana Strunjaš	Our collaborative partitioning model posits a bicriteria objective in which we seek the best item clustering that satisfies the most users at the highest level of satisfaction. We consider two basic methods for determining user satisfaction. The first method is based on how well each user's preferences match a given partition, and the second method is based on average correlation scores taken over sufficiently large subpopulations of users. We show these problems are NP-Hard and develop a set of heuristic approaches for solving them. We provide lower bounds on the satisfaction level on random data, and error bounds in the planted partition model, which provide confidence levels for our heuristic methods. Finally, we present experiments on several real examples that demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework.	Collaborative partitioning with maximum user satisfaction	NA:NA	2018
Syed Khairuzzaman Tanbeer:Chowdhury Farhan Ahmed:Byeong-Soo Jeong:Young-Koo Lee	This paper proposes a prefix-tree structure, called CPS-tree (Compact Pattern Stream tree) that efficiently discovers the exact set of recent frequent patterns from high-speed data stream. The CPS-tree introduces the concept of dynamic tree restructuring technique in handling stream data that allows it to achieve highly compact frequency-descending tree structure at runtime and facilitates an efficient FP-growth-based [1] mining technique.	Efficient frequent pattern mining over data streams	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaoming Fan:Jianyong Wang:Bing Lv:Lizhu Zhou:Wei Hu	Name ambiguity stems from the fact that many people or objects share identical names. In this paper, we focus on investigating the problem in digital libraries to distinguish publications written by authors with identical names. We present an effective graph-based framework, GHOST (abbr. GrapH-based framewOrk for name diStincTion), to solve the problem systematically. We evaluated the framework on the real DBLP dataset, and the experimental results show that GHOST outperforms the state-of-the-art method.	GHOST: an effective graph-based framework for name distinction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gavin Shaw:Yue Xu:Shlomo Geva	Association rule mining plays an important job in knowledge and information discovery. However, there are still shortcomings with the quality of the discovered rules and often the number of discovered rules is huge and contain redundancies, especially in the case of multi-level datasets. Previous work has shown that the mining of non-redundant rules is a promising approach to solving this problem, with work by [6,8,9,10] focusing on single level datasets. Recent work by Shaw et. al. [7] has extended the non-redundant approaches presented in [6,8,9] to include the elimination of redundant exact basis rules from multi-level datasets. Here we propose a continuation of the work in [7] that allows for the removal of hierarchically redundant approximate basis rules from multi-level datasets by using a dataset's hierarchy or taxonomy.	Deriving non-redundant approximate association rules from hierarchical datasets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuming Shi:Xiaokang Liu:Ji-Rong Wen	A semantic class is a collection of items (words or phrases) sharing common semantic properties. This paper proposes an approach to constructing one or multiple semantic classes for an input item. Two challenges are addressed: multi-membership, and noise-tolerance.	Pattern-based semantic class discovery with multi-membership support	NA:NA:NA	2018
Faris Alqadah:Raj Bhatnagar	A fundamental task of data analysis is comprehending what distinguishes clusters found within the data. We present the problem of mining distinguishing sets; which seeks to find sets of objects or attributes that induce the most incremental change between adjacent bi-clusters of a binary dataset. Viewing the lattice of bi-clusters formed within a data set as a weighted directed graph, we mine the most significant distinguishing sets by growing a maximal-cost spanning tree of the lattice.	Detecting significant distinguishing sets among bi-clusters	NA:NA	2018
Fei Wang:Shouchun Chen:Changshui Zhang:Tao Li	Distance metric learning is an old problem that has been researched in the supervised learning field for a very long time. In this paper, we consider the problem of learning a proper distance metric under the guidance of some weak supervisory information. Specifically, those information are in the form of pairwise constraints which specify whether a pair of data points are in the same class (must link constraints) or in the different classes (cannot link constraints). Given those constraints, our algorithm aims to learn a distance metric under which the points with must link constraints are pushed as close as possible, while simultaneously the points with cannot link constraints are pulled away as far as possible. Finally the experimental results are presented to show the effectiveness of our method.	Semi-supervised metric learning by maximizing constraint margin	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rohan Choudhary:Sameep Mehta:Amitabha Bagchi	In this paper, we present a general framework to quantify changes in temporally evolving data. We focus on changes that materialize due to evolution and interactions of features extracted from the data. The changes are captured by the following key transformations: create, merge, split, continue, and cease. First, we identify various factors which influence the importance of each transformation. These factors are then combined using a weight vector. The weight vector encapsulates domain knowledge. We evaluate our algorithm using the following datasets: DBLP, IMDB, Text and Scientific Dataset.	On quantifying changes in temporally evolving dataset	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhongshan Lin:SeungJin Lim	In this paper, we propose a novel, spatial co-location mining algorithm which automatically generates co-located spatial features without generating any non-clique candidates at each level. Subsequently our algorithm is more efficient than other existing level-wise co-location algorithms because no cliqueness checking is performed in our algorithm. In addition, our algorithm produces a smaller number of co-location candidates than the other existing algorithms.	Fast spatial co-location mining without cliqueness checking	NA:NA	2018
Fidelia Ibekwe-SanJuan:Eric SanJuan:Michael S.E. Vogeley	We propose a graph decomposition algorithm for analyzing the structure of complex graph networks. After multi-word term extraction, we apply techniques from text mining and visual analytics in a novel way by integrating symbolic and numeric information to build clusters of domain topics. Terms are clustered based on surface linguistic variations and clusters are inserted in an association network based on their intersection with documents. The graph is then decomposed based on atom graph structure into central (non-decomposable) atom and peripheral atoms. The whole process is applied to publications from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) project in the Astronomy field. The mapping obtained was evaluated by a domain expert and appeared to have captured interesting conceptual relations between different domain topics.	Decomposition of terminology graphs for domain knowledge acquisition	NA:NA:NA	2018
Francisco M. Carrero:José Carlos Cortizo:José María Gómez:Manuel de Buenaga	MetaMap is an online application that allows mapping text to UMLS Metathesaurus concepts, which is very useful interoperability among different languages and systems within the biomedical domain. MetaMap Transfer (MMTx) is a Java program that makes MetaMap available to biomedical researchers. Currently there is no Spanish version of MetaMap, which difficults the use of UMLS Metathesaurus to extract concepts from Spanish biomedical texts. Our ongoing research is mainly focused on using biomedical concepts for cross-lingual text classification and retrieval [3]. In this context the use of concepts instead of bag of words representation allows us to face text classification tasks abstracting from the language [4]. In this paper we evaluate the possibility of combining automatic translation techniques with the use of biomedical ontologies to produce an English text that can be processed by MMTx.	In the development of a spanish metamap	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leila Kaghazian:Dennis McLeod:Reza Sadri	Searching data streams has been traditionally very limited, either in the complexity of the search or in the size of the searched dataset. In this paper, we investigate the design and optimization of constructs that enable SQL to express complex patterns. In particular we propose the RSPS (recursive sequential pattern search) algorithm which exploits the inter-dependencies between the elements of a sequential pattern to minimize repeated passes over the same data. Performance gains derived experimental results show impressive speedup up to 100 times.	Scalable complex pattern search in sequential data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chaitanya Chemudugunta:Padhraic Smyth:Mark Steyvers	Statistical topic models provide a general data-driven framework for automated discovery of high-level knowledge from large collections of text documents. While topic models can potentially discover a broad range of themes in a data set, the interpretability of the learned topics is not always ideal. Human-defined concepts, on the other hand, tend to be semantically richer due to careful selection of words to define concepts but they tend not to cover the themes in a data set exhaustively. In this paper, we propose a probabilistic framework to combine a hierarchy of human-defined semantic concepts with statistical topic models to seek the best of both worlds. Experimental results using two different sources of concept hierarchies and two collections of text documents indicate that this combination leads to systematic improvements in the quality of the associated language models as well as enabling new techniques for inferring and visualizing the semantics of a document.	Combining concept hierarchies and statistical topic models	NA:NA:NA	2018
Weifa Liang:Baichen Chen:Jeffrey Xu Yu	The skyline query, as an important operator in databases for multi-preference analysis and decision making, has received much attention recently due to its wide application backgrounds. In this paper, we consider the skyline query problem in Wireless Sensor Network with an objective to maximize the network lifetime by proposing filter-based distributed algorithms for skyline evaluation and maintenance. We also conduct preliminary experiments to evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithms. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed algorithms significantly outperform existing algorithms on various datasets.	Energy-efficient skyline query processing and maintenance in sensor networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
K. Selçuk Candan:Huiping Cao:Yan Qi:Maria Luisa Sapino	Table summarization is necessary in various scenarios where it is hard to display a large table. It can benefit from knowledge about acceptable value clustering alternatives. In this paper, we formulate the problem of table summarization with the help of domain knowledge lattices. We provide the outline of a fuzzy mechanism to express alternative clustering strategies. We further sketch a novel ranked set cover based evaluation mechanism (RSC) to tackle with the inherent complexity.	Table summarization with the help of domain lattices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiao Pan:Jianliang Xu:Xiaofeng Meng	Privacy preservation has recently received considerable attention for location-based mobile services. In this paper, we present location-dependent attack resulting from continuous and dependent location updates and propose an incremental clique-based cloaking algorithm, called ICliqueCloak, to defend against location-dependent attack. The main idea is to incrementally maintain maximal cliques for location cloaking in an un-directed graph that takes into consideration the effect of continuous location updates.	Protecting location privacy against location-dependent attack in mobile services	NA:NA:NA	2018
Philon Nguyen:Nematollaah Shiri	Rank order correlation has been used extensively when the data is non-parametric or when the relationship between two variables is nonlinear and monotonic. In such cases, linear correlation measures, such as the product-moment coefficient, are inadequate and fail to detect correlative relations. We present a polyhedral indexing technique for rank order correlation queries for time series data. We use an interesting geometry interpretation of rank order correlation which lends itself to indexing by spatial indexes such as R-trees. Our experimental results indicate one to two orders of magnitudes improvement over sequential scan - the only alternative solution.	Polyhedral transformation for indexed rank order correlation queries	NA:NA	2018
Matthias Boehm:Uwe Wloka:Dirk Habich:Wolfgang Lehner	The efficient execution of integration processes between distributed, heterogeneous data sources and applications is a challenging research area of data management. These integration processes are an abstraction for workflow-based integration tasks, used in EAI servers and WfMS. The major problem are significant workload changes during runtime. The performance of integration processes strongly depends on those dynamic workload characteristics, and hence workload-based optimization is important. However, existing approaches of workflow optimization only address the rule-based optimization and disregard changing workload characteristics. To overcome the problem of inefficient process execution in the presence of workload shifts, here, we present an approach for the workload-based optimization of instance-based integration processes and show that significant execution time reductions are possible.	Workload-based optimization of integration processes	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vitor R. Carvalho:Jonathan L. Elsas:William W. Cohen:Jaime G. Carbonell	Many of the recently proposed algorithms for learning feature-based ranking functions are based on the pairwise preference framework, in which instead of taking documents in isolation, document pairs are used as instances in the learning process. One disadvantage of this process is that a noisy relevance judgment on a single document can lead to a large number of mis-labeled document pairs. This can jeopardize robustness and deteriorate overall ranking performance. In this paper we study the effects of outlying pairs in rank learning with pairwise preferences and introduce a new meta-learning algorithm capable of suppressing these undesirable effects. This algorithm works as a second optimization step in which any linear baseline ranker can be used as input. Experiments on eight different ranking datasets show that this optimization step produces statistically significant performance gains over state-of-the-art methods.	Suppressing outliers in pairwise preference ranking	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Adele E. Howe:Ryan D. Forbes	The Movielens dataset and the Herlocker et al. study of 1999 have been very influential in collaborative filtering. Yet, the age of both invites re-examining their applicability. We use Netflix challenge data to re-visit the prior results. In particular, we re-evaluate the parameters of Herlocker et al.'s method on two critical factors: measuring similarity between users and normalizing the ratings of the users. We find that normalization plays a significant role and that Pearson Correlation is not necessarily the best similarity metric.	Re-considering neighborhood-based collaborative filtering parameters in the context of new data	NA:NA	2018
Jianguo Lu	NA	Efficient estimation of the size of text deep web data source	NA	2018
Álvaro Zubizarreta:Pablo de la Fuente:José M. Cantera:Mario Arias:Jorge Cabrero:Guido García:César Llamas:Jesús Vegas	The geographic scope of Web pages is becoming an essential dimension of Web search, especially for mobile users. This paper shows a multistage method for assigning a geographic focus to Web pages (GeoReferencing) according to their text contents. We suggest several heuristics for the disambiguation toponyms and a scoring procedure for focus determination. Furthermore, we provide an experimental methodology for evaluating the accuracy. Finally, we obtained promising results of over 70% accuracy with a city-level resolution.	A georeferencing multistage method for locating geographic context in web search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hiroyuki Toda:Norihito Yasuda:Yumiko Matsuura:Ryoji Kataoka	This paper proposes a novel Geo-IR ranking method that realizes effective searches that emphasize the user's immediate surroundings. It assesses the extent implied by place names in documents and then emphasizes place names that are highly specific in terms of identifying locations.	Incorporating place name extents into geo-ir ranking	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Paavo Arvola:Jaana Kekäläinen:Marko Junkkari	In the hierarchical XML structure, the ancestors form the context of an XML element. The process of taking element's context into account in element scoring is called contextualization. The aim of this paper is to separate different granularity levels and test the effect of contextualization on these levels.	The effect of contextualization at different granularity levels in content-oriented xml retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mandar A. Rahurkar:Silviu Cucerzan	In this paper, we investigate the problem of improving the relevance of a Web search engine by adapting it to the dynamic needs of the user. We examine a representative case of sudden information need change, namely the exposure of the user to news data. In our earlier work we showed that the majority of queries submitted by users after browsing documents in the news domain are related to the most recently browsed document. We explore several methods of biasing the search by performing query expansion and re-ranking of the search results of a major search engine for queries identified as good candidates for contextualization. We show that these methods highly increase the similarity between the obtained top 10 search results and the most recently browsed document.	Using the current browsing context to improve search relevance	NA:NA	2018
Mariam Daoud:Lynda Tamine-Lechani:Mohand Boughanem	In this poster, we describe a personalized search approach, which involves a graph based user profile issued from ontology and a session boundary recognition mechanism. The user profile refers to the short term user interest and is used for re-ranking the search results of queries in the same search session. The session boundary recognition is based on tracking changes in the dominant concepts held by the query and the user profile. Experimental evaluation was carried out using the HARD 2003 TREC collection and shows that our approach is effective.	Using a graph-based ontological user profile for personalizing search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yang Sun:Huajing Li:Isaac G. Councill:Wang-Chien Lee:C. Lee Giles	Much research has been conducted using web access logs to study implicit user feedback and infer user preferences from clickstreams. However, little research measures the changes of user preferences of ranking documents over time. We present a study that measures the changes of user preferences based on an analysis of access logs of a large scale digital library over one year. A metric based on the accuracy of predicting future user actions is proposed. The results show that although user preferences change over time, the majority of user actions should be predictable from previous browsing behavior in the digital library.	Measuring user preference changes in digital libraries	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rifat Ozcan:Ismail Sengor Altingovde:Özgür Ulusoy	We propose result page models with varying granularities for navigational queries and show that this approach provides a better utilization of cache space and reduces bandwidth requirements.	Utilization of navigational queries for result presentation and caching in search engines	NA:NA:NA	2018
Alexander Yates:James Joseph:Ana-Maria Popescu:Alexander D. Cohn:Nick Sillick	This paper describes a new method for providing recommendations tailored to a user's preferences using text mining techniques and online technical specifications of products. We first learn a model that can predict the price of a product given automatically-determined features describing technical specifications and users' opinions. We then use this model to rank a list of products based on individual users' preferences about various features. On a data set collected from Amazon reviews and online technical specifications, rankings produced by this model rank the best product for a user in the 87th percentile of products in its category, on average. Our approach outperforms several comparison systems by 21 percentiles or more.	SHOPSMART: product recommendations through technical specifications and user reviews	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gabriella Kazai:Natasa Milic-Frayling	We present a social information retrieval (SIR) model comprising the social network of actors (e.g., authors, publishers, consumers), the graph representing relations in data (e.g., publications), and the links between the social and data network that reflect activities in the network such as search, authoring, annotation, etc. Building on this hybrid network, we describe relevance in terms of the trust propagated through the network and rendered onto a given item. In particular, relevance is a function of the approval votes from the associated sub-graph and the reputation of the sub-graph nodes. We explore a model that differentiates between approval from actors who are perceived authorities by the user and the approval by a wider community, representing the popular opinion.	Trust, authority and popularity in social information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Sreangsu Acharyya:Joydeep Ghosh	A parameterized family of non-linear, link analytic ranking functions is proposed that includes Pagerank as a special case and uses the convexity property of those functions to be more resistant to link spam attacks. A contribution of the paper is the construction of such a scheme with provable uniqueness and convergence guarantees. The paper also demonstrates that even in an unlabelled scenario this family can have spam resistance comparable to Trustrank [3] that uses labels of spam or nat-spam on a training set. The proposed method can use labels, if available, to improve its performance to provide state of the art level of link spam protection.	A spam resistant family of concavo-convex ranks for link analysis	NA:NA	2018
Shenghua Bao:Bohai Yang:Ben Fei:Shengliang Xu:Zhong Su:Yong Yu	This paper is concerned with the problem of boosting social annotations using propagation, which is also called social propagation. In particular, we focus on propagating social annotations of web pages (e.g., annotations in Del.icio.us). Although social annotations are developing fast, they cover only a small proportion of Web pages on the World Wide Web. To alleviate the low coverage problem, a general propagation model based on Random Surfer is proposed. Specifically, four steps are included: basic propagation, multiple-annotation propagation, multiple-link-type propagation, and constraint-guided propagation. Experimental results show that the proposed model is very effective in increasing coverage of annotations as well as preserving property of social annotations.	Boosting social annotations using propagation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuefeng Li:Sheng-Tang Wu:Xiaohui Tao	Many data mining techniques have been proposed for mining useful patterns in databases. However, how to effectively utilize discovered patterns is still an open research issue, especially in the domain of text mining. Most existing methods adopt term-based approaches. However, they all suffer from the problems of polysemy and synonymy. This paper presents an innovative technique, pattern taxonomy mining, to improve the effectiveness of using discovered patterns for finding useful information. Substantial experiments on RCV1 demonstrate that the proposed solution achieves encouraging performance.	Effective pattern taxonomy mining in text documents	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kyung Soon Lee	This paper explores the incorporation of topical support documents into a training set as a means of compensating for a shortage of positive training data in text categorization. To support topical representation, our method applies a simple transformation to documents, i.e., making new documents from existing positive documents by squaring a conventional term weight. The topical support documents thus created not only are expected to preserve the topic, but even improve the topical representation by emphasizing terms with higher weights. Experiments with support vector machines showed the effectiveness on RCV1 collection with a small number of positive training data. Our topical support representation achieved 52.01% and 8.83% improvements for 33 and 56 categories of RCV1 Topic in micro-averaged F1 with less than 100 and 300 positive documents in learning, respectively. Result analyses based on robustness indicate that topical support documents contribute to a steady and stable improvement.	Incorporating topical support documents into a small training set in text categorization	NA	2018
Tanveer A. Faruquie:Sumit Negi:Anup Chalamalla:L. Venkata Subramaniam	Protecting sensitive information while preserving the share-ability and usability of data is becoming increasingly important. In call-centers a lot of customer related sensitive information is stored in audio recordings. In this work, we address the problem of protecting sensitive information in audio recordings and speech transcripts. We present a semi-supervised method to model sensitive information as a directed graph. Effectiveness of this approach is demonstrated by applying it to the problem of detecting and locating credit card transaction in real life conversations between agents and customers in a call center.	Exploiting context to detect sensitive information in call center conversations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Munmun De Choudhury:Hari Sundaram:Ajita John:Dorée Duncan Seligmann	We have developed a computational framework to characterize social network dynamics in the blogosphere at individual, group and community levels. Such characterization could be used by corporations to help drive targeted advertising and to track the moods and sentiments of consumers. We tested our model on a widely read technology blog called Engadget. Our results show that communities transit between states of high and low entropy, depending on sentiments (positive / negative) about external happenings. We also propose an innovative method to establish the utility of the extracted knowledge, by correlating the mined knowledge with an external time series data (the stock market). Our validation results show that the characterized groups exhibit high stock market movement predictability (89%) and removal of 'impactful' groups makes the community less resilient by lowering predictability (26%) and affecting the composition of the groups in the rest of the community.	Multi-scale characterization of social network dynamics in the blogosphere	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zenglin Xu:Rong Jin:Kaizhu Huang:Michael R. Lyu:Irwin King	In automated text categorization, given a small number of labeled documents, it is very challenging, if not impossible, to build a reliable classifier that is able to achieve high classification accuracy. To address this problem, a novel web-assisted text categorization framework is proposed in this paper. Important keywords are first automatically identified from the available labeled documents to form the queries. Search engines are then utilized to retrieve from the Web a multitude of relevant documents, which are then exploited by a semi-supervised framework. To our best knowledge, this work is the first study of this kind. Extensive experimental study shows the encouraging results of the proposed text categorization framework: using Google as the web search engine, the proposed framework is able to reduce the classification error by 30% when compared with the state-of-the-art supervised text categorization method.	Semi-supervised text categorization by active search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wei Peng:Tao Li:Bo Shao	Clustering multi-way data is a very important research topic due to the intrinsic rich structures in real-world datasets. In this paper, we propose the subspace clustering algorithm on multi-way data, called ASI-T (Adaptive Subspace Iteration on Tensor). ASI-T is a special version of High Order SVD (HOSVD), and it simultaneously performs subspace identification using 2DSVD and data clustering using K-Means. The experimental results on synthetic data and real-world data demonstrate the effectiveness of ASI-T.	Clustering multi-way data via adaptive subspace iteration	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jae Woo Lee:Won Suk Lee	This paper proposes a subspace clustering algorithm which combines grid-based clustering with frequent itemset mining. Given a d-dimensional data stream, the on-going distribution statistics of its data elements in every one-dimensional data space is monitored by a list of fine-grain grid-cells called a sibling list, so that all the one-dimensional clusters are accurately identified. By tracing a set of frequently co-occurred one-dimensional clusters, it is possible to find a coarse-grain dense rectangular space in a higher dimensional subspace. An ST-tree is introduced to continuously monitor dense rectangular spaces in all the subspaces of the d dimensions. Among the spaces, those ones whose densities are greater than or equal to a user defined minimum support threshold Smin are corresponding to final clusters.	A coarse-grain grid-based subspace clustering method for online multi-dimensional data streams	NA:NA	2018
Yanhua Chen:Lijun Wang:Ming Dong	In order to derive high quality information from text, the field of text mining has advanced swiftly from simple document clustering to co-clustering documents and words. However, document co-clustering without any prior knowledge or background information is a challenging problem. In this paper, we propose a Semi-Supervised Non-negative Matrix Factorization (SS-NMF) based framework for document co-clustering. Our method computes a new word-document matrix by incorporating user provided constraints through distance metric learning. Using an iterative algorithm, we perform tri-factorization of the new matrix to infer the document and word clusters. Through extensive experiments conducted on publicly available data sets, we demonstrate the superior performance of SS-NMF for document co-clustering.	A matrix-based approach for semi-supervised document co-clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
