Greg Ridgeway:David Madigan	Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) techniques revolutionized statistical practice in the 1990s by providing an essential toolkit for making the rigor and flexibility of Bayesian analysis computationally practical. At the same time the increasing prevalence of massive datasets and the expansion of the field of data mining has created the need to produce statistically sound methods that scale to these large problems. Except for the most trivial examples, current MCMC methods require a complete scan of the dataset for each iteration eliminating their candidacy as feasible data mining techniques.In this article we present a method for making Bayesian analysis of massive datasets computationally feasible. The algorithm simulates from a posterior distribution that conditions on a smaller, more manageable portion of the dataset. The remainder of the dataset may be incorporated by reweighting the initial draws using importance sampling. Computation of the importance weights requires a single scan of the remaining observations. While importance sampling increases efficiency in data access, it comes at the expense of estimation efficiency. A simple modification, based on the "rejuvenation" step used in particle filters for dynamic systems models, sidesteps the loss of efficiency with only a slight increase in the number of data accesses.To show proof-of-concept, we demonstrate the method on a mixture of transition models that has been used to model web traffic and robotics. For this example we show that estimation efficiency is not affected while offering a 95% reduction in data accesses.	Bayesian analysis of massive datasets via particle filters	NA:NA	2018
Fatemah A. Alqallaf:Kjell P. Konis:R. Douglas Martin:Ruben H. Zamar	Covariance and correlation estimates have important applications in data mining. In the presence of outliers, classical estimates of covariance and correlation matrices are not reliable. A small fraction of outliers, in some cases even a single outlier, can distort the classical covariance and correlation estimates making them virtually useless. That is, correlations for the vast majority of the data can be very erroneously reported; principal components transformations can be misleading; and multidimensional outlier detection via Mahalanobis distances can fail to detect outliers. There is plenty of statistical literature on robust covariance and correlation matrix estimates with an emphasis on affine-equivariant estimators that possess high breakdown points and small worst case biases. All such estimators have unacceptable exponential complexity in the number of variables and quadratic complexity in the number of observations. In this paper we focus on several variants of robust covariance and correlation matrix estimates with quadratic complexity in the number of variables and linear complexity in the number of observations. These estimators are based on several forms of pairwise robust covariance and correlation estimates. The estimators studied include two fast estimators based on coordinate-wise robust transformations embedded in an overall procedure recently proposed by [14]. We show that the estimators have attractive robustness properties, and give an example that uses one of the estimators in the new Insightful Miner data mining product.	Scalable robust covariance and correlation estimates for data mining	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kristin P. Bennett:Michinari Momma:Mark J. Embrechts	Support Vector Machines and other kernel methods have proven to be very effective for nonlinear inference. Practical issues are how to select the type of kernel including any parameters and how to deal with the computational issues caused by the fact that the kernel matrix grows quadratically with the data. Inspired by ensemble and boosting methods like MART, we propose the Multiple Additive Regression Kernels (MARK) algorithm to address these issues. MARK considers a large (potentially infinite) library of kernel matrices formed by different kernel functions and parameters. Using gradient boosting/column generation, MARK constructs columns of the heterogeneous kernel matrix (the base hypotheses) on the fly and then adds them into the kernel ensemble. Regularization methods such as used in SVM, kernel ridge regression, and MART, are used to prevent overfitting. We investigate how MARK is applied to heterogeneous kernel ridge regression. The resulting algorithm is simple to implement and efficient. Kernel parameter selection is handled within MARK. Sampling and "weak" kernels are used to further enhance the computational efficiency of the resulting additive algorithm. The user can incorporate and potentially extract domain knowledge by restricting the kernel library to interpretable kernels. MARK compares very favorably with SVM and kernel ridge regression on several benchmark datasets.	MARK: a boosting algorithm for heterogeneous kernel models	NA:NA:NA	2018
Pang-Ning Tan:Vipin Kumar:Jaideep Srivastava	Many techniques for association rule mining and feature selection require a suitable metric to capture the dependencies among variables in a data set. For example, metrics such as support, confidence, lift, correlation, and collective strength are often used to determine the interestingness of association patterns. However, many such measures provide conflicting information about the interestingness of a pattern, and the best metric to use for a given application domain is rarely known. In this paper, we present an overview of various measures proposed in the statistics, machine learning and data mining literature. We describe several key properties one should examine in order to select the right measure for a given application domain. A comparative study of these properties is made using twenty one of the existing measures. We show that each measure has different properties which make them useful for some application domains, but not for others. We also present two scenarios in which most of the existing measures agree with each other, namely, support-based pruning and table standardization. Finally, we present an algorithm to select a small set of tables such that an expert can select a desirable measure by looking at just this small set of tables.	Selecting the right interestingness measure for association patterns	NA:NA:NA	2018
Cristian Bucila:Johannes Gehrke:Daniel Kifer:Walker White	Constraint-based mining of itemsets for questions such as "find all frequent itemsets where the total price is at least $50" has received much attention recently. Two classes of constraints, monotone and antimonotone, have been identified as very useful. There are algorithms that efficiently take advantage of either one of these two classes, but no previous algorithms can efficiently handle both types of constraints simultaneously. In this paper, we present the first algorithm (called DualMiner) that uses both monotone and antimonotone constraints to prune its search space. We complement a theoretical analysis and proof of correctness of DualMiner with an experimental study that shows the efficacy of DualMiner compared to previous work.	DualMiner: a dual-pruning algorithm for itemsets with constraints	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alexander Tuzhilin:Bing Liu	Rule mining is an important data mining task that has been applied to numerous real-world applications. Often a rule mining system generates a large number of rules and only a small subset of them is really useful in applications. Although there exist some systems allowing the user to query the discovered rules, they are less suitable for complex ad hoc querying of multiple data mining rulebases to retrieve interesting rules. In this paper, we propose a new powerful rule query language Rule-QL for querying multiple rulebases that is modeled after SQL and has rigorous theoretical foundations of a rule-based calculus. In particular, we first propose a rule-based calculus RC based on the first-order logic, and then present the language Rule-QL that is at least as expressive as the safe fragment of RC. We also propose a number of efficient query evaluation techniques for Rule-QL and test them experimentally on some representative queries to demonstrate the feasibility of Rule-QL.	Querying multiple sets of discovered rules	NA:NA	2018
Matthew Richardson:Pedro Domingos	Viral marketing takes advantage of networks of influence among customers to inexpensively achieve large changes in behavior. Our research seeks to put it on a firmer footing by mining these networks from data, building probabilistic models of them, and using these models to choose the best viral marketing plan. Knowledge-sharing sites, where customers review products and advise each other, are a fertile source for this type of data mining. In this paper we extend our previous techniques, achieving a large reduction in computational cost, and apply them to data from a knowledge-sharing site. We optimize the amount of marketing funds spent on each customer, rather than just making a binary decision on whether to market to him. We take into account the fact that knowledge of the network is partial, and that gathering that knowledge can itself have a cost. Our results show the robustness and utility of our approach.	Mining knowledge-sharing sites for viral marketing	NA:NA	2018
Mohammed J. Zaki	Mining frequent trees is very useful in domains like bioinformatics, web mining, mining semistructured data, and so on. We formulate the problem of mining (embedded) subtrees in a forest of rooted, labeled, and ordered trees. We present TREEMINER, a novel algorithm to discover all frequent subtrees in a forest, using a new data structure called scope-list. We contrast TREEMINER with a pattern matching tree mining algorithm (PATTERNMATCHER). We conduct detailed experiments to test the performance and scalability of these methods. We find that TREEMINER outperforms the pattern matching approach by a factor of 4 to 20, and has good scaleup properties. We also present an application of tree mining to analyze real web logs for usage patterns.	Efficiently mining frequent trees in a forest	NA	2018
Christopher R. Palmer:Phillip B. Gibbons:Christos Faloutsos	Graphs are an increasingly important data source, with such important graphs as the Internet and the Web. Other familiar graphs include CAD circuits, phone records, gene sequences, city streets, social networks and academic citations. Any kind of relationship, such as actors appearing in movies, can be represented as a graph. This work presents a data mining tool, called ANF, that can quickly answer a number of interesting questions on graph-represented data, such as the following. How robust is the Internet to failures? What are the most influential database papers? Are there gender differences in movie appearance patterns? At its core, ANF is based on a fast and memory-efficient approach for approximating the complete "neighbourhood function" for a graph. For the Internet graph (268K nodes), ANF's highly-accurate approximation is more than 700 times faster than the exact computation. This reduces the running time from nearly a day to a matter of a minute or two, allowing users to perform ad hoc drill-down tasks and to repeatedly answer questions about changing data sources. To enable this drill-down, ANF employs new techniques for approximating neighbourhood-type functions for graphs with distinguished nodes and/or edges. When compared to the best existing approximation, ANF's approach is both faster and more accurate, given the same resources. Additionally, unlike previous approaches, ANF scales gracefully to handle disk resident graphs. Finally, we present some of our results from mining large graphs using ANF.	ANF: a fast and scalable tool for data mining in massive graphs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jon Kleinberg	A fundamental problem in text data mining is to extract meaningful structure from document streams that arrive continuously over time. E-mail and news articles are two natural examples of such streams, each characterized by topics that appear, grow in intensity for a period of time, and then fade away. The published literature in a particular research field can be seen to exhibit similar phenomena over a much longer time scale. Underlying much of the text mining work in this area is the following intuitive premise --- that the appearance of a topic in a document stream is signaled by a "burst of activity," with certain features rising sharply in frequency as the topic emerges.The goal of the present work is to develop a formal approach for modeling such "bursts," in such a way that they can be robustly and efficiently identified, and can provide an organizational framework for analyzing the underlying content. The approach is based on modeling the stream using an infinite-state automaton, in which bursts appear naturally as state transitions; in some ways, it can be viewed as drawing an analogy with models from queueing theory for bursty network traffic. The resulting algorithms are highly efficient, and yield a nested representation of the set of bursts that imposes a hierarchical structure on the overall stream. Experiments with e-mail and research paper archives suggest that the resulting structures have a natural meaning in terms of the content that gave rise to them.	Bursty and hierarchical structure in streams	NA	2018
Eamonn Keogh:Shruti Kasetty	In the last decade there has been an explosion of interest in mining time series data. Literally hundreds of papers have introduced new algorithms to index, classify, cluster and segment time series. In this work we make the following claim. Much of this work has very little utility because the contribution made (speed in the case of indexing, accuracy in the case of classification and clustering, model accuracy in the case of segmentation) offer an amount of "improvement" that would have been completely dwarfed by the variance that would have been observed by testing on many real world datasets, or the variance that would have been observed by changing minor (unstated) implementation details.To illustrate our point, we have undertaken the most exhaustive set of time series experiments ever attempted, re-implementing the contribution of more than two dozen papers, and testing them on 50 real world, highly diverse datasets. Our empirical results strongly support our assertion, and suggest the need for a set of time series benchmarks and more careful empirical evaluation in the data mining community.	On the need for time series data mining benchmarks: a survey and empirical demonstration	NA:NA	2018
Chris Stolte:Diane Tang:Pat Hanrahan	In the last several years, large OLAP databases have become common in a variety of applications such as corporate data warehouses and scientific computing. To support interactive analysis, many of these databases are augmented with hierarchical structures that provide meaningful levels of abstraction that can be leveraged by both the computer and analyst. This hierarchical structure generates many challenges and opportunities in the design of systems for the query, analysis, and visualization of these databases.In this paper, we present an interactive visual exploration tool that facilitates exploratory analysis of data warehouses with rich hierarchical structure, such as might be stored in data cubes. We base this tool on Polaris, a system for rapidly constructing table-based graphical displays of multidimensional databases. Polaris builds visualizations using an algebraic formalism derived from the interface and interpreted as a set of queries to a database. We extend the user interface, algebraic formalism, and generation of data queries in Polaris to expose and take advantage of hierarchical structure. In the resulting system, analysts can navigate through the hierarchical projections of a database, rapidly and incrementally generating visualizations for each projection.	Query, analysis, and visualization of hierarchically structured data using Polaris	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jörg A. Walter:Helge Ritter	We propose a novel projection based visualization method for high-dimensional datasets by combining concepts from MDS and the geometry of the hyperbolic spaces. Our approach Hyperbolic Multi-Dimensional Scaling (H-MDS) extends earlier work [7] using hyperbolic spaces for visualization of tree structures data ( "hyperbolic tree browser" ).By borrowing concepts from multi-dimensional scaling we map proximity data directly into the 2-dimensional hyperbolic space (H2). This removes the restriction to "quasihierarchical", graph-based data -- limiting previous work. Since a suitable distance function can convert all kinds of data to proximity (or distance-based) data this type of data can be considered the most general.We used the circular Poincaré model of the H2 which allows effective human-computer interaction: by moving the "focus" via mouse the user can navigate in the data without loosing the "context". In H2 the "fish-eye" behavior originates not simply by a non-linear view transformation but rather by extraordinary, non-Euclidean properties of the H2. Especially, the exponential growth of length and area of the underlying space makes the H2 a prime target for mapping hierarchical and (now also) high-dimensional data.We present several high-dimensional mapping examples including synthetic and real world data and a successful application for unstructured text. By analyzing and integrating multiple film critiques from news:rec.art.movies.reviews and the internet movie database, each movie becomes placed within the H2. Here the idea is, that related films share more words in their reviews than unrelated. Their semantic proximity leads to a closer arrangement. The result is a kind of high-level content structured display allowing the user to explore the "space of movies".	On interactive visualization of high-dimensional data using the hyperbolic plane	NA:NA	2018
Thorsten Joachims	This paper presents an approach to automatically optimizing the retrieval quality of search engines using clickthrough data. Intuitively, a good information retrieval system should present relevant documents high in the ranking, with less relevant documents following below. While previous approaches to learning retrieval functions from examples exist, they typically require training data generated from relevance judgments by experts. This makes them difficult and expensive to apply. The goal of this paper is to develop a method that utilizes clickthrough data for training, namely the query-log of the search engine in connection with the log of links the users clicked on in the presented ranking. Such clickthrough data is available in abundance and can be recorded at very low cost. Taking a Support Vector Machine (SVM) approach, this paper presents a method for learning retrieval functions. From a theoretical perspective, this method is shown to be well-founded in a risk minimization framework. Furthermore, it is shown to be feasible even for large sets of queries and features. The theoretical results are verified in a controlled experiment. It shows that the method can effectively adapt the retrieval function of a meta-search engine to a particular group of users, outperforming Google in terms of retrieval quality after only a couple of hundred training examples.	Optimizing search engines using clickthrough data	NA	2018
Corin R. Anderson:Pedro Domingos:Daniel S. Weld	Relational Markov models (RMMs) are a generalization of Markov models where states can be of different types, with each type described by a different set of variables. The domain of each variable can be hierarchically structured, and shrinkage is carried out over the cross product of these hierarchies. RMMs make effective learning possible in domains with very large and heterogeneous state spaces, given only sparse data. We apply them to modeling the behavior of web site users, improving prediction in our PROTEUS architecture for personalizing web sites. We present experiments on an e-commerce and an academic web site showing that RMMs are substantially more accurate than alternative methods, and make good predictions even when applied to previously-unvisited parts of the site.	Relational Markov models and their application to adaptive web navigation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Darya Chudova:Padhraic Smyth	In this paper we investigate the general problem of discovering recurrent patterns that are embedded in categorical sequences. An important real-world problem of this nature is motif discovery in DNA sequences. We investigate the fundamental aspects of this data mining problem that can make discovery "easy" or "hard." We present a general framework for characterizing learning in this context by deriving the Bayes error rate for this problem under a Markov assumption. The Bayes error framework demonstrates why certain patterns are much harder to discover than others. It also explains the role of different parameters such as pattern length and pattern frequency in sequential discovery. We demonstrate how the Bayes error can be used to calibrate existing discovery algorithms, providing a lower bound on achievable performance. We discuss a number of fundamental issues that characterize sequential pattern discovery in this context, present a variety of empirical results to complement and verify the theoretical analysis, and apply our methodology to real-world motif-discovery problems in computational biology.	Pattern discovery in sequences under a Markov assumption	NA:NA	2018
Charu C. Aggarwal	In recent years, the technological advances in mapping genes have made it increasingly easy to store and use a wide variety of biological data. Such data are usually in the form of very long strings for which it is difficult to determine the most relevant features for a classification task. For example, a typical DNA string may be millions of characters long, and there may be thousands of such strings in a database. In many cases, the classification behavior of the data may be hidden in the compositional behavior of certain segments of the string which cannot be easily determined apriori. Another problem which complicates the classification task is that in some cases the classification behavior is reflected in global behavior of the string, whereas in others it is reflected in local patterns. Given the enormous variation in the behavior of the strings over different data sets, it is useful to develop an approach which is sensitive to both the global and local behavior of the strings for the purpose of classification. For this purpose, we will exploit the multi-resolution property of wavelet decomposition in order to create a scheme which can mine classification characteristics at different levels of granularity. The resulting scheme turns out to be very effective in practice on a wide range of problems.	On effective classification of strings with wavelets	NA	2018
Deepak K. Agarwal	We give a statistical interpretation of Proximal Support Vector Machines (PSVM) proposed at KDD2001 as linear approximaters to (nonlinear) Support Vector Machines (SVM). We prove that PSVM using a linear kernel is identical to ridge regression, a biased-regression method known in the statistical community for more than thirty years. Techniques from the statistical literature to estimate the tuning constant that appears in the SVM and PSVM framework are discussed. Better shrinkage strategies that incorporate more than one tuning constant are suggested. For nonlinear kernels, the minimization problem posed in the PSVM framework is equivalent to finding the posterior mode of a Bayesian model defined through a Gaussian process on the predictor space. Apart from providing new insights, these interpretations help us attach an estimate of uncertainty to our predictions and enable us to build richer classes of models. In particular, we propose a new algorithm called PSVMMIX which is a combination of ridge regression and a Gaussian process model. Extension to the case of continuous response is straightforward and illustrated with example datasets.	Shrinkage estimator generalizations of Proximal Support Vector Machines	NA	2018
Jeremy Tantrum:Alejandro Murua:Werner Stuetzle	The goal of clustering is to identify distinct groups in a dataset. Compared to non-parametric clustering methods like complete linkage, hierarchical model-based clustering has the advantage of offering a way to estimate the number of groups present in the data. However, its computational cost is quadratic in the number of items to be clustered, and it is therefore not applicable to large problems. We review an idea called Fractionation, originally conceived by Cutting, Karger, Pedersen and Tukey for non-parametric hierarchical clustering of large datasets, and describe an adaptation of Fractionation to model-based clustering. A further extension, called Refractionation, leads to a procedure that can be successful even in the difficult situation where there are large numbers of small groups.	Hierarchical model-based clustering of large datasets through fractionation and refractionation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Inderjit S. Dhillon:Subramanyam Mallela:Rahul Kumar	In this paper we propose a new information-theoretic divisive algorithm for word clustering applied to text classification. In previous work, such "distributional clustering" of features has been found to achieve improvements over feature selection in terms of classification accuracy, especially at lower number of features [2, 28]. However the existing clustering techniques are agglomerative in nature and result in (i) sub-optimal word clusters and (ii) high computational cost. In order to explicitly capture the optimality of word clusters in an information theoretic framework, we first derive a global criterion for feature clustering. We then present a fast, divisive algorithm that monotonically decreases this objective function value, thus converging to a local minimum. We show that our algorithm minimizes the "within-cluster Jensen-Shannon divergence" while simultaneously maximizing the "between-cluster Jensen-Shannon divergence". In comparison to the previously proposed agglomerative strategies our divisive algorithm achieves higher classification accuracy especially at lower number of features. We further show that feature clustering is an effective technique for building smaller class models in hierarchical classification. We present detailed experimental results using Naive Bayes and Support Vector Machines on the 20 Newsgroups data set and a 3-level hierarchy of HTML documents collected from Dmoz Open Directory.	Enhanced word clustering for hierarchical text classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Canasai Kruengkrai:Chuleerat Jaruskulchai	Text classification is the process of classifying documents into predefined categories based on their content. Existing supervised learning algorithms to automatically classify text need sufficient labeled documents to learn accurately. Applying the Expectation-Maximization (EM) algorithm to this problem is an alternative approach that utilizes a large pool of unlabeled documents to augment the available labeled documents. Unfortunately, the time needed to learn with these large unlabeled documents is too high. This paper introduces a novel parallel learning algorithm for text classification task. The parallel algorithm is based on the combination of the EM algorithm and the naive Bayes classifier. Our goal is to improve the computational time in learning and classifying process. We studied the performance of our parallel algorithm on a large Linux PC cluster called PIRUN Cluster. We report both timing and accuracy results. These results indicate that the proposed parallel algorithm is capable of handling large document collections.	A parallel learning algorithm for text classification	NA:NA	2018
Haoran Wu:Tong Heng Phang:Bing Liu:Xiaoli Li	Text categorization or classification is the automated assigning of text documents to pre-defined classes based on their contents. This problem has been studied in information retrieval, machine learning and data mining. So far, many effective techniques have been proposed. However, most techniques are based on some underlying models and/or assumptions. When the data fits the model well, the classification accuracy will be high. However, when the data does not fit the model well, the classification accuracy can be very low. In this paper, we propose a refinement approach to dealing with this problem of model misfit. We show that we do not need to change the classification technique itself (or its underlying model) to make it more flexible. Instead, we propose to use successive refinements of classification on the training data to correct the model misfit. We apply the proposed technique to improve the classification performance of two simple and efficient text classifiers, the Rocchio classifier and the naïve Bayesian classifier. These techniques are suitable for very large text collections because they allow the data to reside on disk and need only one scan of the data to build a text classifier. Extensive experiments on two benchmark document corpora show that the proposed technique is able to improve text categorization accuracy of the two techniques dramatically. In particular, our refined model is able to improve the naïve Bayesian or Rocchio classifier's prediction performance by 45% on average.	A refinement approach to handling model misfit in text categorization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alexandre Evfimievski:Ramakrishnan Srikant:Rakesh Agrawal:Johannes Gehrke	We present a framework for mining association rules from transactions consisting of categorical items where the data has been randomized to preserve privacy of individual transactions. While it is feasible to recover association rules and preserve privacy using a straightforward "uniform" randomization, the discovered rules can unfortunately be exploited to find privacy breaches. We analyze the nature of privacy breaches and propose a class of randomization operators that are much more effective than uniform randomization in limiting the breaches. We derive formulae for an unbiased support estimator and its variance, which allow us to recover itemset supports from randomized datasets, and show how to incorporate these formulae into mining algorithms. Finally, we present experimental results that validate the algorithm by applying it on real datasets.	Privacy preserving mining of association rules	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Junqiang Liu:Yunhe Pan:Ke Wang:Jiawei Han	In this paper, we present a novel algorithm Opportune Project for mining complete set of frequent item sets by projecting databases to grow a frequent item set tree. Our algorithm is fundamentally different from those proposed in the past in that it opportunistically chooses between two different structures, array-based or tree-based, to represent projected transaction subsets, and heuristically decides to build unfiltered pseudo projection or to make a filtered copy according to features of the subsets. More importantly, we propose novel methods to build tree-based pseudo projections and array-based unfiltered projections for projected transaction subsets, which makes our algorithm both CPU time efficient and memory saving. Basically, the algorithm grows the frequent item set tree by depth first search, whereas breadth first search is used to build the upper portion of the tree if necessary. We test our algorithm versus several other algorithms on real world datasets, such as BMS-POS, and on IBM artificial datasets. The empirical results show that our algorithm is not only the most efficient on both sparse and dense databases at all levels of support threshold, but also highly scalable to very large databases.	Mining frequent item sets by opportunistic projection	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hwanjo Yu:Jiawei Han:Kevin Chen-Chuan Chang	Web page classification is one of the essential techniques for Web mining. Specifically, classifying Web pages of a user-interesting class is the first step of mining interesting information from the Web. However, constructing a classifier for an interesting class requires laborious pre-processing such as collecting positive and negative training examples. For instance, in order to construct a "homepage" classifier, one needs to collect a sample of homepages (positive examples) and a sample of non-homepages (negative examples). In particular, collecting negative training examples requires arduous work and special caution to avoid biasing them. We introduce in this paper the Positive Example Based Learning (PEBL) framework for Web page classification which eliminates the need for manually collecting negative training examples in pre-processing. We present an algorithm called Mapping-Convergence (M-C) that achieves classification accuracy (with positive and unlabeled data) as high as that of traditional SVM (with positive and negative data). Our experiments show that when the M-C algorithm uses the same amount of positive examples as that of traditional SVM, the M-C algorithm performs as well as traditional SVM.	PEBL: positive example based learning for Web page classification using SVM	NA:NA:NA	2018
Martin Ester:Hans-Peter Kriegel:Matthias Schubert	When automatically extracting information from the world wide web, most established methods focus on spotting single HTML-documents. However, the problem of spotting complete web sites is not handled adequately yet, in spite of its importance for various applications. Therefore, this paper discusses the classification of complete web sites. First, we point out the main differences to page classification by discussing a very intuitive approach and its weaknesses. This approach treats a web site as one large HTML-document and applies the well-known methods for page classification. Next, we show how accuracy can be improved by employing a preprocessing step which assigns an occurring web page to its most likely topic. The determined topics now represent the information the web site contains and can be used to classify it more accurately. We accomplish this by following two directions. First, we apply well established classification algorithms to a feature space of occurring topics. The second direction treats a site as a tree of occurring topics and uses a Markov tree model for further classification. To improve the efficiency of this approach, we additionally introduce a powerful pruning method reducing the number of considered web pages. Our experiments show the superiority of the Markov tree approach regarding classification accuracy. In particular, we demonstrate that the use of our pruning method not only reduces the processing time, but also improves the classification accuracy.	Web site mining: a new way to spot competitors, customers and suppliers in the world wide web	NA:NA:NA	2018
Edwin Pednault:Naoki Abe:Bianca Zadrozny	Recently, there has been increasing interest in the issues of cost-sensitive learning and decision making in a variety of applications of data mining. A number of approaches have been developed that are effective at optimizing cost-sensitive decisions when each decision is considered in isolation. However, the issue of sequential decision making, with the goal of maximizing total benefits accrued over a period of time instead of immediate benefits, has rarely been addressed. In the present paper, we propose a novel approach to sequential decision making based on the reinforcement learning framework. Our approach attempts to learn decision rules that optimize a sequence of cost-sensitive decisions so as to maximize the total benefits accrued over time. We use the domain of targeted' marketing as a testbed for empirical evaluation of the proposed method. We conducted experiments using approximately two years of monthly promotion data derived from the well-known KDD Cup 1998 donation data set. The experimental results show that the proposed method for optimizing total accrued benefits out performs the usual targeted-marketing methodology of optimizing each promotion in isolation. We also analyze the behavior of the targeting rules that were obtained and discuss their appropriateness to the application domain.	Sequential cost-sensitive decision making with reinforcement learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sunita Sarawagi:Anuradha Bhamidipaty	Deduplication is a key operation in integrating data from multiple sources. The main challenge in this task is designing a function that can resolve when a pair of records refer to the same entity in spite of various data inconsistencies. Most existing systems use hand-coded functions. One way to overcome the tedium of hand-coding is to train a classifier to distinguish between duplicates and non-duplicates. The success of this method critically hinges on being able to provide a covering and challenging set of training pairs that bring out the subtlety of deduplication function. This is non-trivial because it requires manually searching for various data inconsistencies between any two records spread apart in large lists.We present our design of a learning-based deduplication system that uses a novel method of interactively discovering challenging training pairs using active learning. Our experiments on real-life datasets show that active learning significantly reduces the number of instances needed to achieve high accuracy. We investigate various design issues that arise in building a system to provide interactive response, fast convergence, and interpretable output.	Interactive deduplication using active learning	NA:NA	2018
Vijay S. Iyengar	Data on individuals and entities are being collected widely. These data can contain information that explicitly identifies the individual (e.g., social security number). Data can also contain other kinds of personal information (e.g., date of birth, zip code, gender) that are potentially identifying when linked with other available data sets. Data are often shared for business or legal reasons. This paper addresses the important issue of preserving the anonymity of the individuals or entities during the data dissemination process. We explore preserving the anonymity by the use of generalizations and suppressions on the potentially identifying portions of the data. We extend earlier works in this area along various dimensions. First, satisfying privacy constraints is considered in conjunction with the usage for the data being disseminated. This allows us to optimize the process of preserving privacy for the specified usage. In particular, we investigate the privacy transformation in the context of data mining applications like building classification and regression models. Second, our work improves on previous approaches by allowing more flexible generalizations for the data. Lastly, this is combined with a more thorough exploration of the solution space using the genetic algorithm framework. These extensions allow us to transform the data so that they are more useful for their intended purpose while satisfying the privacy constraints.	Transforming data to satisfy privacy constraints	NA	2018
Kristin P. Bennett:Ayhan Demiriz:Richard Maclin	An adaptive semi-supervised ensemble method, ASSEMBLE, is proposed that constructs classification ensembles based on both labeled and unlabeled data. ASSEMBLE alternates between assigning "pseudo-classes" to the unlabeled data using the existing ensemble and constructing the next base classifier using both the labeled and pseudolabeled data. Mathematically, this intuitive algorithm corresponds to maximizing the classification margin in hypothesis space as measured on both the labeled and unlabeled of data. Unlike alternative approaches, ASSEMBLE does not require a semi-supervised learning method for the base classifier. ASSEMBLE can be used in conjunction with any cost-sensitive classification algorithm for both two-class and multi-class problems. ASSEMBLE using decision trees won the NIPS 2001 Unlabeled Data Competition. In addition, strong results on several benchmark datasets using both decision trees and neural networks support the proposed method.	Exploiting unlabeled data in ensemble methods	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mahesh V. Joshi:Ramesh C. Agarwal:Vipin Kumar	Boosting is a strong ensemble-based learning algorithm with the promise of iteratively improving the classification accuracy using any base learner, as long as it satisfies the condition of yielding weighted accuracy > 0.5. In this paper, we analyze boosting with respect to this basic condition on the base learner, to see if boosting ensures prediction of rarely occurring events with high recall and precision. First we show that a base learner can satisfy the required condition even for poor recall or precision levels, especially for very rare classes. Furthermore, we show that the intelligent weight updating mechanism in boosting, even in its strong cost-sensitive form, does not prevent cases where the base learner always achieves high precision but poor recall or high recall but poor precision, when mapped to the original distribution. In either of these cases, we show that the voting mechanism of boosting falls to achieve good overall recall and precision for the ensemble. In effect, our analysis indicates that one cannot be blind to the base learner performance, and just rely on the boosting mechanism to take care of its weakness. We validate our arguments empirically on variety of real and synthetic rare class problems. In particular, using AdaCost as the boosting algorithm, and variations of PNrule and RIPPER as the base learners, we show that if algorithm A achieves better recall-precision balance than algorithm B, then using A as the base learner in AdaCost yields significantly better performance than using B as the base learner.	Predicting rare classes: can boosting make any weak learner strong?	NA:NA:NA	2018
Aleksander Kołcz:Xiaomei Sun:Jugal Kalita	Handling massive datasets is a difficult problem not only due to prohibitively large numbers of entries but in some cases also due to the very high dimensionality of the data. Often, severe feature selection is performed to limit the number of attributes to a manageable size, which unfortunately can lead to a loss of useful information. Feature space reduction may well be necessary for many stand-alone classifiers, but recent advances in the area of ensemble classifier techniques indicate that overall accurate classifier aggregates can be learned even if each individual classifier operates on incomplete "feature view" training data, i.e., such where certain input attributes are excluded. In fact, by using only small random subsets of features to build individual component classifiers, surprisingly accurate and robust models can be created. In this work we demonstrate how these types of architectures effectively reduce the feature space for submodels and groups of sub-models, which lends itself to efficient sequential and/or parallel implementations. Experiments with a randomized version of Adaboost are used to support our arguments, using the text classification task as an example.	Efficient handling of high-dimensional feature spaces by randomized classifier ensembles	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mohammad El-Ramly:Eleni Stroulia:Paul Sorenson	A key challenge facing IT organizations today is their evolution towards adopting e-business practices that gives rise to the need for reengineering their underlying software systems. Any reengineering effort has to be aware of the functional requirements of the subject system, in order not to violate the integrity of its intended uses. However, as software systems get regularly maintained throughout their lifecycle, the documentation of their requirements often become obsolete or get lost. To address this problem of "software requirements loss", we have developed an interaction-pattern mining method for the recovery of functional requirements as usage scenarios. Our method analyzes traces of the run-time system-user interaction to discover frequently recurring patterns; these patterns correspond to the functionality currently exercised by the system users, represented as usage scenarios. The discovered scenarios provide the basis for reengineering the software system into web-accessible components, each one supporting one of the discovered scenarios. In this paper, we describe IPM2, our interaction-pattern discovery algorithm, we illustrate it with a case study from a real application and we give an overview of the reengineering process in the context of which it is employed.	From run-time behavior to usage scenarios: an interaction-pattern mining approach	NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Storey:Marc-david Cohen	The banking industry regularly mounts campaigns to improve customer value by offering new products to existing customers. In recent years this approach has gained significant momentum because of the increasing availability of customer data and the improved analysis capabilities in data mining. Typically, response models based on historical data are used to estimate the probability of a customer purchasing an additional product and the expected return from that additional purchase. Even with these computational improvements and accurate models of customer behavior, the problem of efficiently using marketing resources to maximize the return on marketing investment is a challenge. This problem is compounded because of the capability to launch multiple campaigns through several distribution channels over multiple time periods. The combination of alternatives creates a complicated array of possible actions. This paper presents a solution that answers the question of what products, if any, to offer to each customer in a way that maximizes the marketing return on investment. The solution is an improvement over the usual approach of picking the customers that have the largest expected value for a particular product because it is a global maximization from the viewpoint of the bank and allows for the effective implementation of business constraints across customers and business units. The approach accounts for limited resources, multiple sequential campaigns, and other business constraints. Furthermore, the solution provides insight into the cost of these constraints, in terms of decreased profits, and thus is an effective tool for both tactical campaign execution and strategic planning.	Exploiting response models: optimizing cross-sell and up-sell opportunities in banking	NA:NA	2018
Saharon Rosset:Einat Neumann:Uri Eick:Nurit Vatnik:Yizhak Idan	We present and discuss the important business problem of estimating the effect of retention efforts on the Lifetime Value of a customer in the Telecommunications industry. We discuss the components of this problem, in particular customer value and length of service (or tenure) modeling, and present a novel segment-based approach, motivated by the segment-level view marketing analysts usually employ. We then describe how we build on this approach to estimate the effects of retention on Lifetime Value. Our solution has been successfully implemented in Amdocs' Business Insight (BI) platform, and we illustrate its usefulness in real-world scenarios.	Customer lifetime value modeling and its use for customer retention planning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Satoshi Morinaga:Kenji Yamanishi:Kenji Tateishi:Toshikazu Fukushima	Knowing the reputations of your own and/or competitors' products is important for marketing and customer relationship management. It is, however, very costly to collect and analyze survey data manually. This paper presents a new framework for mining product reputations on the Internet. It automatically collects people's opinions about target products from Web pages, and it uses text mining techniques to obtain the reputations of those products.On the basis of human-test samples, we generate in advance syntactic and linguistic rules to determine whether any given statement is an opinion or not, as well as whether such any opinion is positive or negative in nature. We first collect statements regarding target products using a general search engine, and then, using the rules, extract opinions from among them and attach three labels to each opinion, labels indicating the positive/negative determination, the product name itself, and an numerical value expressing the degree of system confidence that the statement is, in fact, an opinion. The labeled opinions are then input into an opinion database.The mining of reputations, i.e., the finding of statistically meaningful information included in the database, is then conducted. We specify target categories using label values (such as positive opinions of product A) and perform four types of text mining: extraction of 1) characteristic words, 2) co-occurrence words, 3) typical sentences, for individual target categories, and 4) correspondence analysis among multiple target categories.Actual marketing data is used to demonstrate the validity and effectiveness of the framework, which offers a drastic reduction in the overall cost of reputation analysis over that of conventional survey approaches and supports the discovery of knowledge from the pool of opinions on the web.	Mining product reputations on the Web	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sheila Tejada:Craig A. Knoblock:Steven Minton	The task of object identification occurs when integrating information from multiple websites. The same data objects can exist in inconsistent text formats across sites, making it difficult to identify matching objects using exact text match. Previous methods of object identification have required manual construction of domain-specific string transformations or manual setting of general transformation parameter weights for recognizing format inconsistencies. This manual process can be time consuming and error-prone. We have developed an object identification system called Active Atlas [18], which applies a set of domain-independent string transformations to compare the objects' shared attributes in order to identify matching objects. In this paper, we discuss extensions to the Active Atlas system, which allow it to learn to tailor the weights of a set of general transformations to a specific application domain through limited user input. The experimental results demonstrate that this approach achieves higher accuracy and requires less user involvement than previous methods across various application domains.	Learning domain-independent string transformation weights for high accuracy object identification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sholom M. Weiss:Naval K. Verma	A method is described for real-time market intelligence and competitive analysis. News stories are collected online for a designated group of companies. The goal is to detect critical differences in the text written about a company versus the text for its competitors. A solution is found by mapping the task into a non-stationary text categorization model. The overall design consists of the following components: (a) a real-time crawler that monitors newswires for stories about the competitors (b) a conditional document retriever that selects only those documents that meet the indicated conditions (c) text analysis techniques that convert the documents to a numerical format (d) rule induction methods for finding patterns in data (e) presentation techniques for displaying results. The method is extended to combine text with numerical measures, such as those based on stock prices and market capitalizations, that allow for more objective evaluations and projections.	A system for real-time competitive market intelligence	NA:NA	2018
Klaus Julisch:Marc Dacier	In response to attacks against enterprise networks, administrators increasingly deploy intrusion detection systems. These systems monitor hosts, networks, and other resources for signs of security violations. The use of intrusion detection has given rise to another difficult problem, namely the handling of a generally large number of alarms. In this paper, we mine historical alarms to learn how future alarms can be handled more efficiently. First, we investigate episode rules with respect to their suitability in this approach. We report the difficulties encountered and the unexpected insights gained. In addition, we introduce a new conceptual clustering technique, and use it in extensive experiments with real-world data to show that intrusion detection alarms can be handled efficiently by using previously mined knowledge.	Mining intrusion detection alarms for actionable knowledge	NA:NA	2018
Matthew V. Mahoney:Philip K. Chan	Traditional intrusion detection systems (IDS) detect attacks by comparing current behavior to signatures of known attacks. One main drawback is the inability of detecting new attacks which do not have known signatures. In this paper we propose a learning algorithm that constructs models of normal behavior from attack-free network traffic. Behavior that deviates from the learned normal model signals possible novel attacks. Our IDS is unique in two respects. First, it is nonstationary, modeling probabilities based on the time since the last event rather than on average rate. This prevents alarm floods. Second, the IDS learns protocol vocabularies (at the data link through application layers) in order to detect unknown attacks that attempt to exploit implementation errors in poorly tested features of the target software. On the 1999 DARPA IDS evaluation data set [9], we detect 70 of 180 attacks (with 100 false alarms), about evenly divided between user behavioral anomalies (IP addresses and ports, as modeled by most other systems) and protocol anomalies. Because our methods are unconventional there is a significant non-overlap of our IDS with the original DARPA participants, which implies that they could be combined to increase coverage.	Learning nonstationary models of normal network traffic for detecting novel attacks	NA:NA	2018
Karlton Sequeira:Mohammed Zaki	Security of computer systems is essential to their acceptance and utility. Computer security analysts use intrusion detection systems to assist them in maintaining computer system security. This paper deals with the problem of differentiating between masqueraders and the true user of a computer terminal. Prior efficient solutions are less suited to real time application, often requiring all training data to be labeled, and do not inherently provide an intuitive idea of what the data model means. Our system, called ADMIT, relaxes these constraints, by creating user profiles using semi-incremental techniques. It is a real-time intrusion detection system with host-based data collection and processing. Our method also suggests ideas for dealing with concept drift and affords a detection rate as high as 80.3% and a false positive rate as low as 15.3%.	ADMIT: anomaly-based data mining for intrusions	NA:NA	2018
Alexander Tuzhilin:Gediminas Adomavicius	The problem of analyzing microarray data became one of important topics in bioinformatics over the past several years, and different data mining techniques have been proposed for the analysis of such data. In this paper, we propose to use association rule discovery methods for determining associations among expression levels of different genes. One of the main problems related to the discovery of these associations is the scalability issue. Microarrays usually contain very large numbers of genes that are sometimes measured in 10,000s. Therefore, analysis of such data can generate a very large number of associations that can often be measured in millions. The paper addresses this problem by presenting a method that enables biologists to evaluate these very large numbers of discovered association rules during the post-analysis stage of the data mining process. This is achieved by providing several rule evaluation operators, including rule grouping, filtering, browsing, and data inspection operators, that allow biologists to validate multiple individual gane regulation patterns at a time. By iteratively applying these operators, biologists can explore a significant part of all the initially generated rules in an acceptable period of time and thus answer biological questions that are of a particular interest to him or her. To validate our method, we tested our system on the microarray data pertaining to the studies of environmental hazards and their influence of gane expression processes. As a result, we managed to answer several questions that were of interest to the biologists that had collected this data.	Handling very large numbers of association rules in the analysis of microarray data	NA:NA	2018
Peter Antal:Patrick Glenisson:Geert Fannes	Thanks to its increasing availability, electronic literature can now be a major source of information when developing complex statistical models where data is scarce or contains much noise. This raises the question of how to integrate information from domain literature with statistical data. Because quantifying similarities or dependencies between variables is a basic building block in knowledge discovery, we consider here the following question. Which vector representations of text and which statistical scores of similarity or dependency support best the use of literature in statistical models? For the text source, we assume to have annotations for the domain variables as short free-text descriptions and optionally to have a large literature repository from which we can further expand the annotations. For evaluation, we contrast the variables similarities or dependencies obtained from text using different annotation sources and vector representations with those obtained from measurement data or expert assessments. Specifically, we consider two learning problems: clustering and Bayesian network learning. Firstly, we report performance (against an expert reference) for clustering yeast genes from textual annotations. Secondly, we assess the agreement between text-based and data-based scores of variable dependencies when learning Bayesian network substructures for the task of modeling the joint distribution of clinical measurements of ovarian tumors.	On the potential of domain literature for clustering and Bayesian network learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yulan Liang:Arpad Kelemen	Heterogeneous types of gene expressions may provide a better insight into the biological role of gene interaction with the environment, disease development and drug effect at the molecular level. In this paper for both exploring and prediction purposes a Time Lagged Recurrent Neural Network with trajectory learning is proposed for identifying and classifying the gene functional patterns from the heterogeneous nonlinear time series microarray experiments. The proposed procedures identify gene functional patterns from the dynamics of a state-trajectory learned in the heterogeneous time series and the gradient information over time. Also, the trajectory learning with Back-propagation through time algorithm can recognize gene expression patterns vary over time. This may reveal much more information about the regulatory network underlying gene expressions. The analyzed data were extracted from spotted DNA microarrays in the budding yeast expression measurements, produced by Eisen et al. The gene matrix contained 79 experiments over a variety of heterogeneous experiment conditions. The number of recognized gene patterns in our study ranged from two to ten and were divided into three cases. Optimal network architectures with different memory structures were selected based on Akaike and Bayesian information statistical criteria using two-way factorial design. The optimal model performance was compared to other popular gene classification algorithms such as Nearest Neighbor, Support Vector Machine, and Self-Organized Map. The reliability of the performance was verified with multiple iterated runs.	Mining heterogeneous gene expression data with time lagged recurrent neural networks	NA:NA	2018
Charu C. Aggarwal	The rapid growth of the world wide web had made the problem of topic specific resource discovery an important one in recent years. In this problem, it is desired to find web pages which satisfy a predicate specified by the user. Such a predicate could be a keyword query, a topical query, or some arbitrary contraint. Several techniques such as focussed crawling and intelligent crawling have recently been proposed for topic specific resource discovery. All these crawlers are linkage based, since they use the hyperlink behavior in order to perform resource discovery. Recent studies have shown that the topical correlations in hyperlinks are quite noisy and may not always show the consistency necessary for a reliable resource discovery process. In this paper, we will approach the problem of resource discovery from an entirely different perspective; we will mine the significant browsing patterns of world wide web users in order to model the likelihood of web pages belonging to a specified predicate. This user behavior can be mined from the freely available traces of large public domain proxies on the world wide web. We refer to this technique as collaborative crawling because it mines the collective user experiences in order to find topical resources. Such a strategy is extremely effective because the topical consistency in world wide web browsing patterns turns out to very reliable. In addition, the user-centered crawling system can be combined with linkage based systems to create an overall system which works more effectively than a system based purely on either user behavior or hyperlinks.	Collaborative crawling: mining user experiences for topical resource discovery	NA	2018
Jay Ayres:Jason Flannick:Johannes Gehrke:Tomi Yiu	We introduce a new algorithm for mining sequential patterns. Our algorithm is especially efficient when the sequential patterns in the database are very long. We introduce a novel depth-first search strategy that integrates a depth-first traversal of the search space with effective pruning mechanisms.Our implementation of the search strategy combines a vertical bitmap representation of the database with efficient support counting. A salient feature of our algorithm is that it incrementally outputs new frequent itemsets in an online fashion.In a thorough experimental evaluation of our algorithm on standard benchmark data from the literature, our algorithm outperforms previous work up to an order of magnitude.	Sequential PAttern mining using a bitmap representation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Florian Beil:Martin Ester:Xiaowei Xu	Text clustering methods can be used to structure large sets of text or hypertext documents. The well-known methods of text clustering, however, do not really address the special problems of text clustering: very high dimensionality of the data, very large size of the databases and understandability of the cluster description. In this paper, we introduce a novel approach which uses frequent item (term) sets for text clustering. Such frequent sets can be efficiently discovered using algorithms for association rule mining. To cluster based on frequent term sets, we measure the mutual overlap of frequent sets with respect to the sets of supporting documents. We present two algorithms for frequent term-based text clustering, FTC which creates flat clusterings and HFTC for hierarchical clustering. An experimental evaluation on classical text documents as well as on web documents demonstrates that the proposed algorithms obtain clusterings of comparable quality significantly more efficiently than state-of-the- art text clustering algorithms. Furthermore, our methods provide an understandable description of the discovered clusters by their frequent term sets.	Frequent term-based text clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shai Ben-David:Johannes Gehrke:Reba Schuller	Many enterprises incorporate information gathered from a variety of data sources into an integrated input for some learning task. For example, aiming towards the design of an automated diagnostic tool for some disease, one may wish to integrate data gathered in many different hospitals. A major obstacle to such endeavors is that different data sources may vary considerably in the way they choose to represent related data. In practice, the problem is usually solved by a manual construction of semantic mappings and translations between the different sources. Recently there have been attempts to introduce automated algorithms based on machine learning tools for the construction of such translations.In this work we propose a theoretical framework for making classification predictions from a collection of different data sources, without creating explicit translations between them. Our framework allows a precise mathematical analysis of the complexity of such tasks, and it provides a tool for the development and comparison of different learning algorithms. Our main objective, at this stage, is to demonstrate the usefulness of computational learning theory to this practically important area and to stimulate further theoretical and experimental research of questions related to this framework.	A theoretical framework for learning from a pool of disparate data sources	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ella Bingham:Heikki Mannila:Jouni K. Seppänen	Large 0--1 datasets arise in various applications, such as market basket analysis and information retrieval. We concentrate on the study of topic models, aiming at results which indicate why certain methods succeed or fail. We describe simple algorithms for finding topic models from 0--1 data. We give theoretical results showing that the algorithms can discover the epsilon-separable topic models of Papadimitriou et al. We present empirical results showing that the algorithms find natural topics in real-world data sets. We also briefly discuss the connections to matrix approaches, including nonnegative matrix factorization and independent component analysis.	Topics in 0--1 data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Olcay Boz	Neural Networks are successful in acquiring hidden knowledge in datasets. Their biggest weakness is that the knowledge they acquire is represented in a form not understandable to humans. Researchers tried to address this problem by extracting rules from trained Neural Networks. Most of the proposed rule extraction methods required specialized type of Neural Networks; some required binary inputs and some were computationally expensive. Craven proposed extracting MofN type Decision Trees from Neural Networks. We believe MofN type Decision Trees are only good for MofN type problems and trees created for regular high dimensional real world problems may be very complex. In this paper, we introduced a new method for extracting regular C4.5 like Decision Trees from trained Neural Networks. We showed that the new method (DecText) is effective in extracting high fidelity trees from trained networks. We also introduced a new discretization technique to make DecText be able to handle continuous features and a new pruning technique for finding simplest tree with the highest fidelity.	Extracting decision trees from trained neural networks	NA	2018
Bin Chen:Peter Haas:Peter Scheuermann	This paper introduces FAST, a novel two-phase sampling-based algorithm for discovering association rules in large databases. In Phase I a large initial sample of transactions is collected and used to quickly and accurately estimate the support of each individual item in the database. In Phase II these estimated supports are used to either trim "outlier" transactions or select "representative" transactions from the initial sample, thereby forming a small final sample that more accurately reflects the statistical characteristics (i.e., itemset supports) of the entire database. The expensive operation of discovering association rules is then performed on the final sample. In an empirical study, FAST was able to achieve 90--95% accuracy using a final sample having a size of only 15--33% of that of a comparable random sample. This efficiency gain resulted in a speedup by roughly a factor of 10 over previous algorithms that require expensive processing of the entire database --- even efficient algorithms that exploit sampling. Our new sampling technique can be used in conjunction with almost any standard association-rule algorithm, and can potentially render scalable other algorithms that mine "count" data.	A new two-phase sampling based algorithm for discovering association rules	NA:NA:NA	2018
Christina Yip Chung:Bin Chen	As information volume in enterprise systems and in the Web grows rapidly, how to accurately retrieve information is an important research area. Several corpus based smoothing techniques have been proposed to address the data sparsity and synonym problems faced by information retrieval systems. Such smoothing techniques are often unable to discover and utilize the correlations among terms.We propose CVS, a Correlation-Verification based Smoothing method, that considers co-occurrence information in smoothing. Strongly correlated terms in a document are identified by their co-occurrence frequencies in the document. To avoid missing correlated terms with low co-occurrence frequencies but specific to the theme of the document, the joint distributions of terms in the document are compared with those in the corpus for statistical significance.A common approach to apply corpus based smoothing techniques to information retrieval is by refining the vector representations of documents. This paper investigates the effects of corpus based smoothing on information retrieval by query expansion using term clusters generated from a term clustering process. The results can also be viewed in light of the effects of smoothing on clustering.Empirical studies show that our approach outperforms previous corpus based smoothing techniques. It improves retrieval effectiveness by 14.6%. The results demonstrate that corpus based smoothing can be used for query expansion by term clustering.	CVS: a Correlation-Verification based Smoothing technique on information retrieval and term clustering	NA:NA	2018
William W. Cohen:Jacob Richman	Part of the process of data integration is determining which sets of identifiers refer to the same real-world entities. In integrating databases found on the Web or obtained by using information extraction methods, it is often possible to solve this problem by exploiting similarities in the textual names used for objects in different databases. In this paper we describe techniques for clustering and matching identifier names that are both scalable and adaptive, in the sense that they can be trained to obtain better performance in a particular domain. An experimental evaluation on a number of sample datasets shows that the adaptive method sometimes performs much better than either of two non-adaptive baseline systems, and is nearly always competitive with the best baseline system.	Learning to match and cluster large high-dimensional data sets for data integration	NA:NA	2018
Alin Dobra:Johannes Gehrke	Developing regression models for large datasets that are both accurate and easy to interpret is a very important data mining problem. Regression trees with linear models in the leaves satisfy both these requirements, but thus far, no truly scalable regression tree algorithm is known. This paper proposes a novel regression tree construction algorithm (SECRET) that produces trees of high quality and scales to very large datasets. At every node, SECRET uses the EM algorithm for Gaussian mixtures to find two clusters in the data and to locally transform the regression problem into a classification problem based on closeness to these clusters. Goodness of split measures, like the gini gain, can then be used to determine the split variable and the split point much like in classification tree construction. Scalability of the algorithm can be achieved by employing scalable versions of the EM and classification tree construction algorithms. An experimental evaluation on real and artificial data shows that SECRET has accuracy comparable to other linear regression tree algorithms but takes orders of magnitude less computation time for large datasets.	SECRET: a scalable linear regression tree algorithm	NA:NA	2018
Tina Eliassi-Rad:Terence Critchlow:Ghaleb Abdulla	With the advent of fast computer systems, scientists are now able to generate terabytes of simulation data. Unfortunately, the sheer size of these data sets has made efficient exploration of them impossible. To aid scientists in gleaning insight from their simulation data, we have developed an ad-hoc query infrastructure. Our system, called AQSim (short for Ad-hoc Queries for Simulation) reduces the data storage requirements and query access times in two stages. First, it creates and stores mathematical and statistical models of the data at multiple resolutions. Second, it evaluates queries on the models of the data instead of on the entire data set. In this paper, we present two simple but effective statistical modeling techniques for simulation data. Our first modeling technique computes the "true" (unbiased) mean of systematic partitions of the data. It makes no assumptions about the distribution of the data and uses a variant of the root mean square error to evaluate a model. Our second statistical modeling technique uses the Andersen-Darling goodness-of-fit method on systematic partitions of the data. This method evaluates a model by how well it passes the normality test on the data. Both of our statistical models effectively answer range queries. At each resolution of the data, we compute the precision of our answer to the user's query by scaling the one-sided Chebyshev Inequalities with the original mesh's topology. We combine precisions at different resolutions by calculating their weighted average. Our experimental evaluations on two scientific simulation data sets illustrate the value of using these statistical modeling techniques on multiple resolutions of large simulation data sets.	Statistical modeling of large-scale simulation data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bin Fang:Wynne Hsu:Mong Li Lee	Advances in imaging techniques have led to large repositories of images. There is an increasing demand for automated systems that can analyze complex medical images and extract meaningful information for mining patterns. Here, we describe a real-life image mining application to the problem of tumour cell counting. The quantitative analysis of tumour cells is fundamental to characterizing the activity of tumour cells. Existing approaches are mostly manual, time-consuming and subjective. Efforts to automate the process of cell counting have largely focused on using image processing techniques only. Our studies indicate that image processing alone is unable to give accurate results. In this paper, we examine the use of extracted features rules to aid in the process of tumor cell counting. We propose a robust local adaptive thresholding and dynamic water immersion algorithms to segment regions of interesting from background. Meaningful features are then extracted from the segmented regions. A number of base classifiers are built to generate features rules to help identify the tumor cell. Two voting strategies are implemented to combine the base classifiers into a meta-classifier. Experiment results indicate that this process of using extracted features rules to help identify tumor cell leads to better accuracy than pure image processing techniques alone.	Tumor cell identification using features rules	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dimitris Fragoudis:Dimitris Meretakis:Spiros Likothanassis	Instance selection and feature selection are two orthogonal methods for reducing the amount and complexity of data. Feature selection aims at the reduction of redundant features in a dataset whereas instance selection aims at the reduction of the number of instances. So far, these two methods have mostly been considered in isolation. In this paper, we present a new algorithm, which we call FIS (Feature and Instance Selection) that targets both problems simultaneously in the context of text classificationOur experiments on the Reuters and 20-Newsgroups datasets show that FIS considerably reduces both the number of features and the number of instances. The accuracy of a range of classifiers including Naïve Bayes, TAN and LB considerably improves when using the FIS preprocessed datasets, matching and exceeding that of Support Vector Machines, which is currently considered to be one of the best text classification methods. In all cases the results are much better compared to Mutual Information based feature selection. The training and classification speed of all classifiers is also greatly improved.	Integrating feature and instance selection for text classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hichem Frigui	We propose a new clustering algorithm, called SyMP, which is based on synchronization of pulse-coupled oscillators. SyMP represents each data point by an Integrate-and-Fire oscillator and uses the relative similarity between the points to model the interaction between the oscillators. SyMP is robust to noise and outliers, determines the number of clusters in an unsupervised manner, identifies clusters of arbitrary shapes, and can handle very large data sets. The robustness of SyMP is an intrinsic property of the synchronization mechanism. To determine the optimum number of clusters, SyMP uses a dynamic resolution parameter. To identify clusters of various shapes, SyMP models each cluster by multiple Gaussian components. The number of components is automatically determined using a dynamic intra-cluster resolution parameter. Clusters with simple shapes would be modeled by few components while clusters with more complex shapes would require a larger number of components. The scalable version of SyMP uses an efficient incremental approach that requires a simple pass through the data set. The proposed clustering approach is empirically evaluated with several synthetic and real data sets, and its performance is compared with CURE.	SyMP: an efficient clustering approach to identify clusters of arbitrary shapes in large data sets	NA	2018
Shantanu Godbole:Sunita Sarawagi:Soumen Chakrabarti	Support vector machines (SVMs) excel at two-class discriminative learning problems. They often outperform generative classifiers, especially those that use inaccurate generative models, such as the naïve Bayes (NB) classifier. On the other hand, generative classifiers have no trouble in handling an arbitrary number of classes efficiently, and NB classifiers train much faster than SVMs owing to their extreme simplicity. In contrast, SVMs handle multi-class problems by learning redundant yes/no (one-vs-others) classifiers for each class, further worsening the performance gap. We propose a new technique for multi-way classification which exploits the accuracy of SVMs and the speed of NB classifiers. We first use a NB classifier to quickly compute a confusion matrix, which is used to reduce the number and complexity of the two-class SVMs that are built in the second stage. During testing, we first get the prediction of a NB classifier and use that to selectively apply only a subset of the two-class SVMs. On standard benchmarks, our algorithm is 3 to 6 times faster than SVMs and yet matches or even exceeds their accuracy.	Scaling multi-class support vector machines using inter-class confusion	NA:NA:NA	2018
TuBao Ho:TrongDung Nguyen:DungDuc Nguyen	Viewing knowledge discovery as a user-centered process that requires an effective collaboration between the user and the discovery system, our work aims to support an active role of the user in that process by developing synergistic visualization tools integrated in our discovery system D2MS. These tools provide an ability of visualizing the entire process of knowledge discovery in order to help the user with data preprocessing, selecting mining algorithms and parameters, evaluating and comparing discovered models, and taking control of the whole discover process. Our case-studies with two medical datasets on meningitis and stomach cancer show that, with visualization tools in D2MS, the user gains better insight in each step of the knowledge discovery process as well the relationship between data and discovered knowledge.	Visualization support for a user-centered KDD process	NA:NA:NA	2018
Geoff Hulten:Pedro Domingos	In this paper we propose a scaling-up method that is applicable to essentially any induction algorithm based on discrete search. The result of applying the method to an algorithm is that its running time becomes independent of the size of the database, while the decisions made are essentially identical to those that would be made given infinite data. The method works within pre-specified memory limits and, as long as the data is iid, only requires accessing it sequentially. It gives anytime results, and can be used to produce batch, stream, time-changing and active-learning versions of an algorithm. We apply the method to learning Bayesian networks, developing an algorithm that is faster than previous ones by orders of magnitude, while achieving essentially the same predictive performance. We observe these gains on a series of large databases "generated from benchmark networks, on the KDD Cup 2000 e-commerce data, and on a Web log containing 100 million requests.	Mining complex models from arbitrarily large databases in constant time	NA:NA	2018
Srinivasan Jagannathan:Jayanth Nayak:Kevin Almeroth:Markus Hofmann	There exists a huge demand for multimedia goods and services in the Internet. Currently available bandwidth speeds can support sale of downloadable content like CDs, e-books, etc. as well as services like video-on-demand. In the future, such services will be prevalent in the Internet. Since costs are typically fixed, maximizing revenue can maximize profits. A primary determinant of revenue in such e-content markets is how much value the customers associate with the content. Though marketing surveys are useful, they cannot adapt to the dynamic nature of the Internet market. In this work, we examine how to learn customer valuations in close to real-time. Our contributions in this paper are threefold: (1) we develop a probabilistic model to describe customer behavior, (2) we develop a framework for pricing e-content based on basic economic principles, and (3) we propose a price discovering algorithm that learns customer behavior parameters and suggests prices to an e-content provider. We validate our algorithm using simulations. Our simulations indicate that our algorithm generates revenue close to the maximum expectation. Further, they also indicate that the algorithm is robust to transient customer behavior.	A model for discovering customer value for E-content	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Glen Jeh:Jennifer Widom	The problem of measuring "similarity" of objects arises in many applications, and many domain-specific measures have been developed, e.g., matching text across documents or computing overlap among item-sets. We propose a complementary approach, applicable in any domain with object-to-object relationships, that measures similarity of the structural context in which objects occur, based on their relationships with other objects. Effectively, we compute a measure that says "two objects are similar if they are related to similar objects:" This general similarity measure, called SimRank, is based on a simple and intuitive graph-theoretic model. For a given domain, SimRank can be combined with other domain-specific similarity measures. We suggest techniques for efficient computation of SimRank scores, and provide experimental results on two application domains showing the computational feasibility and effectiveness of our approach.	SimRank: a measure of structural-context similarity	NA:NA	2018
Xiaoming Jin:Yuchang Lu:Chunyi Shi	Similarity measure of time series is an important subroutine in many KDD applications. Previous similarity models mainly focus on the prominent series behaviors by considering the whole information of time series. In this paper, we address the problem: which portion of information is more suitable for similarity measure for the data collected from a certain field. We propose a model for the retrieval and representation of the partial information in time series data, and a methodology for evaluating the similarity measurements based on partial information. The methodology is to retrieve various portions of information from the raw data and represent it in a concise form, then cluster the time series using the partial information and evaluate the similarity measurements through comparing the results with a standard classification. Experiments on data set from stock market give some interesting observations and justify the usefulness of our approach.	Similarity measure based on partial information of time series	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eamonn Keogh:Stefano Lonardi:Bill 'Yuan-chi' Chiu	The problem of finding a specified pattern in a time series database (i.e. query by content) has received much attention and is now a relatively mature field. In contrast, the important problem of enumerating all surprising or interesting patterns has received far less attention. This problem requires a meaningful definition of "surprise", and an efficient search technique. All previous attempts at finding surprising patterns in time series use a very limited notion of surprise, and/or do not scale to massive datasets. To overcome these limitations we introduce a novel technique that defines a pattern surprising if the frequency of its occurrence differs substantially from that expected by chance, given some previously seen data.	Finding surprising patterns in a time series database in linear time and space	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mahesh Kumar:Nitin R. Patel:Jonathan Woo	Clustering is a very well studied problem that attempts to group similar data points. Most traditional clustering algorithms assume that the data is provided without measurement error. Often, however, real world data sets have such errors and one can obtain estimates of these errors. We present a clustering method that incorporates information contained in these error estimates. We present a new distance function that is based on the distribution of errors in data. Using a Gaussian model for errors, the distance function follows a Chi-Square distribution and is easy to compute. This distance function is used in hierarchical clustering to discover meaningful clusters. The distance function is scale-invariant so that clustering results are independent of units of measuring data. In the special case when the error distribution is the same for each attribute of data points, the rank order of pair-wise distances is the same for our distance function and the Euclidean distance function. The clustering method is applied to the seasonality estimation problem and experimental results are presented for the retail industry data as well as for simulated data, where it outperforms classical clustering methods.	Clustering seasonality patterns in the presence of errors	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiuyong Li:Rodney Topor:Hong Shen	We study the problem of computing classification rule sets from relational databases so that accurate predictions can be made on test data with missing attribute values. Traditional classifiers perform badly when test data are not as complete as the training data because they tailor a training database too much. We introduce the concept of one rule set being more robust than another, that is, able to make more accurate predictions on test data with missing attribute values. We show that the optimal class association rule set is as robust as the complete class association rule set. We then introduce the k-optimal rule set, which provides predictions exactly the same as the optimal class association rule set on test data with up to k missing attribute values. This leads to a hierarchy of k-optimal rule sets in which decreasing size corresponds to decreasing robustness, and they all more robust than a traditional classification rule set. We introduce two methods to find k-optimal rule sets, i.e. an optimal association rule mining approach and a heuristic approximate approach. We show experimentally that a k-optimal rule set generated by the optimal association rule mining approach performs better than that by the heuristic approximate approach and both rule sets perform significantly better than a typical classification rule set (C4.5Rules) on incomplete test data.	Construct robust rule sets for classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ruey-Hsia Li:Geneva G. Belford	The instability problem of decision tree classification algorithms is that small changes in input training samples may cause dramatically large changes in output classification rules. Different rules generated from almost the same training samples are against human intuition and complicate the process of decision making. In this paper, we present fundamental theorems for the instability problem of decision tree classifiers. The first theorem gives the relationship between a data change and the resulting tree structure change (i.e. split change). The second theorem, Instability Theorem, provides the cause of the instability problem. Based on the two theorems, algorithmic improvements can be made to lessen the instability problem. Empirical results illustrate the theorem statements. The trees constructed by the proposed algorithm are more stable, noise-tolerant, informative, expressive, and concise. Our proposed sensitivity measure can be used as a metric to evaluate the stability of splitting predicates. The tree sensitivity is an indicator of the confidence level in rules and the effective lifetime of rules.	Instability of decision tree classification algorithms	NA:NA	2018
Cheng-Ru Lin:Chang-Hung Lee:Ming-Syan Chen:Philip S. Yu	In this paper, we broaden the horizon of traditional rule mining by introducing a new framework of causality rule mining in a distributed chain store database. Specifically, the causality rule explored in this paper consists of a sequence of triggering events and a set of consequential events, and is designed with the capability of mining non-sequential, inter-transaction information. Hence, the causality rule mining provides a very general framework for rule derivation. Note, however, that the procedure of causality rule mining is very costly particularly in the presence of a huge number of candidate sets and a distributed database, and in our opinion, cannot be dealt with by direct extensions from existing rule mining methods. Consequently, we devise in this paper a series of level matching algorithms, including Level Matching (abbreviatedly as LM), Level Matching with Selective Scan (abbreviatedly as LMS), and Distributed Level Matching (abbreviatedly as Distibuted LM), to minimize the computing cost needed for the distributed data mining of causality rules. In addition, the phenomena of time window constraints are also taken into consideration for the development of our algorithms. As a result of properly employing the technologies of level matching and selective scan, the proposed algorithms present good efficiency and scalability in the mining of local and global causality rules. Scale-up experiments show that the proposed algorithms scale well with the number of sites and the number of customer transactions.Index Terms: knowledge discovery, distributed data mining causality rules, triggering events, consequential events	Distributed data mining in a chain store database of short transactions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Cheng-Ru Lin:Ming-Syan Chen	Data clustering has attracted a lot of research attention in the field of computational statistics and data mining. In most related studies, the dissimilarity between two clusters is defined as the distance between their centroids, or the distance between two closest (or farthest) data points. However, all of these measurements are vulnerable to outliers, and removing the outliers precisely is yet another difficult task. In view of this, we propose a new similarity measurement referred to as cohesion, to measure the inter-cluster distances. By using this new measurement of cohesion, we design a two-phase clustering algorithm, called cohesion-based self-merging (abbreviated as CSM), which runs in linear time to the size of input data set. Combining the features of partitional and hierarchical clustering methods, algorithm CSM partitions the input data set into several small subclusters in the first phase, and then continuously merges the subclusters based on cohesion in a hierarchical manner in the second phase. As shown by our performance studies, the cohesion-based clustering is very robust and possesses the excellent tolerance to outliers in various workloads. More importantly, algorithm CSM is shown to be able to cluster the data sets of arbitrary shapes very efficiently, and provide better clustering results than those by prior methods.Index Terms: Data mining, data clustering, hierarchical clustering, partitional clustering	A robust and efficient clustering algorithm based on cohesion self-merging	NA:NA	2018
Shian-Hua Lin:Jan-Ming Ho	In this paper, we propose a new approach to discover informative contents from a set of tabular documents (or Web pages) of a Web site. Our system, InfoDiscoverer, first partitions a page into several content blocks according to HTML tag <TABLE> in a Web page. Based on the occurrence of the features (terms) in the set of pages, it calculates entropy value of each feature. According to the entropy value of each feature in a content block, the entropy value of the block is defined. By analyzing the information measure, we propose a method to dynamically select the entropy-threshold that partitions blocks into either informative or redundant. Informative content blocks are distinguished parts of the page, whereas redundant content blocks are common parts. Based on the answer set generated from 13 manually tagged news Web sites with a total of 26,518 Web pages, experiments show that both recall and precision rates are greater than 0.956. That is, using the approach, informative blocks (news articles) of these sites can be automatically separated from semantically redundant contents such as advertisements, banners, navigation panels, news categories, etc. By adopting InfoDiscoverer as the preprocessor of information retrieval and extraction applications, the retrieval and extracting precision will be increased, and the indexing size and extracting complexity will also be reduced.	Discovering informative content blocks from Web documents	NA:NA	2018
Bertis B. Little:Walter L. Johnston:Ashley C. Lovell:Roderick M. Rejesus:Steve A. Steed	This paper quantitatively analyzes indicators of Agent (policy seller), Adjuster (indemnity claim adjuster), Producer (policy purchaser/holder) indemnity behavior suggestive of collusion in the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Risk Management Agency (RMA) national crop insurance program. According to guidance from the federal law and using six indicator variables of indemnity behavior, those entities equal to or exceeding 150% of the county mean (computed using a simple jackknife procedure) on all entity-relevant indicators were flagged as "anomalous." Log linear analysis was used to test (I) hierarchical node-node arrangements and (2) a non-recursive model of node information sharing. Chi-square distributed deviance statistic identified the optimal log linear model. The results of the applied data mining technique used here suggest that the non-recursive triplet and Agent-producer doublet collusion probabilistically accounts for the greatest proportion of waste, fraud, and abuse in the federal crop insurance program. Triplet and Agent-producer doublets need detailed investigation for possible collusion. Hence, this data mining technique provided a high level of confidence when 24 million records were quantitatively analyzed for possible fraud, waste, or other abuse of the crop insurance program administered by the USDA RMA, and suspect entities reported to USDA. This data mining technique can be applied where vast amounts of data are available to detect patterns of collusion or conspiracy as may be of interest to the criminal justice or intelligence agencies.	Collusion in the U.S. crop insurance program: applied data mining	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rey-Long Liu:Yun-Ling Lu	Automatic document classification (DC) is essential for the management of information and knowledge. This paper explores two practical issues in DC: (1) each document has its context of discussion, and (2) both the content and vocabulary of the document database is intrinsically evolving. The issues call for adaptive document classification (ADC) that adapts a DC system to the evolving contextual requirement of each document category, so that input documents may be classified based on their contexts of discussion. We present an incremental context mining technique to tackle the challenges of ADC. Theoretical analyses and empirical results show that, given a text hierarchy, the mining technique is efficient in incrementally maintaining the evolving contextual requirement of each category. Based on the contextual requirements mined by the system, higher-precision DC may be achieved with better efficiency.	Incremental context mining for adaptive document classification	NA:NA	2018
Anna Olecka	In this paper, we focus on methodology of finding a classifier with a minimal cost in presence of additional performance constraints. ROCCH analysis, where accuracy and cost are intertwined in the solution space, was a revolutionary tool for two-class problems. We propose an alternative formulation, as an optimization problem, commonly used in Operations Research. This approach extends the ROCCH analysis to allow for locating optimal solutions while outside constraints are present. Similarly to the ROCCH analysis, we combine cost and class distribution while defining the objective function. Rather than focusing on slopes of the edges in the convex hull of the solution space, however, we treat cost as an objective function to be minimized over the solution space, by selecting the best performing classifier(s) (one or more vertex in the solution space). The Linear Programming framework provides a theoretical and computational methodology for finding the vertex (classifier) which minimizes the objective function.	Evaluating classifiers' performance in a constrained environment	NA	2018
Patrick Pantel:Dekang Lin	Inventories of manually compiled dictionaries usually serve as a source for word senses. However, they often include many rare senses while missing corpus/domain-specific senses. We present a clustering algorithm called CBC (Clustering By Committee) that automatically discovers word senses from text. It initially discovers a set of tight clusters called committees that are well scattered in the similarity space. The centroid of the members of a committee is used as the feature vector of the cluster. We proceed by assigning words to their most similar clusters. After assigning an element to a cluster, we remove their overlapping features from the element. This allows CBC to discover the less frequent senses of a word and to avoid discovering duplicate senses. Each cluster that a word belongs to represents one of its senses. We also present an evaluation methodology for automatically measuring the precision and recall of discovered senses.	Discovering word senses from text	NA:NA	2018
Bhavani Raskutti:Herman Ferrá:Adam Kowalczyk	In this paper, we present a new co-training strategy that makes use of unlabelled data. It trains two predictors in parallel, with each predictor labelling the unlabelled data for training the other predictor in the next round. Both predictors are support vector machines, one trained using data from the original feature space, the other trained with new features that are derived by clustering both the labelled and unlabelled data. Hence, unlike standard co-training methods, our method does not require a priori the existence of two redundant views either of which can be used for classification, nor is it dependent on the availability of two different supervised learning algorithms that complement each other.We evaluated our method with two classifiers and three text benchmarks: WebKB, Reuters newswire articles and 20 NewsGroups. Our evaluation shows that our co-training technique improves text classification accuracy especially when the number of labelled examples are very few.	Combining clustering and co-training to enhance text classification using unlabelled data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Naonori Ueda:Kazumi Saito	In this paper, we address the problem of detecting multiple topics or categories of text where each text is not assumed to belong to one of a number of mutually exclusive categories. Conventionally, the binary classification approach has been employed, in which whether or not text belongs to a category is judged by the binary classifier for every category. In this paper, we propose a more sophisticated approach to simultaneously detect multiple categories of text using parametric mixture models (PMMs), newly presented in this paper. PMMs are probabilistic generative models for text that has multiple categories. Our PMMs are essentially different from the conventional mixture of multinomial distributions in the sense that in the former several basis multinomial parameters are mixed in the parameter space, while in the latter several multinomial components are mixed. We derive efficient learning algorithms for PMMs within the framework of the maximum a posteriori estimate. We also empirically show that our method can outperform the conventional binary approach when applied to multitopic detection of World Wide Web pages, focusing on those from the "yahoo.com" domain.	Single-shot detection of multiple categories of text using parametric mixture models	NA:NA	2018
Secil Ugurel:Robert Krovetz:C. Lee Giles	There are various source code archives on the World Wide Web. These archives are usually organized by application categories and programming languages. However, manually organizing source code repositories is not a trivial task since they grow rapidly and are very large (on the order of terabytes). We demonstrate machine learning methods for automatic classification of archived source code into eleven application topics and ten programming languages. For topical classification, we concentrate on C and C++ programs from the Ibiblio and the Sourceforge archives. Support vector machine (SVM) classifiers are trained on examples of a given programming language or programs in a specified category. We show that source code can be accurately and automatically classified into topical categories and can be identified to be in a specific programming language class.	What's the code?: automatic classification of source code archives	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jaideep Vaidya:Chris Clifton	Privacy considerations often constrain data mining projects. This paper addresses the problem of association rule mining where transactions are distributed across sources. Each site holds some attributes of each transaction, and the sites wish to collaborate to identify globally valid association rules. However, the sites must not reveal individual transaction data. We present a two-party algorithm for efficiently discovering frequent itemsets with minimum support levels, without either site revealing individual transaction values.	Privacy preserving association rule mining in vertically partitioned data	NA:NA	2018
Michail Vlachos:Carlotta Domeniconi:Dimitrios Gunopulos:George Kollios:Nick Koudas	In this paper we address the issue of using local embeddings for data visualization in two and three dimensions, and for classification. We advocate their use on the basis that they provide an efficient mapping procedure from the original dimension of the data, to a lower intrinsic dimension. We depict how they can accurately capture the user's perception of similarity in high-dimensional data for visualization purposes. Moreover, we exploit the low-dimensional mapping provided by these embeddings, to develop new classification techniques, and we show experimentally that the classification accuracy is comparable (albeit using fewer dimensions) to a number of other classification procedures.	Non-linear dimensionality reduction techniques for classification and visualization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ke Wang:Ming-Yen Thomas Su	A fundamental problem in business and other applications is ranking items with respect to some notion of profit based on historical transactions. The difficulty is that the profit of one item not only comes from its own sales, but also from its influence on the sales of other items, i.e., the "cross-selling effect". In this paper, we draw an analogy between this influence and the mutual reinforcement of hub/authority web pages. Based on this analogy, we present a novel approach to the item ranking problem.We apply this ranking approach to solve two selection problems. In size-constrained selection, the maximum number of items that can be selected is fixed. In cost-constrained selection, there is no maximum number of items to be selected, but there is some cost associated with the selection of each item. In both cases, the question is what items should be selected to maximize the profit. Empirically, we show that this method finds profitable items in the presence of cross-selling effect.	Item selection by "hub-authority" profit ranking	NA:NA	2018
V. Ćurčin:M. Ghanem:Y. Guo:M. Köhler:A. Rowe:J. Syed:P. Wendel	This paper provides a blueprint for constructing collaborative and distributed knowledge discovery systems within Grid-based computing environments. The need for such systems is driven by the quest for sharing knowledge, information and computing resources within the boundaries of single large distributed organisations or within complex Virtual Organisations (VO) created to tackle specific projects. The proposed architecture is built on top of a resource federation management layer and is composed of a set of different resources. We show how this architecture will behave during a typical KDD process design and deployment, how it enables the execution of complex and distributed data mining tasks with high performance and how it provides a community of e-scientists with means to collaborate, retrieve and reuse both KDD algorithms, discovery processes and knowledge in a visual analytical environment.	Discovery net: towards a grid of knowledge discovery	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leejay Wu:Christos Faloutsos	Existing axis scaling and dimensionality methods focus on preserving structure, usually determined via the Euclidean distance. In other words, they inherently assume that the Euclidean distance is already correct. We instead propose a novel nonlinear approach driven by an information-theoretic viewpoint, which we show is also strongly linked to intrinsic dimensionality, or degrees of freedom; and uniformity. Nonlinear transformations based on common probability distributions, combined with information-driven selection, simultaneously reduce the number of dimensions required and increase the value of those we retain. Experiments on real data confirm that this approach reveals correlations, finds novel attributes, and scales well.	Making every bit count: fast nonlinear axis scaling	NA:NA	2018
Xintao Wu:Jianping Fan:Kalpathi R. Subramanian	This paper investigates the problem of augmenting labeled data with unlabeled data to improve classification accuracy. This is significant for many applications such as image classification where obtaining classification labels is expensive, while large unlabeled examples are easily available. We investigate an Expectation Maximization (EM) algorithm for learning from labeled and unlabeled data. The reason why unlabeled data boosts learning accuracy is because it provides the information about the joint probability distribution. A theoretical argument shows that the more unlabeled examples are combined in learning, the more accurate the result. We then introduce B-EM algorithm, based on the combination of EM with bootstrap method, to exploit the large unlabeled data while avoiding prohibitive I/O cost. Experimental results over both synthetic and real data sets that the proposed approach has a satisfactory performance.	B-EM: a classifier incorporating bootstrap with EM approach for data mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kenji Yamanishi:Jun-ichi Takeuchi	We are concerned with the issues of outlier detection and change point detection from a data stream. In the area of data mining, there have been increased interest in these issues since the former is related to fraud detection, rare event discovery, etc., while the latter is related to event/trend by change detection, activity monitoring, etc. Specifically, it is important to consider the situation where the data source is non-stationary, since the nature of data source may change over time in real applications. Although in most previous work outlier detection and change point detection have not been related explicitly, this paper presents a unifying framework for dealing with both of them on the basis of the theory of on-line learning of non-stationary time series. In this framework a probabilistic model of the data source is incrementally learned using an on-line discounting learning algorithm, which can track the changing data source adaptively by forgetting the effect of past data gradually. Then the score for any given data is calculated to measure its deviation from the learned model, with a higher score indicating a high possibility of being an outlier. Further change points in a data stream are detected by applying this scoring method into a time series of moving averaged losses for prediction using the learned model. Specifically we develop an efficient algorithms for on-line discounting learning of auto-regression models from time series data, and demonstrate the validity of our framework through simulation and experimental applications to stock market data analysis.	A unifying framework for detecting outliers and change points from non-stationary time series data	NA:NA	2018
Yiling Yang:Xudong Guan:Jinyuan You	This paper studies the problem of categorical data clustering, especially for transactional data characterized by high dimensionality and large volume. Starting from a heuristic method of increasing the height-to-width ratio of the cluster histogram, we develop a novel algorithm -- CLOPE, which is very fast and scalable, while being quite effective. We demonstrate the performance of our algorithm on two real world datasets, and compare CLOPE with the state-of-art algorithms.	CLOPE: a fast and effective clustering algorithm for transactional data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yiming Yang:Jian Zhang:Jaime Carbonell:Chun Jin	Automated detection of the first document reporting each new event in temporally-sequenced streams of documents is an open challenge. In this paper we propose a new approach which addresses this problem in two stages: 1) using a supervised learning algorithm to classify the on-line document stream into pre-defined broad topic categories, and 2) performing topic-conditioned novelty detection for documents in each topic. We also focus on exploiting named-entities for event-level novelty detection and using feature-based heuristics derived from the topic histories. Evaluating these methods using a set of broadcast news stories, our results show substantial performance gains over the traditional one-level approach to the novelty detection problem.	Topic-conditioned novelty detection	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jim Gray	NA	On-line science: the world-wide telescope as a prototype for the new computational science	NA	2018
Daphne Koller	NA	Statistical learning from relational data	NA	2018
Andreas S. Weigend	NA	Analyzing customer behavior at Amazon.com	NA	2018
Charu C. Aggarwal	Distance function computation is a key subtask in many data mining algorithms and applications. The most effective form of the distance function can only be expressed in the context of a particular data domain. It is also often a challenging and non-trivial task to find the most effective form of the distance function. For example, in the text domain, distance function design has been considered such an important and complex issue that it has been the focus of intensive research over three decades. The final design of distance functions in this domain has been reached only by detailed empirical testing and consensus over the quality of results provided by the different variations. With the increasing ability to collect data in an automated way, the number of new kinds of data continues to increase rapidly. This makes it increasingly difficult to undertake such efforts for each and every new data type. The most important aspect of distance function design is that since a human is the end-user for any application, the design must satisfy the user requirements with regard to effectiveness. This creates the need for a systematic framework to design distance functions which are sensitive to the particular characteristics of the data domain. In this paper, we discuss such a framework. The goal is to create distance functions in an automated waywhile minimizing the work required from the user. We will show that this framework creates distance functions which are significantly more effective than popularly used functions such as the Euclidean metric.	Towards systematic design of distance functions for data mining applications	NA	2018
Arindam Banerjee:Inderjit Dhillon:Joydeep Ghosh:Suvrit Sra	High dimensional directional data is becoming increasingly important in contemporary applications such as analysis of text and gene-expression data. A natural model for multi-variate directional data is provided by the von Mises-Fisher (vMF) distribution on the unit hypersphere that is analogous to the multi-variate Gaussian distribution in Rd. In this paper, we propose modeling complex directional data as a mixture of vMF distributions. We derive and analyze two variants of the Expectation Maximization (EM) framework for estimating the parameters of this mixture. We also propose two clustering algorithms corresponding to these variants. An interesting aspect of our methodology is that the spherical kmeans algorithm (kmeans with cosine similarity) can be shown to be a special case of both our algorithms. Thus, modeling text data by vMF distributions lends theoretical validity to the use of cosine similarity which has been widely used by the information retrieval community. As part of experimental validation, we present results on modeling high-dimensional text and gene-expression data as a mixture of vMF distributions. The results indicate that our approach yields superior clusterings especially for difficult clustering tasks in high-dimensional spaces.	Generative model-based clustering of directional data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephen D. Bay:Mark Schwabacher	Defining outliers by their distance to neighboring examples is a popular approach to finding unusual examples in a data set. Recently, much work has been conducted with the goal of finding fast algorithms for this task. We show that a simple nested loop algorithm that in the worst case is quadratic can give near linear time performance when the data is in random order and a simple pruning rule is used. We test our algorithm on real high-dimensional data sets with millions of examples and show that the near linear scaling holds over several orders of magnitude. Our average case analysis suggests that much of the efficiency is because the time to process non-outliers, which are the majority of examples, does not depend on the size of the data set.	Mining distance-based outliers in near linear time with randomization and a simple pruning rule	NA:NA	2018
Mikhail Bilenko:Raymond J. Mooney	The problem of identifying approximately duplicate records in databases is an essential step for data cleaning and data integration processes. Most existing approaches have relied on generic or manually tuned distance metrics for estimating the similarity of potential duplicates. In this paper, we present a framework for improving duplicate detection using trainable measures of textual similarity. We propose to employ learnable text distance functions for each database field, and show that such measures are capable of adapting to the specific notion of similarity that is appropriate for the field's domain. We present two learnable text similarity measures suitable for this task: an extended variant of learnable string edit distance, and a novel vector-space based measure that employs a Support Vector Machine (SVM) for training. Experimental results on a range of datasets show that our framework can improve duplicate detection accuracy over traditional techniques.	Adaptive duplicate detection using learnable string similarity measures	NA:NA	2018
Richard J. Bolton:Niall M. Adams	Pattern discovery has emerged as a direct result of increased data storage and analytic capabilities available to the data analyst. Without a massive amount of data, we do not have the evidence to support the discovery of the local deterministic structures that we call patterns. As such, pattern discovery is one of the few areas of data mining that cannot be considered simply as a 'scaling-up' of current statistical methodology to analyze large data sets. However, the philosophies of hypothesis testing and modeling in traditional statistics do lend themselves to forming a framework for pattern discovery, and we can also draw from ideas relating to outlier discovery and residual analysis to discover patterns. We illustrate an iterative strategy in a statistical framework by way of its application to one simulated and two real data sets.	An iterative hypothesis-testing strategy for pattern discovery	NA:NA	2018
Hervé Brönnimann:Bin Chen:Manoranjan Dash:Peter Haas:Peter Scheuermann	A variety of mining and analysis problems --- ranging from association-rule discovery to contingency table analysis to materialization of certain approximate datacubes --- involve the extraction of knowledge from a set of categorical count data. Such data can be viewed as a collection of "transactions," where a transaction is a fixed-length vector of counts. Classical algorithms for solving count-data problems require one or more computationally intensive passes over the entire database and can be prohibitively slow. One effective method for dealing with this ever-worsening scalability problem is to run the algorithms on a small sample of the data. We present a new data-reduction algorithm, called EASE, for producing such a sample. Like the FAST algorithm introduced by Chen et al., EASE is especially designed for count data applications. Both EASE and FAST take a relatively large initial random sample and then deterministically produce a subsample whose "distance" --- appropriately defined --- from the complete database is minimal. Unlike FAST, which obtains the final subsample by quasi-greedy descent, EASE uses epsilon-approximation methods to obtain the final subsample by a process of repeated halving. Experiments both in the context of association rule mining and classical χ2 contingency-table analysis show that EASE outperforms both FAST and simple random sampling, sometimes dramatically.	Efficient data reduction with EASE	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alain Casali:Rosine Cicchetti:Lotfi Lakhal	In this paper we propose a lattice-based approach intended for extracting semantics from datacubes: borders of version spaces for supervised classification, closed cube lattice to summarize the semantics of datacubes w.r.t. COUNT, SUM, and covering graph of the quotient cube as a visualization tool of minimal multidimensional associations. With this intention, we introduce two novel concepts: the cube transversals and the cube closures over the cube lattice of a categorical database relation. We propose a levelwise merging algorithm for mining minimal cube transversals with a single database scan. We introduce the cube connection, show that it is a Galois connection and derive a closure operator over the cube lattice. Using cube transversals and closures, we define a new characterization of boundary sets which provide a condensed representation of version spaces used to enhance supervised classification. The algorithm designed for computing such borders improves the complexity of previous proposals. We also introduce the concept of closed cube lattice and show that it is isomorph to on one hand the Galois lattice and on the other hand the quotient cube w.r.t. COUNT, SUM. Proposed in [16], the quotient cube is a succinct summary of a datacube preserving the Rollup/Drilldown semantics. We show that the quotient cube w.r.t. COUNT, SUM and the closed cube lattice have a similar expression power but the latter has the smallest possible size. Finally we focus on the multidimensional association issue and introduce the covering graph of the quotient cube which provides the user with a visualization tool of minimal multidimensional associations.	Extracting semantics from data cubes using cube transversals and closures	NA:NA:NA	2018
Darya Chudova:Scott Gaffney:Eric Mjolsness:Padhraic Smyth	In this paper we present a family of algorithms that can simultaneously align and cluster sets of multidimensional curves defined on a discrete time grid. Our approach uses the Expectation-Maximization (EM) algorithm to recover both the mean curve shapes for each cluster, and the most likely shifts, offsets, and cluster memberships for each curve. We demonstrate how Bayesian estimation methods can improve the results for small sample sizes by enforcing smoothness in the cluster mean curves. We evaluate the methodology on two real-world data sets, time-course gene expression data and storm trajectory data. Experimental results show that models that incorporate curve alignment systematically provide improvements in predictive power and within-cluster variance on test data sets. The proposed approach provides a non-parametric, computationally efficient, and robust methodology for clustering broad classes of curve data.	Translation-invariant mixture models for curve clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Inderjit S. Dhillon:Subramanyam Mallela:Dharmendra S. Modha	Two-dimensional contingency or co-occurrence tables arise frequently in important applications such as text, web-log and market-basket data analysis. A basic problem in contingency table analysis is co-clustering: simultaneous clustering of the rows and columns. A novel theoretical formulation views the contingency table as an empirical joint probability distribution of two discrete random variables and poses the co-clustering problem as an optimization problem in information theory---the optimal co-clustering maximizes the mutual information between the clustered random variables subject to constraints on the number of row and column clusters. We present an innovative co-clustering algorithm that monotonically increases the preserved mutual information by intertwining both the row and column clusterings at all stages. Using the practical example of simultaneous word-document clustering, we demonstrate that our algorithm works well in practice, especially in the presence of sparsity and high-dimensionality.	Information-theoretic co-clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
M. Eirinaki:M. Vazirgiannis:I. Varlamis	Web personalization is the process of customizing a Web site to the needs of each specific user or set of users, taking advantage of the knowledge acquired through the analysis of the user's navigational behavior. Integrating usage data with content, structure or user profile data enhances the results of the personalization process. In this paper, we present SEWeP, a system that makes use of both the usage logs and the semantics of a Web site's content in order to personalize it. Web content is semantically annotated using a conceptual hierarchy (taxonomy). We introduce C-logs, an extended form of Web usage logs that encapsulates knowledge derived from the link semantics. C-logs are used as input to the Web usage mining process, resulting in a broader yet semantically focused set of recommendations.	SEWeP: using site semantics and a taxonomy to enhance the Web personalization process	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mohammad El-Hajj:Osmar R. Zaïane	Existing association rule mining algorithms suffer from many problems when mining massive transactional datasets. One major problem is the high memory dependency: either the gigantic data structure built is assumed to fit in main memory, or the recursive mining process is too voracious in memory resources. Another major impediment is the repetitive and interactive nature of any knowledge discovery process. To tune parameters, many runs of the same algorithms are necessary leading to the building of these huge data structures time and again. This paper proposes a new disk-based association rule mining algorithm called Inverted Matrix, which achieves its efficiency by applying three new ideas. First, transactional data is converted into a new database layout called Inverted Matrix that prevents multiple scanning of the database during the mining phase, in which finding frequent patterns could be achieved in less than a full scan with random access. Second, for each frequent item, a relatively small independent tree is built summarizing co-occurrences. Finally, a simple and non-recursive mining process reduces the memory requirements as minimum candidacy generation and counting is needed. Experimental studies reveal that our Inverted Matrix approach outperform FP-Tree especially in mining very large transactional databases with a very large number of unique items. Our random access disk-based approach is particularly advantageous in a repetitive and interactive setting.	Inverted matrix: efficient discovery of frequent items in large datasets in the context of interactive mining	NA:NA	2018
Oren Etzioni:Rattapoom Tuchinda:Craig A. Knoblock:Alexander Yates	As product prices become increasingly available on the World Wide Web, consumers attempt to understand how corporations vary these prices over time. However, corporations change prices based on proprietary algorithms and hidden variables (e.g., the number of unsold seats on a flight). Is it possible to develop data mining techniques that will enable consumers to predict price changes under these conditions?This paper reports on a pilot study in the domain of airline ticket prices where we recorded over 12,000 price observations over a 41 day period. When trained on this data, Hamlet --- our multi-strategy data mining algorithm --- generated a predictive model that saved 341 simulated passengers $198,074 by advising them when to buy and when to postpone ticket purchases. Remarkably, a clairvoyant algorithm with complete knowledge of future prices could save at most $320,572 in our simulation, thus HAMLET's savings were 61.8% of optimal. The algorithm's savings of $198,074 represents an average savings of 23.8% for the 341 passengers for whom savings are possible. Overall, HAMLET saved 4.4% of the ticket price averaged over the entire set of 4,488 simulated passengers. Our pilot study suggests that mining of price data available over the web has the potential to save consumers substantial sums of money per annum.	To buy or not to buy: mining airfare data to minimize ticket purchase price	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aristides Gionis:Teija Kujala:Heikki Mannila	High-dimensional collections of 0--1 data occur in many applications. The attributes in such data sets are typically considered to be unordered. However, in many cases there is a natural total or partial order ≺ underlying the variables of the data set. Examples of variables for which such orders exist include terms in documents, courses in enrollment data, and paleontological sites in fossil data collections. The observations in such applications are flat, unordered sets; however, the data sets respect the underlying ordering of the variables. By this we mean that if A ≺ B ≺ C are three variables respecting the underlying ordering ≺, and both of variables A and C appear in an observation, then, up to noise levels, variable B also appears in this observation. Similarly, if A1 ≺ A2 ≺ … ≺ Al-1 ≺ Ai is a longer sequence of variables, we do not expect to see many observations for which there are indices i < j < k such that Ai and Ak occur in the observation but Aj does not.In this paper we study the problem of discovering fragments of orders of variables implicit in collections of unordered observations. We define measures that capture how well a given order agrees with the observed data. We describe a simple and efficient algorithm for finding all the fragments that satisfy certain conditions. We also discuss the sometimes necessary postprocessing for selecting only the best fragments of order. Also, we relate our method with a sequencing approach that uses a spectral algorithm, and with the consecutive ones problem. We present experimental results on some real data sets (author lists of database papers, exam results data, and paleontological data).	Fragments of order	NA:NA:NA	2018
David Kempe:Jon Kleinberg:Éva Tardos	Models for the processes by which ideas and influence propagate through a social network have been studied in a number of domains, including the diffusion of medical and technological innovations, the sudden and widespread adoption of various strategies in game-theoretic settings, and the effects of "word of mouth" in the promotion of new products. Recently, motivated by the design of viral marketing strategies, Domingos and Richardson posed a fundamental algorithmic problem for such social network processes: if we can try to convince a subset of individuals to adopt a new product or innovation, and the goal is to trigger a large cascade of further adoptions, which set of individuals should we target?We consider this problem in several of the most widely studied models in social network analysis. The optimization problem of selecting the most influential nodes is NP-hard here, and we provide the first provable approximation guarantees for efficient algorithms. Using an analysis framework based on submodular functions, we show that a natural greedy strategy obtains a solution that is provably within 63% of optimal for several classes of models; our framework suggests a general approach for reasoning about the performance guarantees of algorithms for these types of influence problems in social networks.We also provide computational experiments on large collaboration networks, showing that in addition to their provable guarantees, our approximation algorithms significantly out-perform node-selection heuristics based on the well-studied notions of degree centrality and distance centrality from the field of social networks.	Maximizing the spread of influence through a social network	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mehmet Koyutürk:Ananth Grama	This paper presents an efficient framework for error-bounded compression of high-dimensional discrete attributed datasets. Such datasets, which frequently arise in a wide variety of applications, pose some of the most significant challenges in data analysis. Subsampling and compression are two key technologies for analyzing these datasets. PROXIMUS provides a technique for reducing large datasets into a much smaller set of representative patterns, on which traditional (expensive) analysis algorithms can be applied with minimal loss of accuracy. We show desirable properties of PROXIMUS in terms of runtime, scalability to large datasets, and performance in terms of capability to represent data in a compact form. We also demonstrate applications of PROXIMUS in association rule mining. In doing so, we establish PROXIMUS as a tool for preprocessing data before applying computationally expensive algorithms or as a tool for directly extracting correlated patterns. Our experimental results show that use of the compressed data for association rule mining provides excellent precision and recall values (near 100%) across a range of support thresholds while reducing the time required for association rule mining drastically.	PROXIMUS: a framework for analyzing very high dimensional discrete-attributed datasets	NA:NA	2018
Elias Pampalk:Werner Goebl:Gerhard Widmer	Using visualization techniques to explore and understand high-dimensional data is an efficient way to combine human intelligence with the immense brute force computation power available nowadays. Several visualization techniques have been developed to study the cluster structure of data, i.e., the existence of distinctive groups in the data and how these clusters are related to each other. However, only few of these techniques lend themselves to studying how this structure changes if the features describing the data are changed. Understanding this relationship between the features and the cluster structure means understanding the features themselves and is thus a useful tool in the feature extraction phase.In this paper we present a novel approach to visualizing how modification of the features with respect to weighting or normalization changes the cluster structure. We demonstrate the application of our approach in two music related data mining projects.	Visualizing changes in the structure of data for exploratory feature selection	NA:NA:NA	2018
Claudia Perlich:Foster Provost	Model induction from relational data requires aggregation of the values of attributes of related entities. This paper makes three contributions to the study of relational learning. (1) It presents a hierarchy of relational concepts of increasing complexity, using relational schema characteristics such as cardinality, and derives classes of aggregation operators that are needed to learn these concepts. (2) Expanding one level of the hierarchy, it introduces new aggregation operators that model the distributions of the values to be aggregated and (for classification problems) the differences in these distributions by class. (3) It demonstrates empirically on a noisy business domain that more-complex aggregation methods can increase generalization performance. Constructing features using target-dependent aggregations can transform relational prediction tasks so that well-understood feature-vector-based modeling algorithms can be applied successfully.	Aggregation-based feature invention and relational concept classes	NA:NA	2018
Sunita Sarawagi:Soumen Chakrabarti:Shantanu Godbole	Classification is a well-established operation in text mining. Given a set of labels A and a set DA of training documents tagged with these labels, a classifier learns to assign labels to unlabeled test documents. Suppose we also had available a different set of labels B, together with a set of documents DB marked with labels from B. If A and B have some semantic overlap, can the availability of DB help us build a better classifier for A, and vice versa? We answer this question in the affirmative by proposing cross-training: a new approach to semi-supervised learning in presence of multiple label sets. We give distributional and discriminative algorithms for cross-training and show, through extensive experiments, that cross-training can discover and exploit probabilistic relations between two taxonomies for more accurate classification.	Cross-training: learning probabilistic mappings between topics	NA:NA:NA	2018
Somayajulu G. Sripada:Ehud Reiter:Jim Hunter:Jin Yu	We are developing technology for generating English textual summaries of time-series data, in three domains: weather forecasts, gas-turbine sensor readings, and hospital intensive care data. Our weather-forecast generator is currently operational and being used daily by a meteorological company. We generate summaries in three steps: (a) selecting the most important trends and patterns to communicate; (b) mapping these patterns onto words and phrases; and (c) generating actual texts based on these words and phrases. In this paper we focus on the first step, (a), selecting the information to communicate, and describe how we perform this using modified versions of standard data analysis algorithms such as segmentation. The modifications arose out of empirical work with users and domain experts, and in fact can all be regarded as applications of the Gricean maxims of Quality, Quantity, Relevance, and Manner, which describe how a cooperative speaker should behave in order to help a hearer correctly interpret a text. The Gricean maxims are perhaps a key element of adapting data analysis algorithms for effective communication of information to human users, and should be considered by other researchers interested in communicating data to human users.	Generating English summaries of time series data using the Gricean maxims	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeremy Tantrum:Alejandro Murua:Werner Stuetzle	The goal of clustering is to identify distinct groups in a dataset. The basic idea of model-based clustering is to approximate the data density by a mixture model, typically a mixture of Gaussians, and to estimate the parameters of the component densities, the mixing fractions, and the number of components from the data. The number of distinct groups in the data is then taken to be the number of mixture components, and the observations are partitioned into clusters (estimates of the groups) using Bayes' rule. If the groups are well separated and look Gaussian, then the resulting clusters will indeed tend to be "distinct" in the most common sense of the word - contiguous, densely populated areas of feature space, separated by contiguous, relatively empty regions. If the groups are not Gaussian, however, this correspondence may break down; an isolated group with a non-elliptical distribution, for example, may be modeled by not one, but several mixture components, and the corresponding clusters will no longer be well separated. We present methods for assessing the degree of separation between the components of a mixture model and between the corresponding clusters. We also propose a new clustering method that can be regarded as a hybrid between model-based and nonparametric clustering. The hybrid clustering algorithm prunes the cluster tree generated by hierarchical model-based clustering. Starting with the tree corresponding to the mixture model chosen by the Bayesian Information Criterion, it progressively merges clusters that do not appear to correspond to different modes of the data density.	Assessment and pruning of hierarchical model based clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jaideep Vaidya:Chris Clifton	Privacy and security concerns can prevent sharing of data, derailing data mining projects. Distributed knowledge discovery, if done correctly, can alleviate this problem. The key is to obtain valid results, while providing guarantees on the (non)disclosure of data. We present a method for k-means clustering when different sites contain different attributes for a common set of entities. Each site learns the cluster of each entity, but learns nothing about the attributes at other sites.	Privacy-preserving k-means clustering over vertically partitioned data	NA:NA	2018
Michail Vlachos:Marios Hadjieleftheriou:Dimitrios Gunopulos:Eamonn Keogh	Although most time-series data mining research has concentrated on providing solutions for a single distance function, in this work we motivate the need for a single index structure that can support multiple distance measures. Our specific area of interest is the efficient retrieval and analysis of trajectory similarities. Trajectory datasets are very common in environmental applications, mobility experiments, video surveillance and are especially important for the discovery of certain biological patterns. Our primary similarity measure is based on the Longest Common Subsequence (LCSS) model, that offers enhanced robustness, particularly for noisy data, which are encountered very often in real world applications. However, our index is able to accommodate other distance measures as well, including the ubiquitous Euclidean distance, and the increasingly popular Dynamic Time Warping (DTW). While other researchers have advocated one or other of these similarity measures, a major contribution of our work is the ability to support all these measures without the need to restructure the index. Our framework guarantees no false dismissals and can also be tailored to provide much faster response time at the expense of slightly reduced precision/recall. The experimental results demonstrate that our index can help speed-up the computation of expensive similarity measures such as the LCSS and the DTW.	Indexing multi-dimensional time-series with support for multiple distance measures	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Haixun Wang:Wei Fan:Philip S. Yu:Jiawei Han	Recently, mining data streams with concept drifts for actionable insights has become an important and challenging task for a wide range of applications including credit card fraud protection, target marketing, network intrusion detection, etc. Conventional knowledge discovery tools are facing two challenges, the overwhelming volume of the streaming data, and the concept drifts. In this paper, we propose a general framework for mining concept-drifting data streams using weighted ensemble classifiers. We train an ensemble of classification models, such as C4.5, RIPPER, naive Beyesian, etc., from sequential chunks of the data stream. The classifiers in the ensemble are judiciously weighted based on their expected classification accuracy on the test data under the time-evolving environment. Thus, the ensemble approach improves both the efficiency in learning the model and the accuracy in performing classification. Our empirical study shows that the proposed methods have substantial advantage over single-classifier approaches in prediction accuracy, and the ensemble framework is effective for a variety of classification models.	Mining concept-drifting data streams using ensemble classifiers	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jianyong Wang:Jiawei Han:Jian Pei	Mining frequent closed itemsets provides complete and non-redundant results for frequent pattern analysis. Extensive studies have proposed various strategies for efficient frequent closed itemset mining, such as depth-first search vs. breadthfirst search, vertical formats vs. horizontal formats, tree-structure vs. other data structures, top-down vs. bottom-up traversal, pseudo projection vs. physical projection of conditional database, etc. It is the right time to ask "what are the pros and cons of the strategies?" and "what and how can we pick and integrate the best strategies to achieve higher performance in general cases?"In this study, we answer the above questions by a systematic study of the search strategies and develop a winning algorithm CLOSET+. CLOSET+ integrates the advantages of the previously proposed effective strategies as well as some ones newly developed here. A thorough performance study on synthetic and real data sets has shown the advantages of the strategies and the improvement of CLOSET+ over existing mining algorithms, including CLOSET, CHARM and OP, in terms of runtime, memory usage and scalability.	CLOSET+: searching for the best strategies for mining frequent closed itemsets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ke Wang:Yuelong Jiang:Laks V. S. Lakshmanan	Unexpected rules are interesting because they are either previously unknown or deviate from what prior user knowledge would suggest. In this paper, we study three important issues that have been previously ignored in mining unexpected rules. First, the unexpectedness of a rule depends on how the user prefers to apply the prior knowledge to a given scenario, in addition to the knowledge itself. Second, the prior knowledge should be considered right from the start to focus the search on unexpected rules. Third, the unexpectedness of a rule depends on what other rules the user has seen so far. Thus, only rules that remain unexpected given what the user has seen should be considered interesting. We develop an approach that addresses all three problems above and evaluate it by means of experiments focusing on finding interesting rules.	Mining unexpected rules by pushing user dynamics	NA:NA:NA	2018
Geoffrey I. Webb:Shane Butler:Douglas Newlands	Understanding the differences between contrasting groups is a fundamental task in data analysis. This realization has led to the development of a new special purpose data mining technique, contrast-set mining. We undertook a study with a retail collaborator to compare contrast-set mining with existing rule-discovery techniques. To our surprise we observed that straightforward application of an existing commercial rule-discovery system, Magnum Opus, could successfully perform the contrast-set-mining task. This led to the realization that contrast-set mining is a special case of the more general rule-discovery task. We present the results of our study together with a proof of this conclusion.	On detecting differences between groups	NA:NA:NA	2018
Scott White:Padhraic Smyth	Large and complex graphs representing relationships among sets of entities are an increasingly common focus of interest in data analysis---examples include social networks, Web graphs, telecommunication networks, and biological networks. In interactive analysis of such data a natural query is "which entities are most important in the network relative to a particular individual or set of individuals?" We investigate the problem of answering such queries in this paper, focusing in particular on defining and computing the importance of nodes in a graph relative to one or more root nodes. We define a general framework and a number of different algorithms, building on ideas from social networks, graph theory, Markov models, and Web graph analysis. We experimentally evaluate the different properties of these algorithms on toy graphs and demonstrate how our approach can be used to study relative importance in real-world networks including a network of interactions among September 11th terrorists, a network of collaborative research in biotechnology among companies and universities, and a network of co-authorship relationships among computer science researchers.	Algorithms for estimating relative importance in networks	NA:NA	2018
Xintao Wu:Daniel Barbará:Yong Ye	Association rules have received a lot of attention in the data mining community since their introduction. The classical approach to find rules whose items enjoy high support (appear in a lot of the transactions in the data set) is, however, filled with shortcomings. It has been shown that support can be misleading as an indicator of how interesting the rule is. Alternative measures, such as lift, have been proposed. More recently, a paper by DuMouchel et al. proposed the use of all-two-factor loglinear models to discover sets of items that cannot be explained by pairwise associations between the items involved. This approach, however, has its limitations, since it stops short of considering higher order interactions (other than pairwise) among the items. In this paper, we propose a method that examines the parameters of the fitted loglinear models to find all the significant association patterns among the items. Since fitting loglinear models for large data sets can be computationally prohibitive, we apply graph-theoretical results to divide the original set of items into components (sets of items) that are statistically independent from each other. We then apply loglinear modeling to each of the components and find the interesting associations among items in them. The technique is experimentally evaluated with a real data set (insurance data) and a series of synthetic data sets. The results show that the technique is effective in finding interesting associations among the items involved.	Screening and interpreting multi-item associations based on log-linear modeling	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xifeng Yan:Jiawei Han	Recent research on pattern discovery has progressed form mining frequent itemsets and sequences to mining structured patterns including trees, lattices, and graphs. As a general data structure, graph can model complicated relations among data with wide applications in bioinformatics, Web exploration, and etc. However, mining large graph patterns in challenging due to the presence of an exponential number of frequent subgraphs. Instead of mining all the subgraphs, we propose to mine closed frequent graph patterns. A graph g is closed in a database if there exists no proper supergraph of g that has the same support as g. A closed graph pattern mining algorithm, CloseGraph, is developed by exploring several interesting pruning methods. Our performance study shows that CloseGraph not only dramatically reduces unnecessary subgraphs to be generated but also substantially increases the efficiency of mining, especially in the presence of large graph patterns.	CloseGraph: mining closed frequent graph patterns	NA:NA	2018
Lan Yi:Bing Liu:Xiaoli Li	A commercial Web page typically contains many information blocks. Apart from the main content blocks, it usually has such blocks as navigation panels, copyright and privacy notices, and advertisements (for business purposes and for easy user access). We call these blocks that are not the main content blocks of the page the noisy blocks. We show that the information contained in these noisy blocks can seriously harm Web data mining. Eliminating these noises is thus of great importance. In this paper, we propose a noise elimination technique based on the following observation: In a given Web site, noisy blocks usually share some common contents and presentation styles, while the main content blocks of the pages are often diverse in their actual contents and/or presentation styles. Based on this observation, we propose a tree structure, called Style Tree, to capture the common presentation styles and the actual contents of the pages in a given Web site. By sampling the pages of the site, a Style Tree can be built for the site, which we call the Site Style Tree (SST). We then introduce an information based measure to determine which parts of the SST represent noises and which parts represent the main contents of the site. The SST is employed to detect and eliminate noises in any Web page of the site by mapping this page to the SST. The proposed technique is evaluated with two data mining tasks, Web page clustering and classification. Experimental results show that our noise elimination technique is able to improve the mining results significantly.	Eliminating noisy information in Web pages for data mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hwanjo Yu:Jiong Yang:Jiawei Han	Support vector machines (SVMs) have been promising methods for classification and regression analysis because of their solid mathematical foundations which convery several salient properties that other methods hardly provide. However, despite the prominent properties of SVMs, they are not as favored for large-scale data mining as for pattern recognition or machine learning because the training complexity of SVMs is highly dependent on the size of a data set. Many real-world data mining applications involve millions or billions of data records where even multiple scans of the entire data are too expensive to perform. This paper presents a new method, Clustering-Based SVM (CB-SVM), which is specifically designed for handling very large data sets. CB-SVM applies a hierarchical micro-clustering algorithm that scans the entire data set only once to provide an SVM with high quality samples that carry the statistical summaries of the data such that the summaries maximize the benefit of learning the SVM. CB-SVM tries to generate the best SVM boundary for very large data sets given limited amount of resources. Our experiments on synthetic and real data sets show that CB-SVM is highly scalable for very large data sets while also generating high classification accuracy.	Classifying large data sets using SVMs with hierarchical clusters	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mohammed J. Zaki:Charu C. Aggarwal	XML documents have recently become ubiquitous because of their varied applicability in a number of applications. Classification is an important problem in the data mining domain, but current classification methods for XML documents use IR-based methods in which each document is treated as a bag of words. Such techniques ignore a significant amount of information hidden inside the documents. In this paper we discuss the problem of rule based classification of XML data by using frequent discriminatory substructures within XML documents. Such a technique is more capable of finding the classification characteristics of documents. In addition, the technique can also be extended to cost sensitive classification. We show the effectiveness of the method with respect to other classifiers. We note that the methodology discussed in this paper is applicable to any kind of semi-structured data.	XRules: an effective structural classifier for XML data	NA:NA	2018
Mohammed J. Zaki:Karam Gouda	A number of vertical mining algorithms have been proposed recently for association mining, which have shown to be very effective and usually outperform horizontal approaches. The main advantage of the vertical format is support for fast frequency counting via intersection operations on transaction ids (tids) and automatic pruning of irrelevant data. The main problem with these approaches is when intermediate results of vertical tid lists become too large for memory, thus affecting the algorithm scalability.In this paper we present a novel vertical data representation called Diffset, that only keeps track of differences in the tids of a candidate pattern from its generating frequent patterns. We show that diffsets drastically cut down the size of memory required to store intermediate results. We show how diffsets, when incorporated into previous vertical mining methods, increase the performance significantly.	Fast vertical mining using diffsets	NA:NA	2018
Yunyue Zhu:Dennis Shasha	Burst detection is the activity of finding abnormal aggregates in data streams. Such aggregates are based on sliding windows over data streams. In some applications, we want to monitor many sliding window sizes simultaneously and to report those windows with aggregates significantly different from other periods. We will present a general data structure for detecting interesting aggregates over such elastic windows in near linear time. We present applications of the algorithm for detecting Gamma Ray Bursts in large-scale astrophysical data. Detection of periods with high volumes of trading activities and high stock price volatility is also demonstrated using real time Trade and Quote (TAQ) data from the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). Our algorithm beats the direct computation approach by several orders of magnitude.	Efficient elastic burst detection in data streams	NA:NA	2018
Kamal Ali:Steven P. Ketchpel	This paper describes a novel algorithm and deployed system Golden Path Analyzer (GPA) that analyzes clickstreams of people trying to complete the same task on a website. It finds the shortest, successful paths taken by users - 'golden paths' - and uses these as seeds for clickstream clusters. Other users are assigned to a cluster if their clickstream is a supersequence of the golden path. The advantages of this approach are that the resulting clusters are easily comprehended, they are few in number, correspond to semantically different strategies used by the users, and jointly partition all the clickstreams. GPA's key contribution over prior work in process funnels is that by not excluding users that make diversions from the golden path, GPA is able to assign more users to fewer clusters. Another key contribution is to use actual full clickstreams as cluster seeds to which supersequences of other users are added. Golden paths correspond to complete clickstreams that are based on actual user page transitions. GPA is particularly useful for site designers to improve processes such as shopping, returns and registration. Its analyses identify which web pages cause many users to deviate from a golden path, which links distract users and the percentage of users taking each golden path. GPA has demonstrated value on more than twenty client projects in diverse industries.	Golden Path Analyzer: using divide-and-conquer to cluster Web clickstreams	NA:NA	2018
David M. Fram:June S. Almenoff:William DuMouchel	Because of practical limits in characterizing the safety profiles of therapeutic products prior to marketing, manufacturers and regulatory agencies perform post-marketing surveillance based on the collection of adverse reaction reports ("pharmacovigilance").The resulting databases, while rich in real-world information, are notoriously difficult to analyze using traditional techniques. Each report may involve multiple medicines, symptoms, and demographic factors, and there is no easily linked information on drug exposure in the reporting population. KDD techniques, such as association finding, are well-matched to the problem, but are difficult for medical staff to apply and interpret.To deploy KDD effectively for pharmacovigilance, Lincoln Technologies and GlaxoSmithKline collaborated to create a webbased safety data mining web environment. The analytical core is a high-performance implementation of the MGPS (Multi-Item Gamma Poisson Shrinker) algorithm described previously by DuMouchel and Pregibon, with several significant extensions and enhancements. The environment offers an interface for specifying data mining runs, a batch execution facility, tabular and graphical methods for exploring associations, and drilldown to case details. Substantial work was involved in preparing the raw adverse event data for mining, including harmonization of drug names and removal of duplicate reports.The environment can be used to explore both drug-event and multi-way associations (interactions, syndromes). It has been used to study age/gender effects, to predict the safety profiles of proposed combination drugs, and to separate contributions of individual drugs to safety problems in polytherapy situations.	Empirical Bayesian data mining for discovering patterns in post-marketing drug safety	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tu Bao Ho:Trong Dung Nguyen:Saori Kawasaki:Si Quang Le:Dung Duc Nguyen:Hideto Yokoi:Katsuhiko Takabayashi	The hepatitis temporal database collected at Chiba university hospital between 1982--2001 was recently given to challenge the KDD research. The database is large where each patient corresponds to 983 tests represented as sequences of irregular timestamp points with different lengths. This paper presents a temporal abstraction approach to mining knowledge from this hepatitis database. Exploiting hepatitis background knowledge and data analysis, we introduce new notions and methods for abstracting short-term changed and long-term changed tests. The abstracted data allow us to apply different machine learning methods for finding knowledge part of which is considered as new and interesting by medical doctors.	Mining hepatitis data with temporal abstraction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Jensen:Matthew Rattigan:Hannah Blau	Recent proposals to apply data mining systems to problems in law enforcement, national security, and fraud detection have attracted both media attention and technical critiques of their expected accuracy and impact on privacy. Unfortunately, the majority of technical critiques have been based on simplistic assumptions about data, classifiers, inference procedures, and the overall architecture of such systems. We consider these critiques in detail, and we construct a simulation model that more closely matches realistic systems. We show how both the accuracy and privacy impact of a hypothetical system could be substantially improved, and we discuss the necessary and sufficient conditions for this improvement to be achieved. This analysis is neither a defense nor a critique of any particular system concept. Rather, our model suggests alternative technical designs that could mitigate some concerns, but also raises more specific conditions that must be met for such systems to be both accurate and socially desirable.	Information awareness: a prospective technical assessment	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Last:Menahem Friedman:Abraham Kandel	In today's industry, the design of software tests is mostly based on the testers' expertise, while test automation tools are limited to execution of pre-planned tests only. Evaluation of test outputs is also associated with a considerable effort by human testers who often have imperfect knowledge of the requirements specification. Not surprisingly, this manual approach to software testing results in heavy losses to the world's economy. The costs of the so-called "catastrophic" software failures (such as Mars Polar Lander shutdown in 1999) are even hard to measure. In this paper, we demonstrate the potential use of data mining algorithms for automated induction of functional requirements from execution data. The induced data mining models of tested software can be utilized for recovering missing and incomplete specifications, designing a minimal set of regression tests, and evaluating the correctness of software outputs when testing new, potentially flawed releases of the system. To study the feasibility of the proposed approach, we have applied a novel data mining algorithm called Info-Fuzzy Network (IFN) to execution data of a general-purpose code for solving partial differential equations. After being trained on a relatively small number of randomly generated input-output examples, the model constructed by the IFN algorithm has shown a clear capability to discriminate between correct and faulty versions of the program.	The data mining approach to automated software testing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Richard D. Lawrence:Se June Hong:Jacques Cherrier	Airlines routinely overbook flights based on the expectation that some fraction of booked passengers will not show for each flight. Accurate forecasts of the expected number of no-shows for each flight can increase airline revenue by reducing the number of spoiled seats (empty seats that might otherwise have been sold) and the number of involuntary denied boardings at the departure gate. Conventional no-show forecasting methods typically average the no-show rates of historically similar flights, without the use of passenger-specific information.We develop two classes of models to predict cabin-level no-show rates using specific information on the individual passengers booked on each flight. The first of these models computes the no-show probability for each passenger, using both the cabin-level historical forecast and the extracted passenger features as explanatory variables. This passenger-level model is implemented using three different predictive methods: a C4.5 decision-tree, a segmented Naive Bayes algorithm, and a new aggregation method for an ensemble of probabilistic models. The second cabin-level model is formulated using the desired cabin-level no-show rate as the response variable. Inputs to this model include the predicted cabin-level no-show rates derived from the various passenger-level models, as well as simple statistics of the features of the cabin passenger population. The cabin-level model is implemented using either linear regression, or as a direct probability model with explicit incorporation of the cabin-level no-show rates derived from the passenger-level model outputs.The new passenger-based models are compared to a conventional historical model, using train and evaluation data sets taken from over 1 million passenger name records. Standard metrics such as lift curves and mean-square cabin-level errors establish the improved accuracy of the passenger-based models over the historical model. All models are also evaluated using a simple revenue model, and it is shown that the cabin-level passenger-based model can produce between 0.4% and 3.2% revenue gain over the conventional model, depending on the revenue-model parameters.	Passenger-based predictive modeling of airline no-show rates	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gregory Piatetsky-Shapiro:Tom Khabaza:Sridhar Ramaswamy	Analyzing gene expression data from microarray devices has many important application in medicine and biology, but presents significant challenges to data mining. Microarray data typically has many attributes (genes) and few examples (samples), making the process of correctly analyzing such data difficult to formulate and prone to common mistakes. For this reason it is unusually important to capture and record good practices for this form of data mining. This paper presents a process for analyzing microarray data, including pre-processing, gene selection, randomization testing, classification and clustering; this process is captured with "Clementine Application Templates". The paper describes the process in detail and includes three case studies, showing how the process is applied to 2-class classification, multi-class classification and clustering analyses for publicly available microarray datasets.	Capturing best practice for microarray gene expression data analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
R. Bharat Rao:Sathyakama Sandilya:Radu Stefan Niculescu:Colin Germond:Harsha Rao	Existing patient records are a valuable resource for automated outcomes analysis and knowledge discovery. However, key clinical data in these records is typically recorded in unstructured form as free text and images, and most structured clinical information is poorly organized. Time-consuming interpretation and analysis is required to convert these records into structured clinical data. Thus, only a tiny fraction of this resource is utilized. We present REMIND, a Bayesian Framework for Reliable Extraction and Meaningful Inference from Nonstructured Data. REMIND integrates and blends the structured and unstructured clinical data in patient records to automatically created high-quality structured clinical data. This structuring allows existing patient records to be mined for quality assurance, regulatory compliance, and to relate financial and clinical factors. We demonstrate REMIND on two medical applications: (a) Extract "recurrence", the key outcome for measuring treatment effectiveness, for colon cancer patients (ii) Extract key diagnoses and complications for acute myocardial infarction (heart attack) patients, and demonstrate the impact of these clinical factors on financial outcomes.	Clinical and financial outcomes analysis with existing hospital patient records	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
R. K. Sahoo:A. J. Oliner:I. Rish:M. Gupta:J. E. Moreira:S. Ma:R. Vilalta:A. Sivasubramaniam	As the complexity of distributed computing systems increases, systems management tasks require significantly higher levels of automation; examples include diagnosis and prediction based on real-time streams of computer events, setting alarms, and performing continuous monitoring. The core of autonomic computing, a recently proposed initiative towards next-generation IT-systems capable of 'self-healing', is the ability to analyze data in real-time and to predict potential problems. The goal is to avoid catastrophic failures through prompt execution of remedial actions.This paper describes an attempt to build a proactive prediction and control system for large clusters. We collected event logs containing various system reliability, availability and serviceability (RAS) events, and system activity reports (SARs) from a 350-node cluster system for a period of one year. The 'raw' system health measurements contain a great deal of redundant event data, which is either repetitive in nature or misaligned with respect to time. We applied a filtering technique and modeled the data into a set of primary and derived variables. These variables used probabilistic networks for establishing event correlations through prediction algorithms. We also evaluated the role of time-series methods, rule-based classification algorithms and Bayesian network models in event prediction.Based on historical data, our results suggest that it is feasible to predict system performance parameters (SARs) with a high degree of accuracy using time-series models. Rule-based classification techniques can be used to extract machine-event signatures to predict critical events with up to 70% accuracy.	Critical event prediction for proactive management in large-scale computer clusters	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rong She:Fei Chen:Ke Wang:Martin Ester:Jennifer L. Gardy:Fiona S. L. Brinkman	A number of medically important disease-causing bacteria (collectively called Gram-negative bacteria) are noted for the extra "outer" membrane that surrounds their cell. Proteins resident in this membrane (outer membrane proteins, or OMPs) are of primary research interest for antibiotic and vaccine drug design as they are on the surface of the bacteria and so are the most accessible targets to develop new drugs against. With the development of genome sequencing technology and bioinformatics, biologists can now deduce all the proteins that are likely produced in a given bacteria and have attempted to classify where proteins are located in a bacterial cell. However such protein localization programs are currently least accurate when predicting OMPs, and so there is a current need for the development of a better OMP classifier. Data mining research suggests that the use of frequent patterns has good performance in aiding the development of accurate and efficient classification algorithms. In this paper, we present two methods to identify OMPs based on frequent subsequences and test them on all Gram-negative bacterial proteins whose localizations have been determined by biological experiments. One classifier follows an association rule approach, while the other is based on support vector machines (SVMs). We compare the proposed methods with the state-of-the-art methods in the biological domain. The results demonstrate that our methods are better both in terms of accurately identifying OMPs and providing biological insights that increase our understanding of the structures and functions of these important proteins.	Frequent-subsequence-based prediction of outer membrane proteins	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Steinbach:Pang-Ning Tan:Vipin Kumar:Steven Klooster:Christopher Potter	To analyze the effect of the oceans and atmosphere on land climate, Earth Scientists have developed climate indices, which are time series that summarize the behavior of selected regions of the Earth's oceans and atmosphere. In the past, Earth scientists have used observation and, more recently, eigenvalue analysis techniques, such as principal components analysis (PCA) and singular value decomposition (SVD), to discover climate indices. However, eigenvalue techniques are only useful for finding a few of the strongest signals. Furthermore, they impose a condition that all discovered signals must be orthogonal to each other, making it difficult to attach a physical interpretation to them. This paper presents an alternative clustering-based methodology for the discovery of climate indices that overcomes these limitiations and is based on clusters that represent regions with relatively homogeneous behavior. The centroids of these clusters are time series that summarize the behavior of the ocean or atmosphere in those regions. Some of these centroids correspond to known climate indices and provide a validation of our methodology; other centroids are variants of known indices that may provide better predictive power for some land areas; and still other indices may represent potentially new Earth science phenomena. Finally, we show that cluster based indices generally outperform SVD derived indices, both in terms of area weighted correlation and direct correlation with the known indices.	Discovery of climate indices using clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sholom M. Weiss:Stephen J. Buckley:Shubir Kapoor:Søren Damgaard	We describe techniques for combining two types of knowledge systems: expert and machine learning. Both the expert system and the learning system represent information by logical decision rules or trees. Unlike the classical views of knowledge-base evaluation or refinement, our view accepts the contents of the knowledge base as completely correct. The knowledge base and the results of its stored cases will provide direction for the discovery of new relationships in the form of newly induced decision rules. An expert system called SEAS was built to discover sales leads for computer products and solutions. The system interviews executives by asking questions, and based on the responses, recommends products that may improve a business' operations. Leveraging this expert system, we record the results of the interviews and the program's recommendations. The very same data stored by the expert system is used to find new predictive rules. Among the potential advantages of this approach are (a) the capability to spot new sales trends and (b) the substitution of less expensive probabilistic rules that use database data instead of interviews.	Knowledge-based data mining	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi-Leh Wu:King-Shy Goh:Beitao Li:Huaxing You:Edward Y. Chang	The proliferation of objectionable information on the Internet has reached a level of serious concern. To empower end-users with the choice of blocking undesirable and offensive websites, we propose a multimodal information filter, named MORF. In this paper, we present MORF's core components: its confidence-based classifier, a Cross-bagging ensemble scheme, and multimodal classification algorithm. Empirical studies and initial statistics collected from the MORF filters deployed at sites in the U.S. and Asia show that MORF is both efficient and effective, due to our classification methods.	The anatomy of a multimodal information filter	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shlomo Argamon:Marin Šarić:Sterling S. Stein	This paper considers the use of computational stylistics for performing authorship attribution of electronic messages, addressing categorization problems with as many as 20 different classes (authors). Effective stylistic characterization of text is potentially useful for a variety of tasks, as language style contains cues regarding the authorship, purpose, and mood of the text, all of which would be useful adjuncts to information retrieval or knowledge-management tasks. We focus here on the problem of determining the author of an anonymous message, based only on the message text. Several multiclass variants of the Winnow algorithm were applied to a vector representation of the message texts to learn models for discriminating different authors. We present results comparing the classification accuracy of the different approaches. The results show that stylistic models can be accurately learned to determine an author's identity.	Style mining of electronic messages for multiple authorship discrimination: first results	NA:NA:NA	2018
Raj Bhatnagar:Goutham Kurra:Wen Niu	We present in this paper the problem of discovering sets of attribute-value pairs in high dimensional data sets that are of interest not because of co-occurrence alone, but due to their value in serving as cores for potential classifiers of clusters. We present our algorithm in the context of a gene-expression dataset. Gene expression data, in most situations, is insufficient for clustering algorithms and any statistical inference because for 6000+ genes, typically only 10s and at most 100s of data points become available. It is difficult to use statistical techniques to design a classifier for such immensely under-specified data. The observed data, though statistically, insufficient contains some information about the domain. Our goal is to discover as much information about all potential classifiers as possible from the data and then summarize this knowledge. This summarization provides insights into the composition of potential classifiers. We present here algorithms and methods for mining a high dimensional data set, exemplified by a gene expression data set, for mining such information.	Mining high dimensional data for classifier knowledge	NA:NA:NA	2018
Joong Hyuk Chang:Won Suk Lee	A data stream is a massive unbounded sequence of data elements continuously generated at a rapid rate. Consequently, the knowledge embedded in a data stream is more likely to be changed as time goes by. Identifying the recent change of a data stream, specially for an online data stream, can provide valuable information for the analysis of the data stream. In addition, monitoring the continuous variation of a data stream enables to find the gradual change of embedded knowledge. However, most of mining algorithms over a data stream do not differentiate the information of recently generated transactions from the obsolete information of old transactions which may be no longer useful or possibly invalid at present. This paper proposes a data mining method for finding recent frequent itemsets adaptively over an online data stream. The effect of old transactions on the mining result of the data steam is diminished by decaying the old occurrences of each itemset as time goes by. Furthermore, several optimization techniques are devised to minimize processing time as well as main memory usage. Finally, the proposed method is analyzed by a series of experiments.	Finding recent frequent itemsets adaptively over online data streams	NA:NA	2018
Bill Chiu:Eamonn Keogh:Stefano Lonardi	Several important time series data mining problems reduce to the core task of finding approximately repeated subsequences in a longer time series. In an earlier work, we formalized the idea of approximately repeated subsequences by introducing the notion of time series motifs. Two limitations of this work were the poor scalability of the motif discovery algorithm, and the inability to discover motifs in the presence of noise.Here we address these limitations by introducing a novel algorithm inspired by recent advances in the problem of pattern discovery in biosequences. Our algorithm is probabilistic in nature, but as we show empirically and theoretically, it can find time series motifs with very high probability even in the presence of noise or "don't care" symbols. Not only is the algorithm fast, but it is an anytime algorithm, producing likely candidate motifs almost immediately, and gradually improving the quality of results over time.	Probabilistic discovery of time series motifs	NA:NA:NA	2018
William W. Cohen:Richard Wang:Robert F. Murphy	From the standpoint of the automated extraction of scientific knowledge, an important but little-studied part of scientific publications are the figures and accompanying captions. Captions are dense in information, but also contain many extra-grammatical constructs, making them awkward to process with standard information extraction methods. We propose a scheme for "understanding" captions in biomedical publications by extracting and classifying "image pointers" (references to the accompanying image). We evaluate a number of automated methods for this task, including hand-coded methods, methods based on existing learning techniques, and methods based on novel learning techniques. The best of these methods leads to a usefully accurate tool for caption-understanding, with both recall and precision in excess of 94% on the most important single class in a combined extraction/classification task.	Understanding captions in biomedical publications	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wenliang Du:Zhijun Zhan	Privacy is an important issue in data mining and knowledge discovery. In this paper, we propose to use the randomized response techniques to conduct the data mining computation. Specially, we present a method to build decision tree classifiers from the disguised data. We conduct experiments to compare the accuracy of our decision tree with the one built from the original undisguised data. Our results show that although the data are disguised, our method can still achieve fairly high accuracy. We also show how the parameter used in the randomized response techniques affects the accuracy of the results.	Using randomized response techniques for privacy-preserving data mining	NA:NA	2018
William DuMouchel:Deepak K. Agarwal	The concept of "data squashing" was introduced by DuMouchel et al [4] as a method of summarizing massive data sets that preserves statistical relationships among variables. The idea is to create a smaller data set that allows statistical modeling to take place using in-memory algorithms, and to preserve the modeling results more accurately than would a same-size random sample from the massive data set. This research attempts to avoid several limitations of previous approaches to data squashing. Our method avoids the curse of dimensionality by a double use of principal components transformations that makes computing time linear in the number of cases and quadratic in the number of variables. Categorical and continuous variables are smoothly integrated. Because the binning is based on principal components, which are uncorrelated, we can use fractional factorial designs that sample less than one point per bin. We also investigate various weighting schemes for the squashed sample to see whether matching moments or matching subregion data counts is more effective. Finally, previous work required the specification of a statistical model, either to perform the squashing algorithm or to compare the worth of different squashing methods. Our approach to evaluation is model free and does not even require the specification of variables as responses or predictors. Instead, we develop a chi-squared like measure of accuracy to compare the closeness of various discrete densities (the squashed data sets) to the discrete massive data set.	Applications of sampling and fractional factorial designs to model-free data squashing	NA:NA	2018
Dmitriy Fradkin:David Madigan	Dimensionality reduction via Random Projections has attracted considerable attention in recent years. The approach has interesting theoretical underpinnings and offers computational advantages. In this paper we report a number of experiments to evaluate Random Projections in the context of inductive supervised learning. In particular, we compare Random Projections and PCA on a number of different datasets and using different machine learning methods. While we find that the random projection approach predictively underperforms PCA, its computational advantages may make it attractive for certain applications.	Experiments with random projections for machine learning	NA:NA	2018
João Gama:Ricardo Rocha:Pedro Medas	In this paper we study the problem of constructing accurate decision tree models from data streams. Data streams are incremental tasks that require incremental, online, and any-time learning algorithms. One of the most successful algorithms for mining data streams is VFDT. In this paper we extend the VFDT system in two directions: the ability to deal with continuous data and the use of more powerful classification techniques at tree leaves. The proposed system, VFDTc, can incorporate and classify new information online, with a single scan of the data, in time constant per example. The most relevant property of our system is the ability to obtain a performance similar to a standard decision tree algorithm even for medium size datasets. This is relevant due to the any-time property. We study the behaviour of VFDTc in different problems and demonstrate its utility in large and medium data sets. Under a bias-variance analysis we observe that VFDTc in comparison to C4.5 is able to reduce the variance component.	Accurate decision trees for mining high-speed data streams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sudipto Guha:D. Gunopulos:Nick Koudas	In a variety of modern mining applications, data are commonly viewed as infinite time ordered data streams rather as finite data sets stored on disk. This view challenges fundamental assumptions commonly made in the context of several data mining algorithms.In this paper, we study the problem of identifying correlations between multiple data streams. In particular, we propose algorithms capable of capturing correlations between multiple continuous data streams in a highly efficient and accurate manner. Our algorithms and techniques are applicable in the case of both synchronous and asynchronous data streaming environments. We capture correlations between multiple streams using the well known technique of Singular Value Decomposition (SVD). Correlations between data items, and the SVD technique in particular, have been repeatedly utilized in an off-line (non stream) data mining problems, for example forecasting, approximate query answering, and data reduction.We propose a methodology based on a combination of dimensionality reduction and sampling to make the SVD technique suitable for a data stream context. Our techniques are approximate, trading accuracy with performance, and we analytically quantify this tradeoff. We present a through experimental evaluation, using both real and synthetic data sets, from a prototype implementation of our technique, investigating the impact of various parameters in the accuracy of the overall computation. Our results indicate, that correlations between multiple data streams can be identified very efficiently and accurately. The algorithms proposed herein, are presented as generic tools, with a multitude of applications on data stream mining problems.	Correlating synchronous and asynchronous data streams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Şule Gündüz:M. Tamer Özsu	Predicting the next request of a user as she visits Web pages has gained importance as Web-based activity increases. Markov models and their variations, or models based on sequence mining have been found well suited for this problem. However, higher order Markov models are extremely complicated due to their large number of states whereas lower order Markov models do not capture the entire behavior of a user in a session. The models that are based on sequential pattern mining only consider the frequent sequences in the data set, making it difficult to predict the next request following a page that is not in the sequential pattern. Furthermore, it is hard to find models for mining two different kinds of information of a user session. We propose a new model that considers both the order information of pages in a session and the time spent on them. We cluster user sessions based on their pair-wise similarity and represent the resulting clusters by a click-stream tree. The new user session is then assigned to a cluster based on a similarity measure. The click-stream tree of that cluster is used to generate the recommendation set. The model can be used as part of a cache prefetching system as well as a recommendation model.	A Web page prediction model based on click-stream tree representation of user behavior	NA:NA	2018
John Hopcroft:Omar Khan:Brian Kulis:Bart Selman	We are interested in finding natural communities in large-scale linked networks. Our ultimate goal is to track changes over time in such communities. For such temporal tracking, we require a clustering algorithm that is relatively stable under small perturbations of the input data. We have developed an efficient, scalable agglomerative strategy and applied it to the citation graph of the NEC CiteSeer database (250,000 papers; 4.5 million citations). Agglomerative clustering techniques are known to be unstable on data in which the community structure is not strong. We find that some communities are essentially random and thus unstable while others are natural and will appear in most clusterings. These natural communities will enable us to track the evolution of communities over time.	Natural communities in large linked networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael E. Houle	This paper introduces a scalable method for feature extraction and navigation of large data sets by means of local clustering, where clusters are modeled as overlapping neighborhoods. Under the model, intra-cluster association and external differentiation are both assessed in terms of a natural confidence measure. Minor clusters can be identified even when they appear in the intersection of larger clusters. Scalability of local clustering derives from recent generic techniques for efficient approximate similarity search. The cluster overlap structure gives rise to a hierarchy that can be navigated and queried by users. Experimental results are provided for two large text databases.	Navigating massive data sets via local clustering	NA	2018
Wynne Hsu:Jing Dai:Mong Li Lee	The increasing number of image repositories has made image mining an important task because of its potential in discovering useful image patterns from a large set of images. In this paper, we introduce the notion of viewpoint patterns for image databases. Viewpoint patterns refer to patterns that capture the invariant relationships of one object from the point of view of another object. These patterns are unique and significant in images because the absolute positional information of objects for most images is not important, but rather, it is the relative distance and orientation of the objects from each other that is meaningful. We design a scalable and efficient algorithm to discover such viewpoint patterns. Experiments results on various image sets demonstrate that viewpoint patterns are meaningful and interesting to human users.	Mining viewpoint patterns in image databases	NA:NA:NA	2018
Christopher Jermaine	We present a method for very high-dimensional correlation analysis. The method relies equally on rigorous search strategies and on human interaction. At each step, the method conservatively "shaves off" a fraction of the database tuples and attributes, so that most of the correlations present in the data are not affected by the decomposition. Instead, the correlations become more obvious to the user, because they are hidden in a much smaller portion of the database. This process can be repeated iteratively and interactively, until only the most important correlations remain.The main technical difficulty of the approach is figuring out how to "shave off" part of the database so as to preserve most correlations. We develop an algorithm for this problem that has a polynomial running time and guarantees result quality.	Playing hide-and-seek with correlations	NA	2018
Daxin Jiang:Jian Pei:Aidong Zhang	Discovering coherent gene expression patterns in time-series gene expression data is an important task in bioinformatics research and biomedical applications. In this paper, we propose an interactive exploration framework for mining coherent expression patterns in time-series gene expression data. We develop a novel tool, coherent pattern index graph, to give users highly confident indications of the existences of coherent patterns. To derive a coherent pattern index graph, we devise an attraction tree structure to record the genes in the data set and summarize the information needed for the interactive exploration. We present fast and scalable algorithms to construct attraction trees and coherent pattern index graphs from gene expression data sets. We conduct an extensive performance study on some real data sets to verify our design. The experimental results strongly show that our approach is more effective than the state-of-the-art methods in mining real gene expression data, and is scalable in mining large data sets.	Interactive exploration of coherent patterns in time-series gene expression data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ruoming Jin:Gagan Agrawal	Decision tree construction is a well studied problem in data mining. Recently, there has been much interest in mining streaming data. Domingos and Hulten have presented a one-pass algorithm for decision tree construction. Their work uses Hoeffding inequality to achieve a probabilistic bound on the accuracy of the tree constructed.In this paper, we revisit this problem. We make the following two contributions: 1) We present a numerical interval pruning (NIP) approach for efficiently processing numerical attributes. Our results show an average of 39% reduction in execution times. 2) We exploit the properties of the gain function entropy (and gini) to reduce the sample size required for obtaining a given bound on the accuracy. Our experimental results show a 37% reduction in the number of data instances required.	Efficient decision tree construction on streaming data	NA:NA	2018
Sachindra Joshi:Neeraj Agrawal:Raghu Krishnapuram:Sumit Negi	Structural information (such as layout and look-and-feel) has been extensively used in the literatuce for extraction of interesting or relevant data, efficient storage, and query optimization. Traditionally, tree models (such as DOM trees) have been used to represent structural information, especially in the case of HTML and XML documents. However, computation of structural similarity between documents based on the tree model is computationally expensive. In this paper, we propose an alternative scheme for representing the structural information of documents based on the paths contained in the corresponding tree model. Since the model includes partial information about parents, children and siblings, it allows us to define a new family of meaningful (and at the same time computationally simple) structural similarity measures. Our experimental results based on the SIGMOD XML data set as well as HTML document collections from ibm.com, dell.com, and amazon.com show that the representation is powerful enough to produce good clusters of structurally similar pages.	A bag of paths model for measuring structural similarity in Web documents	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Toshihiro Kamishima	A recommender system suggests the items expected to be preferred by the users. Recommender systems use collaborative filtering to recommend items by summarizing the preferences of people who have tendencies similar to the user preference. Traditionally, the degree of preference is represented by a scale, for example, one that ranges from one to five. This type of measuring technique is called the semantic differential (SD) method. Web adopted the ranking method, however, rather than the SD method, since the SD method is intrinsically not suited for representing individual preferences. In the ranking method, the preferences are represented by orders, which are sorted item sequences according to the users' preferences. We here propose some methods to recommed items based on these order responses, and carry out the comparison experiments of these methods.	Nantonac collaborative filtering: recommendation based on order responses	NA	2018
Yehuda Koren:David Harel	We describe a novel approach to the visualization of hierarchical clustering that superimposes the classical dendrogram over a fully synchronized low-dimensional embedding, thereby gaining the benefits of both approaches. In a single image one can view all the clusters, examine the relations between them and study many of their properties. The method is based on an algorithm for low-dimensional embedding of clustered data, with the property that separation between all clusters is guaranteed, regardless of their nature. In particular, the algorithm was designed to produce embeddings that strictly adhere to a given hierarchical clustering of the data, so that every two disjoint clusters in the hierarchy are drawn separately.	A two-way visualization method for clustered data	NA:NA	2018
Kelvin T. Leung:D. Stott Parker	Finding effective methods for developing an ensemble of models has been an active research area of large-scale data mining in recent years. Models learned from data are often subject to some degree of uncertainty, for a variety of resoans. In classification, ensembles of models provide a useful means of averaging out error introduced by individual classifiers, hence reducing the generalization error of prediction.The plurality voting method is often chosen for bagging, because of its simplicity of implementation. However, the plurality approach to model reconciliation is ad-hoc. There are many other voting methods to choose from, including the anti-plurality method, the plurality method with elimination, the Borda count method, and Condorcet's method of pairwise comparisons. Any of these could lead to a better method for reconciliation.In this paper, we analyze the use of these voting methods in model reconciliation. We present empirical results comparing performance of these voting methods when applied in bagging. These results include some surprises, and among other things suggest that (1) plurality is not always the best voting method; (2) the number of classes can affect the performance of voting methods; and (3) the degree of dataset noise can affect the performance of voting methods. While it is premature to make final judgments about specific voting methods, the results of this work raise interesting questions, and they open the door to the application of voting theory in classification theory.	Empirical comparisons of various voting methods in bagging	NA:NA	2018
Bing Liu:Robert Grossman:Yanhong Zhai	A large amount of information on the Web is contained in regularly structured objects, which we call data records. Such data records are important because they often present the essential information of their host pages, e.g., lists of products or services. It is useful to mine such data records in order to extract information from them to provide value-added services. Existing automatic techniques are not satisfactory because of their poor accuracies. In this paper, we propose a more effective technique to perform the task. The technique is based on two observations about data records on the Web and a string matching algorithm. The proposed technique is able to mine both contiguous and non-contiguous data records. Our experimental results show that the proposed technique outperforms existing techniques substantially.	Mining data records in Web pages	NA:NA:NA	2018
Guimei Liu:Hongjun Lu:Wenwu Lou:Jeffrey Xu Yu	Extensive efforts have been devoted to developing efficient algorithms for mining frequent patterns. However, frequent pattern mining remains a time-consuming process, especially for very large datasets. It is therefore desirable to adopt a "mining once and using many times" strategy. Unfortunately, there has been little work reported on managing and organizing a large set of patterns for future use. In this paper, we propose a disk-based data structure, CFP-tree (Condensed Frequent Pattern Tree), for organizing frequent patterns discovered from transactional databases. In addition to an efficient algorithm for CFP-tree construction, we also developed algorithms to efficiently support two important types of queries, namely queries with minimum support constraints and queries with item constraints, against the stored patterns, as these two types of queries are basic building blocks for complex frequent pattern related mining tasks. Comprehensive experimental study has been conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of CFP-tree and efficiency of related algorithms.	On computing, storing and querying frequent patterns	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Junshui Ma:Simon Perkins	In this paper, we present a new framework for online novelty detection on temporal sequences. This framework include a mechanism for associating each detection result with a confidence value. Based on this framework, we develop a concrete online detection algorithm, by modeling the temporal sequence using an online support vector regression algorithm. Experiments on both synthetic and real world data are performed to demonstrate the promising performance of our proposed detection algorithm.	Online novelty detection on temporal sequences	NA:NA	2018
Satoshi Morinaga:Kenji Yamanishi:Jun-ichi Takeuchi	We consider the situation where a number of agents are distributed and each of them collects a data sequence generated according to an unknown probability distribution. Here each of the distributions is specified by common parameters and individual parameters e.g., a normal distribution with an identical mean and a different variance. Here we introduce a notion of an information consortium, which is a framework where the agents cannot show raw data to one another, but they like to enjoy significant information gain for estimating the respective distributions. Such an information consortium has recently received much interest in a broad range of areas including financial risk management, ubiquitous network mining, etc. In this paper we are concerned with the following three issues: 1) how to design a collaborative strategy for agents to estimate the respective distributions in the information consortium, 2) characterizing when each agent has a benefit in terms of information gain for estimating its distribution or information loss for predicting future data, and 3) charracterizing how much benefit each agent obtains. In this paper we yield a statistical formulation of information consortia and solve all of the above three problems for a general form of probability distributions. Specifically we propose a basic strategy for cooperative estimation and derive a necessary and sufficient condition for each agent to have a significant benefit.	Distributed cooperative mining for information consortia	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jennifer Neville:David Jensen:Lisa Friedland:Michael Hay	Classification trees are widely used in the machine learning and data mining communities for modeling propositional data. Recent work has extended this basic paradigm to probability estimation trees. Traditional tree learning algorithms assume that instances in the training data are homogenous and independently distributed. Relational probability trees (RPTs) extend standard probability estimation trees to a relational setting in which data instances are heterogeneous and interdependent. Our algorithm for learning the structure and parameters of an RPT searches over a space of relational features that use aggregation functions (e.g. AVERAGE, MODE, COUNT) to dynamically propositionalize relational data and create binary splits within the RPT. Previous work has identified a number of statistical biases due to characteristics of relational data such as autocorrelation and degree disparity. The RPT algorithm uses a novel form of randomization test to adjust for these biases. On a variety of relational learning tasks, RPTs built using randomization tests are significantly smaller than other models and achieve equivalent, or better, performance.	Learning relational probability trees	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Caleb C. Noble:Diane J. Cook	Anomaly detection is an area that has received much attention in recent years. It has a wide variety of applications, including fraud detection and network intrusion detection. A good deal of research has been performed in this area, often using strings or attribute-value data as the medium from which anomalies are to be extracted. Little work, however, has focused on anomaly detection in graph-based data. In this paper, we introduce two techniques for graph-based anomaly detection. In addition, we introduce a new method for calculating the regularity of a graph, with applications to anomaly detection. We hypothesize that these methods will prove useful both for finding anomalies, and for determining the likelihood of successful anomaly detection within graph-based data. We provide experimental results using both real-world network intrusion data and artificially-created data.	Graph-based anomaly detection	NA:NA	2018
Feng Pan:Gao Cong:Anthony K. H. Tung:Jiong Yang:Mohammed J. Zaki	The growth of bioinformatics has resulted in datasets with new characteristics. These datasets typically contain a large number of columns and a small number of rows. For example, many gene expression datasets may contain 10,000-100,000 columns but only 100-1000 rows.Such datasets pose a great challenge for existing (closed) frequent pattern discovery algorithms, since they have an exponential dependence on the average row length. In this paper, we describe a new algorithm called CARPENTER that is specially designed to handle datasets having a large number of attributes and relatively small number of rows. Several experiments on real bioinformatics datasets show that CARPENTER is orders of magnitude better than previous closed pattern mining algorithms like CLOSET and CHARM.	Carpenter: finding closed patterns in long biological datasets	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
William Peter:John Chiochetti:Clare Giardina	A fast and accurate unsupervised clustering algorithm has been developed for clustering very large datasets. Though designed for very large volumes of geospatial data, the algorithm is general enough to be used in a wide variety of domain applications. The number of computations the algorithm requires is ~ O(N), and thus faster than hierarchical algorithms. Unlike the popular K-means heuristic, this algorithm does not require a series of iterations to converge to a solution. In addition, this method does not depend on initialization of a given number of cluster representatives, and so is insensitive to initial conditions. Being unsupervised, the algorithm can also "rank" each cluster based on density. The method relies on weighting a dataset to grid points on a mesh, and using a small number of rule-based agents to find the high density clusters. This method effectively reduces large datasets to the size of the grid, which is usually many orders of magnitude smaller. Numerical experiments are shown that demonstrate the advantages of this algorithm over other techniques.	New unsupervised clustering algorithm for large datasets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Karlton Sequeira:Mohammed Zaki:Boleslaw Szymanski:Christopher Carothers	In most computer systems, page fault rate is currently minimized by generic page replacement algorithms which try to model the temporal locality inherent in programs. In this paper, we propose two algorithms, one greedy and the other stochastic, designed for program specific code restructuring as a means of increasing spatial locality within a program. Both algorithms effectively decrease average working set size and hence the page fault rate. Our methods are more effective than traditional approaches due to use of domain information. We illustrate the efficacy of our algorithms on actual data mining algorithms.	Improving spatial locality of programs via data mining	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chun Tang:Aidong Zhang:Jian Pei	Mining microarray gene expression data is an important research topic in bioinformatics with broad applications. While most of the previous studies focus on clustering either genes or samples, it is interesting to ask whether we can partition the complete set of samples into exclusive groups (called phenotypes) and find a set of informative genes that can manifest the phenotype structure. In this paper, we propose a new problem of simultaneously mining phenotypes and informative genes from gene expression data. Some statistics-based metrics are proposed to measure the quality of the mining results. Two interesting algorithms are developed: the heuristic search and the mutual reinforcing adjustment method. We present an extensive performance study on both real-world data sets and synthetic data sets. The mining results from the two proposed methods are clearly better than those from the previous methods. They are ready for the real-world applications. Between the two methods, the mutual reinforcing adjustment method is in general more scalable, more effective and with better quality of the mining results.	Mining phenotypes and informative genes from gene expression data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Feng Tao:Fionn Murtagh:Mohsen Farid	We address the issues of discovering significant binary relationships in transaction datasets in a weighted setting. Traditional model of association rule mining is adapted to handle weighted association rule mining problems where each item is allowed to have a weight. The goal is to steer the mining focus to those significant relationships involving items with significant weights rather than being flooded in the combinatornal explosion of insignificant relationships. We identify the challenge of using weights in the iterative process of generating large itemsets. The problem of invalidation of the "downward closure property" in the weighted setting is solved by using an improved model of weighted support measurements and exploiting a "weighted downward closure property". A new algorithm called WARM (Weighted Association Rule Mining) is developed based on the improved model. The algorithm is both scalable and efficient in discovering significant relationships in weighted settings as illustrated by experiments performed on simulated datasets.	Weighted Association Rule Mining using weighted support and significance framework	NA:NA:NA	2018
Soon Tee Teoh:Kwan-Liu Ma	Decision trees are commonly used for classification. We propose to use decision trees not just for classification but also for the wider purpose of knowledge discovery, because visualizing the decision tree can reveal much valuable information in the data. We introduce PaintingClass, a system for interactive construction, visualization and exploration of decision trees. PaintingClass provides an intuitive layout and convenient navigation of the decision tree. PaintingClass also provides the user the means to interactively construct the decision tree. Each node in the decision tree is displayed as a visual projection of the data. Through actual examples and comparison with other classification methods, we show that the user can effectively use PaintingClass to construct a decision tree and explore the decision tree to gain additional knowledge.	PaintingClass: interactive construction, visualization and exploration of decision trees	NA:NA	2018
Ioannis Tsamardinos:Constantin F. Aliferis:Alexander Statnikov	Data Mining with Bayesian Network learning has two important characteristics: under conditions learned edges between variables correspond to casual influences, and second, for every variable T in the network a special subset (Markov Blanket) identifiable by the network is the minimal variable set required to predict T. However, all known algorithms learning a complete BN do not scale up beyond a few hundred variables. On the other hand, all known sound algorithms learning a local region of the network require an exponential number of training instances to the size of the learned region.The contribution of this paper is two-fold. We introduce a novel local algorithm that returns all variables with direct edges to and from a target variable T as well as a local algorithm that returns the Markov Blanket of T. Both algorithms (i) are sound, (ii) can be run efficiently in datasets with thousands of variables, and (iii) significantly outperform in terms of approximating the true neighborhood previous state-of-the-art algorithms using only a fraction of the training size required by the existing methods. A fundamental difference between our approach and existing ones is that the required sample depends on the generating graph connectivity and not the size of the local region; this yields up to exponential savings in sample relative to previously known algorithms. The results presented here are promising not only for discovery of local causal structure, and variable selection for classification, but also for the induction of complete BNs.	Time and sample efficient discovery of Markov blankets and direct causal relations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hang Yu:Ee-Chien Chang	Large-scale data sets are sometimes logically and physically distributed in separate databases. The issues of mining these data sets are not just their sizes, but also the distributed nature. The complication is that communicating all the data to a central database would be too slow. To reduce communication costs, one could compress the data during transmission. Another method is random sampling. We propose an approach for distributed multivariate regression based on sampling and discuss its relationship with the compression method. The central idea is motivated by the observation that, although communication is limited, each individual site can still scan and process all the data it holds. Thus it is possible for the site to communicate only influential samples without seeing data in other sites. We exploit this observation and derive a method that provides tradeoff between communication cost and accuracy. Experimental results show that it is better than the compression method and random sampling.	Distributed multivariate regression based on influential observations	NA:NA	2018
Lei Yu:Huan Liu	High-dimensional data poses a severe challenge for data mining. Feature selection is a frequently used technique in pre-processing high-dimensional data for successful data mining. Traditionally, feature selection is focused on removing irrelevant features. However, for high-dimensional data, removing redundant features is equally critical. In this paper, we provide a study of feature redundancy in high-dimensional data and propose a novel correlation-based approach to feature selection within the filter model. The extensive empirical study using real-world data shows that the proposed approach is efficient and effective in removing redundant and irrelevant features.	Efficiently handling feature redundancy in high-dimensional data	NA:NA	2018
Rafael Alonso:Jeffrey A. Bloom:Hua Li:Chumki Basu	One of the major hurdles in maintaining long-lived electronic systems is that electronic parts become obsolete, no longer available from the original suppliers. When this occurs, an engineer is tasked with resolving the problem by finding a replacement that is "as similar as possible" to the original part. The current approach involves a laborious manual search through several electronic portals and data books. The search is difficult because potential replacements may differ from the original and from each other by one or more parameters. Worse still, the cumbersome nature of this process may cause the engineers to miss appropriate solutions amid the many thousands of parts listed in industry catalogs.In this paper, we address this problem by introducing the notion of a parametric "distance" between electronic components. We use this distance to search a large parts data set and recommend likely replacements. Recommendations are based on an adaptive nearest-neighbor search through the parametric data set. For each user, we learn how to scale the axes of the feature space in which the nearest neighbors are sought. This allows the system to learn each user's judgment of the phrase "as similar as possible."	An adaptive nearest neighbor search for a parts acquisition ePortal	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Philip Barry:Jianping Zhang:Mary McDonald	The Marine Corps' Project Albert seeks to model complex phenomenon by observing the behavior of relatively simple simulations over thousands of runs. A rich data base is developed by running the simulations thousands of times, varying the agent and scenario input parameters as well as the random seeds. Exploring this result space may provide significant insight into nonlinear, surprising, and emergent behaviors. Capturing these results can provide a path for making the results usable for decision support to a military commander. This paper presents two data mining approaches, rule discovery and Bayesian networks, for analyzing the Albert simulation data. The first approach generates rules from the data and then uses them to create descriptive model. The second generates Bayesian Networks which provide a quantitative belief model for decision support. Both of these approaches as well as the Project Albert simulations are framed in the context of a system architecture for decision support.	Architecting a knowledge discovery engine for military commanders utilizing massive runs of simulations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tamraparni Dasu:Gregg T. Vesonder:Jon R. Wright	Traditionally, data quality programs have acted as a preprocessing stage to make data suitable for a data mining or analysis operation. Recently, data quality concepts have been applied to databases that support business operations such as provisioning and billing. Incorporating business rules that drive operations and their associated data processes is critically important to the success of such projects. However, there are many practical complications. For example, documentation on business rules is often meager. Rules change frequently. Domain knowledge is often fragmented across experts, and those experts do not always agree. Typically, rules have to be gathered from subject matter experts iteratively, and are discovered out of logical or procedural sequence, like a jigsaw puzzle. Our approach is to impement business rules as constraints on data in a classical expert system formalism sometimes called production rules. Our system works by allowing good data to pass through a system of constraints unchecked. Bad data violate constraints and are flagged, and then fed back after correction. Constraints are added incrementally as better understanding of the business rules is gained. We include a real-life case study.	Data quality through knowledge engineering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gloria T. Lau:Kincho H. Law:Gio Wiederhold	Government regulations are semi-structured text documents that are often voluminous, heavily cross-referenced between provisions and even ambiguous. Multiple sources of regulations lead to difficulties in both understanding and complying with all applicable codes. In this work, we propose a framework for regulation management and similarity analysis. An online repository for legal documents is created with the help of text mining tool, and users can access regulatory documents either through the natural hierarchy of provisions or from a taxonomy generated by knowledge engineers based on concepts. Our similarity analysis core identifies relevant provisions and brings them to the user's attention, and this is performed by utilizing both the hierarchical and referential structures of regulations to provide a better comparison between provisions. Preliminary results show that our system reveals hidden similarities that are not apparent between provisions based on node content comparisons.	Similarity analysis on government regulations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Uwe F. Mayer:Armand Sarkissian	Data mining techniques are routinely used by fundraisers to select those prospects from a large pool of candidates who are most likely to make a financial contribution. These techniques often rely on statistical models based on trial performance data. This trial performance data is typically obtained by soliciting a smaller sample of the possible prospect pool. Collecting this trial data involves a cost; therefore the fundraiser is interested in keeping the trial size small while still collecting enough data to build a reliable statistical model that will be used to evaluate the remainder of the prospects.We describe an experimental design approach to optimally choose the trial prospects from an existing large pool of prospects. Prospects are clustered to render the problem practically tractable. We modify the standard D-optimality algorithm to prevent repeated selection of the same prospect cluster, since each prospect can only be solicited at most once.We assess the benefits of this approach on the KDD-98 data set by comparing the performance of the model based on the optimal trial data set with that of a model based on a randomly selected trial data set of equal size.	Experimental design for solicitation campaigns	NA:NA	2018
M. Otey:S. Parthasarathy:A. Ghoting:G. Li:S. Narravula:D. Panda	We present and evaluate a NIC-based network intrusion detection system. Intrusion detection at the NIC makes the system potentially tamper-proof and is naturally extensible to work in a distributed setting. Simple anomaly detection and signature detection based models have been implemented on the NIC firmware, which has its own processor and memory. We empirically evaluate such systems from the perspective of quality and performance (bandwidth of acceptable messages) under varying conditions of host load. The preliminary results we obtain are very encouraging and lead us to believe that such NIC-based security schemes could very well be a crucial part of next generation network security systems.	Towards NIC-based intrusion detection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chang-Shing Perng:David Thoenen:Genady Grabarnik:Sheng Ma:Joseph Hellerstein	Event management is a focal point in building and maintaining high quality information infrastructures. We have witnessed the shift of the paradigm of event management in practice from root cause analysis (RCA) to action-oriented analysis (AOA). IBM has developed a pioneer event management methodology (EMD) based on the AOA paradigm and applied it to more than two hundred production sites with success. Foreseeably, more and more event management professionals will apply AOA in different incarnations in building proactive management facilities. By that, building correct and effective Event Relationship Networks (ERNs) becomes the dominating activity in AOA service design process. Currently, the quality of ERNs and the cost of building them largely depend on the knowledge of domain experts. We believe that we can utilize historical event logs in shortening the ERNs design process and perfecting the quality of ERNs. In this paper, we describe in detail how to apply this data-driven approach in ERN validation, completion and construction.	Data-driven validation, completion and construction of event relationship networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kevin B. Pratt:Gleb Tschapek	We describe a visualization technique that uses brushed, parallel histograms to aid in understanding concept drift in multidimensional problem spaces. This technique illustrates the relationship between changes in distributions of multiple antecedent feature values and the outcome distribution. We can also observe effects on the relative utilization of predictive rules. Our parallel histogram technique solves the over-plotting difficulty of parallel coordinate graphs and the difficulty of comparing distributions of brushed and original data. We demonstrate our technique's usefulness in understanding concept drifts in power demand and stock investment returns.	Visualizing concept drift	NA:NA	2018
Keiko Shimazu:Atsuhito Momma:Koichi Furukawa	This paper reports the result of our experimental study on a new method of applying an association rule miner to discover useful information from customer inquiry database in a call center of a company. It has been claimed that association rule mining is not suited for text mining. To overcome this problem, we propose (1) to generate sequential data set of words with dependency structure from the Japanese text database, and (2) to employ a new method for extracting meaningful association rules by applying a new rule selection criterion. Each inquiry in the sequential data was represented as a list of word pairs, each of which consists of a verb and its dependent noun. The association rules were induced regarding each pair of words as an item. The rule selection criterion comes from our principle that we put heavier weights to co-occurrence of multiple items more than single item occurrence. We regarded a rule important if the existence of the items in the rule body significantly affects the occurrence of the item in the rule head. The selected rules were then categorized to form meaningful information classes. With this method, we succeeded in extracting useful information classes from the text database, which were not acquired by only simple keyword retrieval. Also, inquiries with multiple aspects were properly classified into corresponding multiple categories.	Experimental study of discovering essential information from customer inquiry	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eric Haseltine	During initial development, KDD solutions often focus heavily on algorithms, architectures, software, hardware, and systems engineering challenges, without first thoroughly exploring how end-users will employ the new KDD technology. As a result of such "system-centered" design, many useless features are implemented that prolong development and significantly add to life cycle cost, while making the system hard to operate and use. This presentation will describe an alternate "user-centered" approach -- borrowed from the consumer products industry -- that can produce KDD solutions with shorter development cycles, lower costs, and much better usability.	User-centered design for KDD	NA	2018
David Heckerman	I will discuss the use of graphical models for data mining. I will review key research areas including structure learning, variational methods, a relational modeling, and describe applications ranging from web traffic analysis to AIDS vaccine design.	Graphical models for data mining	NA	2018
Naoki Abe:Bianca Zadrozny:John Langford	Cost-sensitive learning addresses the issue of classification in the presence of varying costs associated with different types of misclassification. In this paper, we present a method for solving multi-class cost-sensitive learning problems using any binary classification algorithm. This algorithm is derived using hree key ideas: 1) iterative weighting; 2) expanding data space; and 3) gradient boosting with stochastic ensembles. We establish some theoretical guarantees concerning the performance of this method. In particular, we show that a certain variant possesses the boosting property, given a form of weak learning assumption on the component binary classifier. We also empirically evaluate the performance of the proposed method using benchmark data sets and verify that our method generally achieves better results than representative methods for cost-sensitive learning, in terms of predictive performance (cost minimization) and, in many cases, computational efficiency.	An iterative method for multi-class cost-sensitive learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Foto Afrati:Aristides Gionis:Heikki Mannila	One of the most well-studied problems in data mining is computing the collection of frequent item sets in large transactional databases. One obstacle for the applicability of frequent-set mining is that the size of the output collection can be far too large to be carefully examined and understood by the users. Even restricting the output to the border of the frequent item-set collection does not help much in alleviating the problem.In this paper we address the issue of overwhelmingly large output size by introducing and studying the following problem: What are the k sets that best approximate a collection of frequent item sets? Our measure of approximating a collection of sets by k sets is defined to be the size of the collection covered by the the k sets, i.e., the part of the collection that is included in one of the k sets. We also specify a bound on the number of extra sets that are allowed to be covered. We examine different problem variants for which we demonstrate the hardness of the corresponding problems and we provide simple polynomial-time approximation algorithms. We give empirical evidence showing that the approximation methods work well in practice.	Approximating a collection of frequent sets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eugene Agichtein:Venkatesh Ganti	Automatically segmenting unstructured text strings into structured records is necessary for importing the information contained in legacy sources and text collections into a data warehouse for subsequent querying, analysis, mining and integration. In this paper, we mine tables present in data warehouses and relational databases to develop an automatic segmentation system. Thus, we overcome limitations of existing supervised text segmentation approaches, which require comprehensive manually labeled training data. Our segmentation system is robust, accurate, and efficient, and requires no additional manual effort. Thorough evaluation on real datasets demonstrates the robustness and accuracy of our system, with segmentation accuracy exceeding state of the art supervised approaches.	Mining reference tables for automatic text segmentation	NA:NA	2018
Edoardo Airoldi:Christos Faloutsos	Hidden variables, evolving over time, appear in multiple settings, where it is valuable to recover them, typically from observed sums. Our driving application is 'network tomography', where we need to estimate the origin-destination (OD) traffic flows to determine, e.g., who is communicating with whom in a local area network. This information allows network engineers and managers to solve problems in design, routing, configuration debugging, monitoring and pricing. Unfortunately the direct measurement of the OD traffic is usually difficult, or even impossible; instead, we can easily measure the loads on every link, that is, sums of desirable OD flows.In this paper we propose i-FILTER, a method to solve this problem, which improves the state-of-the-art by (a) introducing explicit time dependence, and by (b) using realistic, non-Gaussian marginals in the statistical models for the traffic flows, as never attempted before. We give experiments on real data, where i-FILTER scales linearly with new observations and out-performs the best existing solutions, in a wide variety of settings. Specifically, on real network traffic measured at CMU, and at AT&T, i-FILTER reduced the estimation errors between 15% and 46% in all cases.	Recovering latent time-series from their observed sums: network tomography with particle filters.	NA:NA	2018
Brigham Anderson:Andrew Moore:Andrew Connolly:Robert Nichol	Astronomy increasingly faces the issue of massive, unwieldly data sets. The Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) [11] has so far generated tens of millions of images of distant galaxies, of which only a tiny fraction have been morphologically classified. Morphological classification in this context is achieved by fitting a parametric model of galaxy shape to a galaxy image. This is a nonlinear regression problem, whose challenges are threefold, 1) blurring of the image caused by atmosphere and mirror imperfections, 2) large numbers of local minima, and 3) massive data sets.Our strategy is to use the eigenimages of the parametric model to form a new feature space, and then to map both target image and the model parameters into this feature space. In this low-dimensional space we search for the best image-to-parameter match. To search the space, we sample it by creating a database of many random parameter vectors (prototypes) and mapping them into the feature space. The search problem then becomes one of finding the best prototype match, so the fitting process a nearest-neighbor search.In addition to the savings realized by decomposing the original space into an eigenspace, we can use the fact that the model is a linear sum of functions to reduce the prototypes further: the only prototypes stored are the components of the model function. A modified form of nearest neighbor is used to search among them.Additional complications arise in the form of missing data and heteroscedasticity, both of which are addressed with weighted linear regression. Compared to existing techniques, speed-ups ach-ieved are between 2 and 3 orders of magnitude. This should enable the analysis of the entire SDSS dataset.	Fast nonlinear regression via eigenimages applied to galactic morphology	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
A. J. Bagnall:G. J. Janacek	Clustering time series is a problem that has applications in a wide variety of fields, and has recently attracted a large amount of research. In this paper we focus on clustering data derived from Autoregressive Moving Average (ARMA) models using k-means and k-medoids algorithms with the Euclidean distance between estimated model parameters. We justify our choice of clustering technique and distance metric by reproducing results obtained in related research. Our research aim is to assess the affects of discretising data into binary sequences of above and below the median, a process known as clipping, on the clustering of time series. It is known that the fitted AR parameters of clipped data tend asymptotically to the parameters for unclipped data. We exploit this result to demonstrate that for long series the clustering accuracy when using clipped data from the class of ARMA models is not significantly different to that achieved with unclipped data. Next we show that if the data contains outliers then using clipped data produces significantly better clusterings. We then demonstrate that using clipped series requires much less memory and operations such as distance calculations can be much faster. Finally, we demonstrate these advantages on three real world data sets.	Clustering time series from ARMA models with clipped data	NA:NA	2018
Sugato Basu:Mikhail Bilenko:Raymond J. Mooney	Unsupervised clustering can be significantly improved using supervision in the form of pairwise constraints, i.e., pairs of instances labeled as belonging to same or different clusters. In recent years, a number of algorithms have been proposed for enhancing clustering quality by employing such supervision. Such methods use the constraints to either modify the objective function, or to learn the distance measure. We propose a probabilistic model for semi-supervised clustering based on Hidden Markov Random Fields (HMRFs) that provides a principled framework for incorporating supervision into prototype-based clustering. The model generalizes a previous approach that combines constraints and Euclidean distance learning, and allows the use of a broad range of clustering distortion measures, including Bregman divergences (e.g., Euclidean distance and I-divergence) and directional similarity measures (e.g., cosine similarity). We present an algorithm that performs partitional semi-supervised clustering of data by minimizing an objective function derived from the posterior energy of the HMRF model. Experimental results on several text data sets demonstrate the advantages of the proposed framework.	A probabilistic framework for semi-supervised clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rich Caruana:Alexandru Niculescu-Mizil	Many criteria can be used to evaluate the performance of supervised learning. Different criteria are appropriate in different settings, and it is not always clear which criteria to use. A further complication is that learning methods that perform well on one criterion may not perform well on other criteria. For example, SVMs and boosting are designed to optimize accuracy, whereas neural nets typically optimize squared error or cross entropy. We conducted an empirical study using a variety of learning methods (SVMs, neural nets, k-nearest neighbor, bagged and boosted trees, and boosted stumps) to compare nine boolean classification performance metrics: Accuracy, Lift, F-Score, Area under the ROC Curve, Average Precision, Precision/Recall Break-Even Point, Squared Error, Cross Entropy, and Probability Calibration. Multidimensional scaling (MDS) shows that these metrics span a low dimensional manifold. The three metrics that are appropriate when predictions are interpreted as probabilities: squared error, cross entropy, and calibration, lay in one part of metric space far away from metrics that depend on the relative order of the predicted values: ROC area, average precision, break-even point, and lift. In between them fall two metrics that depend on comparing predictions to a threshold: accuracy and F-score. As expected, maximum margin methods such as SVMs and boosted trees have excellent performance on metrics like accuracy, but perform poorly on probability metrics such as squared error. What was not expected was that the margin methods have excellent performance on ordering metrics such as ROC area and average precision. We introduce a new metric, SAR, that combines squared error, accuracy, and ROC area into one metric. MDS and correlation analysis shows that SAR is centrally located and correlates well with other metrics, suggesting that it is a good general purpose metric to use when more specific criteria are not known.	Data mining in metric space: an empirical analysis of supervised learning performance criteria	NA:NA	2018
Deepayan Chakrabarti:Spiros Papadimitriou:Dharmendra S. Modha:Christos Faloutsos	Large, sparse binary matrices arise in numerous data mining applications, such as the analysis of market baskets, web graphs, social networks, co-citations, as well as information retrieval, collaborative filtering, sparse matrix reordering, etc. Virtually all popular methods for the analysis of such matrices---e.g., k-means clustering, METIS graph partitioning, SVD/PCA and frequent itemset mining---require the user to specify various parameters, such as the number of clusters, number of principal components, number of partitions, and "support." Choosing suitable values for such parameters is a challenging problem.Cross-association is a joint decomposition of a binary matrix into disjoint row and column groups such that the rectangular intersections of groups are homogeneous. Starting from first principles, we furnish a clear, information-theoretic criterion to choose a good cross-association as well as its parameters, namely, the number of row and column groups. We provide scalable algorithms to approach the optimal. Our algorithm is parameter-free, and requires no user intervention. In practice it scales linearly with the problem size, and is thus applicable to very large matrices. Finally, we present experiments on multiple synthetic and real-life datasets, where our method gives high-quality, intuitive results.	Fully automatic cross-associations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
William W. Cohen:Sunita Sarawagi	We consider the problem of improving named entity recognition (NER) systems by using external dictionaries---more specifically, the problem of extending state-of-the-art NER systems by incorporating information about the similarity of extracted entities to entities in an external dictionary. This is difficult because most high-performance named entity recognition systems operate by sequentially classifying words as to whether or not they participate in an entity name; however, the most useful similarity measures score entire candidate names. To correct this mismatch we formalize a semi-Markov extraction process, which is based on sequentially classifying segments of several adjacent words, rather than single words. In addition to allowing a natural way of coupling high-performance NER methods and high-performance similarity functions, this formalism also allows the direct use of other useful entity-level features, and provides a more natural formulation of the NER problem than sequential word classification. Experiments in multiple domains show that the new model can substantially improve extraction performance over previous methods for using external dictionaries in NER.	Exploiting dictionaries in named entity extraction: combining semi-Markov extraction processes and data integration methods	NA:NA	2018
Nilesh Dalvi:Pedro Domingos:Mausam:Sumit Sanghai:Deepak Verma	Essentially all data mining algorithms assume that the data-generating process is independent of the data miner's activities. However, in many domains, including spam detection, intrusion detection, fraud detection, surveillance and counter-terrorism, this is far from the case: the data is actively manipulated by an adversary seeking to make the classifier produce false negatives. In these domains, the performance of a classifier can degrade rapidly after it is deployed, as the adversary learns to defeat it. Currently the only solution to this is repeated, manual, ad hoc reconstruction of the classifier. In this paper we develop a formal framework and algorithms for this problem. We view classification as a game between the classifier and the adversary, and produce a classifier that is optimal given the adversary's optimal strategy. Experiments in a spam detection domain show that this approach can greatly outperform a classifier learned in the standard way, and (within the parameters of the problem) automatically adapt the classifier to the adversary's evolving manipulations.	Adversarial classification	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Theodoros Evgeniou:Massimiliano Pontil	Past empirical work has shown that learning multiple related tasks from data simultaneously can be advantageous in terms of predictive performance relative to learning these tasks independently. In this paper we present an approach to multi--task learning based on the minimization of regularization functionals similar to existing ones, such as the one for Support Vector Machines (SVMs), that have been successfully used in the past for single--task learning. Our approach allows to model the relation between tasks in terms of a novel kernel function that uses a task--coupling parameter. We implement an instance of the proposed approach similar to SVMs and test it empirically using simulated as well as real data. The experimental results show that the proposed method performs better than existing multi--task learning methods and largely outperforms single--task learning using SVMs.	Regularized multi--task learning	NA:NA	2018
Christos Faloutsos:Kevin S. McCurley:Andrew Tomkins	We define a connection subgraph as a small subgraph of a large graph that best captures the relationship between two nodes. The primary motivation for this work is to provide a paradigm for exploration and knowledge discovery in large social networks graphs. We present a formal definition of this problem, and an ideal solution based on electricity analogues. We then show how to accelerate the computations, to produce approximate, but high-quality connection subgraphs in real time on very large (disk resident) graphs.We describe our operational prototype, and we demonstrate results on a social network graph derived from the World Wide Web. Our graph contains 15 million nodes and 96 million edges, and our system still produces quality responses within seconds.	Fast discovery of connection subgraphs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wei Fan	One major problem of existing methods to mine data streams is that it makes ad hoc choices to combine most recent data with some amount of old data to search the new hypothesis. The assumption is that the additional old data always helps produce a more accurate hypothesis than using the most recent data only. We first criticize this notion and point out that using old data blindly is not better than "gambling"; in other words, it helps increase the accuracy only if we are "lucky." We discuss and analyze the situations where old data will help and what kind of old data will help. The practical problem on choosing the right example from old data is due to the formidable cost to compare different possibilities and models. This problem will go away if we have an algorithm that is extremely efficient to compare all sensible choices with little extra cost. Based on this observation, we propose a simple, efficient and accurate cross-validation decision tree ensemble method.	Systematic data selection to mine concept-drifting data streams	NA	2018
Krishna Gade:Jianyong Wang:George Karypis	Various constrained frequent pattern mining problem formulations and associated algorithms have been developed that enable the user to specify various itemset-based constraints that better capture the underlying application requirements and characteristics. In this paper we introduce a new class of block constraints that determine the significance of an itemset pattern by considering the dense block that is formed by the pattern's items and its associated set of transactions. Block constraints provide a natural framework by which a number of important problems can be specified and make it possible to solve numerous problems on binary and real-valued datasets. However, developing computationally efficient algorithms to find these block constraints poses a number of challenges as unlike the different itemset-based constraints studied earlier, these block constraints are tough as they are neither anti-monotone, monotone, nor convertible. To overcome this problem, we introduce a new class of pruning methods that significantly reduce the overall search space and present a computationally efficient and scalable algorithm called CBMiner to find the closed itemsets that satisfy the block constraints.	Efficient closed pattern mining in the presence of tough block constraints	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bin He:Kevin Chen-Chuan Chang:Jiawei Han	To enable information integration, schema matching is a critical step for discovering semantic correspondences of attributes across heterogeneous sources. While complex matchings are common, because of their far more complex search space, most existing techniques focus on simple 1:1 matchings. To tackle this challenge, this paper takes a conceptually novel approach by viewing schema matching as correlation mining, for our task of matching Web query interfaces to integrate the myriad databases on the Internet. On this "deep Web," query interfaces generally form complex matchings between attribute groups (e.g., [author] corresponds to [first name, last name] in the Books domain). We observe that the co-occurrences patterns across query interfaces often reveal such complex semantic relationships: grouping attributes (e.g., [first name, last name]) tend to be co-present in query interfaces and thus positively correlated. In contrast, synonym attributes are negatively correlated because they rarely co-occur. This insight enables us to discover complex matchings by a correlation mining approach. In particular, we develop the DCM framework, which consists of data preparation, dual mining of positive and negative correlations, and finally matching selection. Unlike previous correlation mining algorithms, which mainly focus on finding strong positive correlations, our algorithm cares both positive and negative correlations, especially the subtlety of negative correlations, due to its special importance in schema matching. This leads to the introduction of a new correlation measure, $H$-measure, distinct from those proposed in previous work. We evaluate our approach extensively and the results show good accuracy for discovering complex matchings.	Discovering complex matchings across web query interfaces: a correlation mining approach	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tamás Horváth:Thomas Gärtner:Stefan Wrobel	With applications in biology, the world-wide web, and several other areas, mining of graph-structured objects has received significant interest recently. One of the major research directions in this field is concerned with predictive data mining in graph databases where each instance is represented by a graph. Some of the proposed approaches for this task rely on the excellent classification performance of support vector machines. To control the computational cost of these approaches, the underlying kernel functions are based on frequent patterns. In contrast to these approaches, we propose a kernel function based on a natural set of cyclic and tree patterns independent of their frequency, and discuss its computational aspects. To practically demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach, we use the popular NCI-HIV molecule dataset. Our experimental results show that cyclic pattern kernels can be computed quickly and offer predictive performance superior to recent graph kernels based on frequent patterns.	Cyclic pattern kernels for predictive graph mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
Minqing Hu:Bing Liu	Merchants selling products on the Web often ask their customers to review the products that they have purchased and the associated services. As e-commerce is becoming more and more popular, the number of customer reviews that a product receives grows rapidly. For a popular product, the number of reviews can be in hundreds or even thousands. This makes it difficult for a potential customer to read them to make an informed decision on whether to purchase the product. It also makes it difficult for the manufacturer of the product to keep track and to manage customer opinions. For the manufacturer, there are additional difficulties because many merchant sites may sell the same product and the manufacturer normally produces many kinds of products. In this research, we aim to mine and to summarize all the customer reviews of a product. This summarization task is different from traditional text summarization because we only mine the features of the product on which the customers have expressed their opinions and whether the opinions are positive or negative. We do not summarize the reviews by selecting a subset or rewrite some of the original sentences from the reviews to capture the main points as in the classic text summarization. Our task is performed in three steps: (1) mining product features that have been commented on by customers; (2) identifying opinion sentences in each review and deciding whether each opinion sentence is positive or negative; (3) summarizing the results. This paper proposes several novel techniques to perform these tasks. Our experimental results using reviews of a number of products sold online demonstrate the effectiveness of the techniques.	Mining and summarizing customer reviews	NA:NA	2018
Szymon Jaroszewicz:Dan A. Simovici	The paper presents a method for pruning frequent itemsets based on background knowledge represented by a Bayesian network. The interestingness of an itemset is defined as the absolute difference between its support estimated from data and from the Bayesian network. Efficient algorithms are presented for finding interestingness of a collection of frequent itemsets, and for finding all attribute sets with a given minimum interestingness. Practical usefulness of the algorithms and their efficiency have been verified experimentally.	Interestingness of frequent itemsets using Bayesian networks as background knowledge	NA:NA	2018
Glen Jeh:Jennifer Widom	Existing data mining algorithms on graphs look for nodes satisfying specific properties, such as specific notions of structural similarity or specific measures of link-based importance. While such analyses for predetermined properties can be effective in well-understood domains, sometimes identifying an appropriate property for analysis can be a challenge, and focusing on a single property may neglect other important aspects of the data. In this paper, we develop a foundation for mining the properties themselves. We present a theoretical framework defining the space of graph properties, a variety of mining queries enabled by the framework, techniques to handle the enormous size of the query space, and an experimental system called F-Miner that demonstrates the utility and feasibility of property mining.	Mining the space of graph properties	NA:NA	2018
Xin Jin:Yanzan Zhou:Bamshad Mobasher	The primary goal of Web usage mining is the discovery of patterns in the navigational behavior of Web users. Standard approaches, such as clustering of user sessions and discovering association rules or frequent navigational paths, do not generally provide the ability to automatically characterize or quantify the unobservable factors that lead to common navigational patterns. It is, therefore, necessary to develop techniques that can automatically discover hidden semantic relationships among users as well as between users and Web objects. Probabilistic Latent Semantic Analysis (PLSA) is particularly useful in this context, since it can uncover latent semantic associations among users and pages based on the co-occurrence patterns of these pages in user sessions. In this paper, we develop a unified framework for the discovery and analysis of Web navigational patterns based on PLSA. We show the flexibility of this framework in characterizing various relationships among users and Web objects. Since these relationships are measured in terms of probabilities, we are able to use probabilistic inference to perform a variety of analysis tasks such as user segmentation, page classification, as well as predictive tasks such as collaborative recommendations. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach through experiments performed on real-world data sets.	Web usage mining based on probabilistic latent semantic analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eamonn Keogh:Stefano Lonardi:Chotirat Ann Ratanamahatana	Most data mining algorithms require the setting of many input parameters. Two main dangers of working with parameter-laden algorithms are the following. First, incorrect settings may cause an algorithm to fail in finding the true patterns. Second, a perhaps more insidious problem is that the algorithm may report spurious patterns that do not really exist, or greatly overestimate the significance of the reported patterns. This is especially likely when the user fails to understand the role of parameters in the data mining process.Data mining algorithms should have as few parameters as possible, ideally none. A parameter-free algorithm would limit our ability to impose our prejudices, expectations, and presumptions on the problem at hand, and would let the data itself speak to us. In this work, we show that recent results in bioinformatics and computational theory hold great promise for a parameter-free data-mining paradigm. The results are motivated by observations in Kolmogorov complexity theory. However, as a practical matter, they can be implemented using any off-the-shelf compression algorithm with the addition of just a dozen or so lines of code. We will show that this approach is competitive or superior to the state-of-the-art approaches in anomaly/interestingness detection, classification, and clustering with empirical tests on time series/DNA/text/video datasets.	Towards parameter-free data mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ravi Kumar:Uma Mahadevan:D. Sivakumar	We present a graph-theoretic approach to discover storylines from search results. Storylines are windows that offer glimpses into interesting themes latent among the top search results for a query; they are different from, and complementary to, clusters obtained through traditional approaches. Our framework is axiomatically developed and combinatorial in nature, based on generalizations of the maximum induced matching problem on bipartite graphs. The core algorithmic task involved is to mine for signature structures in a robust graph representation of the search results. We present a very fast algorithm for this task based on local search. Experiments show that the collection of storylines extracted through our algorithm offers a concise organization of the wealth of information hidden beyond the first page of search results.	A graph-theoretic approach to extract storylines from search results	NA:NA:NA	2018
Cuiping Li:Gao Cong:Anthony K. H. Tung:Shan Wang	Data cube pre-computation is an important concept for supporting OLAP(Online Analytical Processing) and has been studied extensively. It is often not feasible to compute a complete data cube due to the huge storage requirement. Recently proposed quotient cube addressed this issue through a partitioning method that groups cube cells into equivalence partitions. Such an approach is not only useful for distributive aggregate functions such as SUM but can also be applied to the holistic aggregate functions like MEDIAN.Maintaining a data cube for holistic aggregation is a hard problem since its difficulty lies in the fact that history tuple values must be kept in order to compute the new aggregate when tuples are inserted or deleted. The quotient cube makes the problem harder since we also need to maintain the equivalence classes. In this paper, we introduce two techniques called addset data structure and sliding window to deal with this problem. We develop efficient algorithms for maintaining a quotient cube with holistic aggregation functions that takes up reasonably small storage space. Performance study shows that our algorithms are effective, efficient and scalable over large databases.	Incremental maintenance of quotient cube for median	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nikos Mamoulis:Huiping Cao:George Kollios:Marios Hadjieleftheriou:Yufei Tao:David W. Cheung	In many applications that track and analyze spatiotemporal data, movements obey periodic patterns; the objects follow the same routes (approximately) over regular time intervals. For example, people wake up at the same time and follow more or less the same route to their work everyday. The discovery of hidden periodic patterns in spatiotemporal data, apart from unveiling important information to the data analyst, can facilitate data management substantially. Based on this observation, we propose a framework that analyzes, manages, and queries object movements that follow such patterns. We define the spatiotemporal periodic pattern mining problem and propose an effective and fast mining algorithm for retrieving maximal periodic patterns. We also devise a novel, specialized index structure that can benefit from the discovered patterns to support more efficient execution of spatiotemporal queries. We evaluate our methods experimentally using datasets with object trajectories that exhibit periodicity.	Mining, indexing, and querying historical spatiotemporal data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ion Muslea	In this paper we provide a fast, data-driven solution to the failing query problem: given a query that returns an empty answer, how can one relax the query's constraints so that it returns a non-empty set of tuples? We introduce a novel algorithm, loqr, which is designed to relax queries that are in the disjunctive normal form and contain a mixture of discrete and continuous attributes. loqr discovers the implicit relationships that exist among the various domain attributes and then uses this knowledge to relax the constraints from the failing query.In a first step, loqr uses a small, randomly-chosen subset of the target database to learn a set of decision rules that predict whether an attribute's value satisfies the constraints in the failing query; this  query-driven operation is performed online for each failing query. In the second step, loqr uses nearest-neighbor techniques to find the learned rule that is the most similar to the failing query; then it uses the attributes' values from this rule to relax the failing query's constraints. Our experiments on six application domains show that loqr is both robust and fast: it successfully relaxes more than 95% of the failing queries, and it takes under a second for processing queries that consist of up to 20 attributes (larger queries of up to 93 attributes are processed in several seconds).	Machine learning for online query relaxation	NA	2018
Daniel B. Neill:Andrew W. Moore	Given an N x N grid of squares, where each square has a count cij and an underlying population pij, our goal is to find the rectangular region with the highest density, and to calculate its significance by randomization. An arbitrary density function D, dependent on a region's total count C and total population P, can be used. For example, if each count represents the number of disease cases occurring in that square, we can use Kulldorff's spatial scan statistic DK to find the most significant spatial disease cluster. A naive approach to finding the maximum density region requires O(N4) time, and is generally computationally infeasible. We present a multiresolution algorithm which partitions the grid into overlapping regions using a novel overlap-kd tree data structure, bounds the maximum score of subregions contained in each region, and prunes regions which cannot contain the maximum density region. For sufficiently dense regions, this method finds the maximum density region in O((N log N)2) time, in practice resulting in significant (20-2000x) speedups on both real and simulated datasets.	Rapid detection of significant spatial clusters	NA:NA	2018
Naren Ramakrishnan:Deept Kumar:Bud Mishra:Malcolm Potts:Richard F. Helm	We present an unusual algorithm involving classification trees---CARTwheels---where two trees are grown in opposite directions so that they are joined at their leaves. This approach finds application in a new data mining task we formulate, called redescription mining. A redescription is a shift-of-vocabulary, or a different way of communicating information about a given subset of data; the goal of redescription mining is to find subsets of data that afford multiple descriptions. We highlight the importance of this problem in domains such as bioinformatics, which exhibit an underlying richness and diversity of data descriptors (e.g., genes can be studied in a variety of ways). CARTwheels exploits the duality between class partitions and path partitions in an induced classification tree to model and mine redescriptions. It helps integrate multiple forms of characterizing datasets, situates the knowledge gained from one dataset in the context of others, and harnesses high-level abstractions for uncovering cryptic and subtle features of data. Algorithm design decisions, implementation details, and experimental results are presented.	Turning CARTwheels: an alternating algorithm for mining redescriptions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jude Shavlik:Mark Shavlik	We present and empirically analyze a machine-learning approach for detecting intrusions on individual computers. Our Winnow-based algorithm continually monitors user and system behavior, recording such properties as the number of bytes transferred over the last 10 seconds, the programs that currently are running, and the load on the CPU. In all, hundreds of measurements are made and analyzed each second. Using this data, our algorithm creates a model that represents each particular computer's range of normal behavior. Parameters that determine when an alarm should be raised, due to abnormal activity, are set on a per-computer basis, based on an analysis of training data. A major issue in intrusion-detection systems is the need for very low false-alarm rates. Our empirical results suggest that it is possible to obtain high intrusion-detection rates (95%) and low false-alarm rates (less than one per day per computer), without "stealing" too many CPU cycles (less than 1%). We also report which system measurements are the most valuable in terms of detecting intrusions. A surprisingly large number of different measurements prove significantly useful.	Selection, combination, and evaluation of effective software sensors for detecting abnormal computer usage	NA:NA	2018
Andrew Smith:Charles Elkan	Most learning methods assume that the training set is drawn randomly from the population to which the learned model is to be applied. However in many applications this assumption is invalid. For example, lending institutions create models of who is likely to repay a loan from training sets consisting of people in their records to whom loans were given in the past; however, the institution approved loan applications previously based on who was thought unlikely to default. Learning from only approved loans yields an incorrect model because the training set is a biased sample of the general population of applicants. The issue of including rejected samples in the learning process, or alternatively using rejected samples to adjust a model learned from accepted samples only, is called reject inference.The main contribution of this paper is a systematic analysis of different cases that arise in reject inference, with explanations of which cases arise in various real-world situations. We use Bayesian networks to formalize each case as a set of conditional independence relationships and identify eight cases, including the familiar missing completely at random (MCAR), missing at random (MAR), and missing not at random (MNAR) cases. For each case we present an overview of available learning algorithms. These algorithms have been published in separate fields of research, including epidemiology, econometrics, clinical trial evaluation, sociology, and credit scoring; our second major contribution is to describe these algorithms in a common framework.	A Bayesian network framework for reject inference	NA:NA	2018
Michael Steinbach:Pang-Ning Tan:Vipin Kumar	This paper introduces support envelopes---a new tool for analyzing association patterns---and illustrates some of their properties, applications, and possible extensions. Specifically, the support envelope for a transaction data set and a specified pair of positive integers (m,n) consists of the items and transactions that need to be searched to find any association pattern involving m or more transactions and n or more items. For any transaction data set with M transactions and N items, there is a unique lattice of at most M*N support envelopes that captures the structure of the association patterns in that data set. Because support envelopes are not encumbered by a support threshold, this support lattice provides a complete view of the association structure of the data set, including association patterns that have low support. Furthermore, the boundary of the support lattice---the support boundary---has at most min(M,N) envelopes and is especially interesting since it bounds the maximum sizes of potential association patterns---not only for frequent, closed, and maximal itemsets, but also for patterns, such as error-tolerant itemsets, that are more general. The association structure can be represented graphically as a two-dimensional scatter plot of the (m,n) values associated with the support envelopes of the data set, a feature that is useful in the exploratory analysis of association patterns. Finally, the algorithm to compute support envelopes is simple and computationally efficient, and it is straightforward to parallelize the process of finding all the support envelopes.	Support envelopes: a technique for exploring the structure of association patterns	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Steyvers:Padhraic Smyth:Michal Rosen-Zvi:Thomas Griffiths	We propose a new unsupervised learning technique for extracting information from large text collections. We model documents as if they were generated by a two-stage stochastic process. Each author is represented by a probability distribution over topics, and each topic is represented as a probability distribution over words for that topic. The words in a multi-author paper are assumed to be the result of a mixture of each authors' topic mixture. The topic-word and author-topic distributions are learned from data in an unsupervised manner using a Markov chain Monte Carlo algorithm. We apply the methodology to a large corpus of 160,000 abstracts and 85,000 authors from the well-known CiteSeer digital library, and learn a model with 300 topics. We discuss in detail the interpretation of the results discovered by the system including specific topic and author models, ranking of authors by topic and topics by author, significant trends in the computer science literature between 1990 and 2002, parsing of abstracts by topics and authors and detection of unusual papers by specific authors. An online query interface to the model is also discussed that allows interactive exploration of author-topic models for corpora such as CiteSeer.	Probabilistic author-topic models for information discovery	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chen Wang:Wei Wang:Jian Pei:Yongtai Zhu:Baile Shi	Mining frequent structural patterns from graph databases is an interesting problem with broad applications. Most of the previous studies focus on pruning unfruitful search subspaces effectively, but few of them address the mining on large, disk-based databases. As many graph databases in applications cannot be held into main memory, scalable mining of large, disk-based graph databases remains a challenging problem. In this paper, we develop an effective index structure, ADI (for <u>ad</u>jacency <u>i</u>ndex), to support mining various graph patterns over large databases that cannot be held into main memory. The index is simple and efficient to build. Moreover, the new index structure can be easily adopted in various existing graph pattern mining algorithms. As an example, we adapt the well-known gSpan algorithm by using the ADI structure. The experimental results show that the new index structure enables the scalable graph pattern mining over large databases. In one set of the experiments, the new disk-based method can mine graph databases with one million graphs, while the original gSpan algorithm can only handle databases of up to 300 thousand graphs. Moreover, our new method is faster than gSpan when both can run in main memory.	Scalable mining of large disk-based graph databases	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaoyun Wu:Rohini Srihari	Like many purely data-driven machine learning methods, Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifiers are learned exclusively from the evidence presented in the training dataset; thus a larger training dataset is required for better performance. In some applications, there might be human knowledge available that, in principle, could compensate for the lack of data. In this paper, we propose a simple generalization of SVM: Weighted Margin SVM (WMSVMs) that permits the incorporation of prior knowledge. We show that Sequential Minimal Optimization can be used in training WMSVM. We discuss the issues of incorporating prior knowledge using this rather general formulation. The experimental results show that the proposed methods of incorporating prior knowledge is effective.	Incorporating prior knowledge with weighted margin support vector machines	NA:NA	2018
Hui Xiong:Shashi Shekhar:Pang-Ning Tan:Vipin Kumar	Given a user-specified minimum correlation threshold θ and a market basket database with N items and T transactions, an all-strong-pairs correlation query finds all item pairs with correlations above the threshold θ. However, when the number of items and transactions are large, the computation cost of this query can be very high. In this paper, we identify an upper bound of Pearson's correlation coefficient for binary variables. This upper bound is not only much cheaper to compute than Pearson's correlation coefficient but also exhibits a special monotone property which allows pruning of many item pairs even without computing their upper bounds. A Two-step All-strong-Pairs corrElation que Ry (TAPER) algorithm is proposed to exploit these properties in a filter-and-refine manner. Furthermore, we provide an algebraic cost model which shows that the computation savings from pruning is independent or improves when the number of items is increased in data sets with common Zipf or linear rank-support distributions. Experimental results from synthetic and real data sets exhibit similar trends and show that the TAPER algorithm can be an order of magnitude faster than brute-force alternatives.	Exploiting a support-based upper bound of Pearson's correlation coefficient for efficiently identifying strongly correlated pairs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Guizhen Yang	Mining maximal frequent itemsets is one of the most fundamental problems in data mining. In this paper we study the complexity-theoretic aspects of maximal frequent itemset mining, from the perspective of counting the number of solutions. We present the first formal proof that the problem of counting the number of distinct maximal frequent itemsets in a database of transactions, given an arbitrary support threshold, is #P-complete, thereby providing strong theoretical evidence that the problem of mining maximal frequent itemsets is NP-hard. This result is of particular interest since the associated decision problem of checking the existence of a maximal frequent itemset is in P.We also extend our complexity analysis to other similar data mining problems dealing with complex data structures, such as sequences, trees, and graphs, which have attracted intensive research interests in recent years. Normally, in these problems a partial order among frequent patterns can be defined in such a way as to preserve the downward closure property, with maximal frequent patterns being those without any successor with respect to this partial order. We investigate several variants of these mining problems in which the patterns of interest are subsequences, subtrees, or subgraphs, and show that the associated problems of counting the number of maximal frequent patterns are all either #P-complete or #P-hard.	The complexity of mining maximal frequent itemsets and maximal frequent patterns	NA	2018
Jieping Ye:Ravi Janardan:Qi Li	Recent years have witnessed a dramatic increase in the quantity of image data collected, due to advances in fields such as medical imaging, reconnaissance, surveillance, astronomy, multimedia etc. With this increase has come the need to be able to store, transmit, and query large volumes of image data efficiently. A common operation on image databases is the retrieval of all images that are similar to a query image. For this, the images in the database are often represented as vectors in a high-dimensional space and a query is answered by retrieving all image vectors that are proximal to the query image in this space, under a suitable similarity metric. To overcome problems associated with high dimensionality, such as high storage and retrieval times, a dimension reduction step is usually applied to the vectors to concentrate relevant information in a small number of dimensions. Principal Component Analysis (PCA) is a well-known dimension reduction scheme. However, since it works with vectorized representations of images, PCA does not take into account the spatial locality of pixels in images. In this paper, a new dimension reduction scheme, called Generalized Principal Component Analysis (GPCA), is presented. This scheme works directly with images in their native state, as two-dimensional matrices, by projecting the images to a vector space that is the tensor product of two lower-dimensional vector spaces. Experiments on databases of face images show that, for the same amount of storage, GPCA is superior to PCA in terms of quality of the compressed images, query precision, and computational cost.	GPCA: an efficient dimension reduction scheme for image compression and retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jieping Ye:Qi Li:Hui Xiong:Haesun Park:Ravi Janardan:Vipin Kumar	Dimension reduction is critical for many database and data mining applications, such as efficient storage and retrieval of high-dimensional data. In the literature, a well-known dimension reduction scheme is Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA). The common aspect of previously proposed LDA based algorithms is the use of Singular Value Decomposition (SVD). Due to the difficulty of designing an incremental solution for the eigenvalue problem on the product of scatter matrices in LDA, there is little work on designing incremental LDA algorithms. In this paper, we propose an LDA based incremental dimension reduction algorithm, called IDR/QR, which applies QR Decomposition rather than SVD. Unlike other LDA based algorithms, this algorithm does not require the whole data matrix in main memory. This is desirable for large data sets. More importantly, with the insertion of new data items, the IDR/QR algorithm can constrain the computational cost by applying efficient QR-updating techniques. Finally, we evaluate the effectiveness of the IDR/QR algorithm in terms of classification accuracy on the reduced dimensional space. Our experiments on several real-world data sets reveal that the accuracy achieved by the IDR/QR algorithm is very close to the best possible accuracy achieved by other LDA based algorithms. However, the IDR/QR algorithm has much less computational cost, especially when new data items are dynamically inserted.	IDR/QR: an incremental dimension reduction algorithm via QR decomposition	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hong Zhang:Balaji Padmanabhan:Alexander Tuzhilin	In this paper we study market share rules, rules that have a certain market share statistic associated with them. Such rules are particularly relevant for decision making from a business perspective. Motivated by market share rules, in this paper we consider statistical quantitative rules (SQ rules) that are quantitative rules in which the RHS can be any statistic that is computed for the segment satisfying the LHS of the rule. Building on prior work, we present a statistical approach for learning all significant SQ rules, i.e., SQ rules for which a desired statistic lies outside a confidence interval computed for this rule. In particular we show how resampling techniques can be effectively used to learn significant rules. Since our method considers the significance of a large number of rules in parallel, it is susceptible to learning a certain number of "false" rules. To address this, we present a technique that can determine the number of significant SQ rules that can be expected by chance alone, and suggest that this number can be used to determine a "false discovery rate" for the learning procedure. We apply our methods to online consumer purchase data and report the results.	On the discovery of significant statistical quantitative rules	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xin Zhang:Nikos Mamoulis:David W. Cheung:Yutao Shou	Spatial collocation patterns associate the co-existence of non-spatial features in a spatial neighborhood. An example of such a pattern can associate contaminated water reservoirs with certain deceases in their spatial neighborhood. Previous work on discovering collocation patterns converts neighborhoods of feature instances to itemsets and applies mining techniques for transactional data to discover the patterns. We propose a method that combines the discovery of spatial neighborhoods with the mining process. Our technique is an extension of a spatial join algorithm that operates on multiple inputs and counts long pattern instances. As demonstrated by experimentation, it yields significant performance improvements compared to previous approaches.	Fast mining of spatial collocations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kamal Ali:Wijnand van Stam	We describe the TiVo television show collaborative recommendation system which has been fielded in over one million TiVo clients for four years. Over this install base, TiVo currently has approximately 100 million ratings by users over approximately 30,000 distinct TV shows and movies. TiVo uses an item-item (show to show) form of collaborative filtering which obviates the need to keep any persistent memory of each user's viewing preferences at the TiVo server. Taking advantage of TiVo's client-server architecture has produced a novel collaborative filtering system in which the server does a minimum of work and most work is delegated to the numerous clients. Nevertheless, the server-side processing is also highly scalable and parallelizable. Although we have not performed formal empirical evaluations of its accuracy, internal studies have shown its recommendations to be useful even for multiple user households. TiVo's architecture also allows for throttling of the server so if more server-side resources become available, more correlations can be computed on the server allowing TiVo to make recommendations for niche audiences.	TiVo: making show recommendations using a distributed collaborative filtering architecture	NA:NA	2018
Chad Cumby:Andrew Fano:Rayid Ghani:Marko Krema	This paper describes a prototype that predicts the shopping lists for customers in a retail store. The shopping list prediction is one aspect of a larger system we have developed for retailers to provide individual and personalized interactions with customers as they navigate through the retail store. Instead of using traditional personalization approaches, such as clustering or segmentation, we learn separate classifiers for each customer from historical transactional data. This allows us to make very fine-grained and accurate predictions about what items a particular individual customer will buy on a given shopping trip.We formally frame the shopping list prediction as a classification problem, describe the algorithms and methodology behind our system, its impact on the business case in which we frame it, and explore some of the properties of the data source that make it an interesting testbed for KDD algorithms. Our results show that we can predict a shopper's shopping list with high levels of accuracy, precision, and recall. We believe that this work impacts both the data mining and the retail business community. The formulation of shopping list prediction as a machine learning problem results in algorithms that should be useful beyond retail shopping list prediction. For retailers, the result is not only a practical system that increases revenues by up to 11%, but also enhances customer experience and loyalty by giving them the tools to individually interact with customers and anticipate their needs.	Predicting customer shopping lists from point-of-sale purchase data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lin Deng:Jian Pei:Jinwen Ma:Dik Lun Lee	Finding informative genes from microarray data is an important research problem in bioinformatics research and applications. Most of the existing methods rank features according to their discriminative capability and then find a subset of discriminative genes (usually top k genes). In particular, t-statistic criterion and its variants have been adopted extensively. This kind of methods rely on the statistics principle of t-test, which requires that the data follows a normal distribution. However, according to our investigation, the normality condition often cannot be met in real data sets.To avoid the assumption of the normality condition, in this paper, we propose a rank sum test method for informative gene discovery. The method uses a rank-sum statistic as the ranking criterion. Moreover, we propose using the significance level threshold, instead of the number of informative genes, as the parameter. The significance level threshold as a parameter carries the quality specification in statistics. We follow the Pitman efficiency theory to show that the rank sum method is more accurate and more robust than the t-statistic method in theory.To verify the effectiveness of the rank sum method, we use support vector machine (SVM) to construct classifiers based on the identified informative genes on two well known data sets, namely colon data and leukemia data. The prediction accuracy reaches 96.2% on the colon data and 100% on the leukemia data. The results are clearly better than those from the previous feature ranking methods. By experiments, we also verify that using significance level threshold is more effective than directly specifying an arbitrary k.	A rank sum test method for informative gene discovery	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Steve Donoho	"Inside information" comes in many forms: knowledge of a corporate takeover, a terrorist attack, unexpectedly poor earnings, the FDA's acceptance of a new drug, etc. Anyone who knows some piece of soon-to-break news possesses inside information. Historically, insider trading has been detected after the news is public, but this is often too late: fraud has been perpetrated, innocent investors have been disadvantaged, or terrorist acts have been carried out. This paper explores early detection of insider trading - detection before the news breaks. Data mining holds great promise for this emerging application, but the problem also poses significant challenges. We present the specific problem of insider trading in option markets, compare decision tree, logistic regression, and neural net results to results from an expert model, and discuss insights that knowledge discovery techniques shed upon this problem.	Early detection of insider trading in option markets	NA	2018
Daxin Jiang:Jian Pei:Murali Ramanathan:Chun Tang:Aidong Zhang	Extensive studies have shown that mining microarray data sets is important in bioinformatics research and biomedical applications. In this paper, we explore a novel type of gene-sample-time microarray data sets, which records the expression levels of various genes under a set of samples during a series of time points. In particular, we propose the mining of coherent gene clusters from such data sets. Each cluster contains a subset of genes and a subset of samples such that the genes are coherent on the samples along the time series. The coherent gene clusters may identify the samples corresponding to some phenotypes (e.g., diseases), and suggest the candidate genes correlated to the phenotypes. We present two efficient algorithms, namely the Sample-Gene Search and the Gene-Sample Search, to mine the complete set of coherent gene clusters. We empirically evaluate the performance of our approaches on both a real microarray data set and synthetic data sets. The test results have shown that our approaches are both efficient and effective to find meaningful coherent gene clusters.	Mining coherent gene clusters from gene-sample-time microarray data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tsuyoshi IDÉ:Hisashi KASHIMA	We report on an automated runtime anomaly detection method at the application layer of multi-node computer systems. Although several network management systems are available in the market, none of them have sufficient capabilities to detect faults in multi-tier Web-based systems with redundancy. We model a Web-based system as a weighted graph, where each node represents a "service" and each edge represents a dependency between services. Since the edge weights vary greatly over time, the problem we address is that of anomaly detection from a time sequence of graphs.In our method, we first extract a feature vector from the adjacency matrix that represents the activities of all of the services. The heart of our method is to use the principal eigenvector of the eigenclusters of the graph. Then we derive a probability distribution for an anomaly measure defined for a time-series of directional data derived from the graph sequence. Given a critical probability, the threshold value is adaptively updated using a novel online algorithm.We demonstrate that a fault in a Web application can be automatically detected and the faulty services are identified without using detailed knowledge of the behavior of the system.	Eigenspace-based anomaly detection in computer systems	NA:NA	2018
Aleksandar Lazarevic:Ramdev Kanapady:Chandrika Kamath	In this paper, we propose a novel data mining technique for the efficient damage detection within the large-scale complex mechanical structures. Every mechanical structure is defined by the set of finite elements that are called structure elements. Large-scale complex structures may have extremely large number of structure elements, and predicting the failure in every single element using the original set of natural frequencies as features is exceptionally time-consuming task. Traditional data mining techniques simply predict failure in each structure element individually using global prediction models that are built considering all data records. In order to reduce the time complexity of these models, we propose a localized clustering-regression based approach that consists of two phases: (1) building a local cluster around a data record of interest and (2) predicting an intensity of damage only in those structure elements that correspond to data records from the built cluster. For each test data record, we first build a cluster of data records from training data around it. Then, for each data record that belongs to discovered cluster, we identify corresponding structure elements and we build a localized regression model for each of these structure elements. These regression models for specific structure elements are constructed using only a specific set of relevant natural frequencies and merely those data records that correspond to the failure of that structure element. Experiments performed on the problem of damage prediction in a large electric transmission tower frame indicate that the proposed localized clustering-regression based approach is significantly more accurate and more computationally efficient than our previous hierarchical clustering approach, as well as global prediction models.	Effective localized regression for damage detection in large complex mechanical structures	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jessica Lin:Eamonn Keogh:Stefano Lonardi:Jeffrey P. Lankford:Donna M. Nystrom	Moments before the launch of every space vehicle, engineering discipline specialists must make a critical go/no-go decision. The cost of a false positive, allowing a launch in spite of a fault, or a false negative, stopping a potentially successful launch, can be measured in the tens of millions of dollars, not including the cost in morale and other more intangible detriments. The Aerospace Corporation is responsible for providing engineering assessments critical to the go/no-go decision for every Department of Defense space vehicle. These assessments are made by constantly monitoring streaming telemetry data in the hours before launch. We will introduce VizTree, a novel time-series visualization tool to aid the Aerospace analysts who must make these engineering assessments. VizTree was developed at the University of California, Riverside and is unique in that the same tool is used for mining archival data and monitoring incoming live telemetry. The use of a single tool for both aspects of the task allows a natural and intuitive transfer of mined knowledge to the monitoring task. Our visualization approach works by transforming the time series into a symbolic representation, and encoding the data in a modified suffix tree in which the frequency and other properties of patterns are mapped onto colors and other visual properties. We demonstrate the utility of our system by comparing it with state-of-the-art batch algorithms on several real and synthetic datasets.	Visually mining and monitoring massive time series	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeremy Z. Kolter:Marcus A. Maloof	In this paper, we describe the development of a fielded application for detecting malicious executables in the wild. We gathered 1971 benign and 1651 malicious executables and encoded each as a training example using n-grams of byte codes as features. Such processing resulted in more than 255 million distinct n-grams. After selecting the most relevant n-grams for prediction, we evaluated a variety of inductive methods, including naive Bayes, decision trees, support vector machines, and boosting. Ultimately, boosted decision trees outperformed other methods with an area under the roc curve of 0.996. Results also suggest that our methodology will scale to larger collections of executables. To the best of our knowledge, ours is the only fielded application for this task developed using techniques from machine learning and data mining.	Learning to detect malicious executables in the wild	NA:NA	2018
Lian Yan:David Verbel:Olivier Saidi	In order to effectively use machine learning algorithms, e.g., neural networks, for the analysis of survival data, the correct treatment of censored data is crucial. The concordance index (CI) is a typical metric for quantifying the predictive ability of a survival model. We propose a new algorithm that directly uses the CI as the objective function to train a model, which predicts whether an event will eventually occur or not. Directly optimizing the CI allows the model to make complete use of the information from both censored and non-censored observations. In particular, we approximate the CI via a differentiable function so that gradient-based methods can be used to train the model. We applied the new algorithm to predict the eventual recurrence of prostate cancer following radical prostatectomy. Compared with the traditional Cox proportional hazards model and several other algorithms based on neural networks and support vector machines, our algorithm achieves a significant improvement in being able to identify high-risk and low-risk groups of patients.	Predicting prostate cancer recurrence via maximizing the concordance index	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kenichi YOSHIDA:Fuminori ADACHI:Takashi WASHIO:Hiroshi MOTODA:Teruaki HOMMA:Akihiro NAKASHIMA:Hiromitsu FUJIKAWA:Katsuyuki YAMAZAKI	The volume of mass unsolicited electronic mail, often known as spam, has recently increased enormously and has become a serious threat to not only the Internet but also to society. This paper proposes a new spam detection method which uses document space density information. Although it requires extensive e-mail traffic to acquire the necessary information, an unsupervised learning engine with a short white list can achieve a 98% recall rate and 100% precision. A direct-mapped cache method contributes handling of over 13,000 e-mails per second. Experimental results, which were conducted using over 50 million actual e-mails of traffic, are also reported in this paper.	Density-based spam detector	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kaidi Zhao:Bing Liu:Thomas M. Tirpak:Andreas Schaller	Analyzing data to find trends, correlations, and stable patterns is an important task in many industrial applications. This paper proposes a new technique based on parallel coordinate visualization. Previous work on parallel coordinate methods has shown that they are effective only when variables that are correlated and/or show similar patterns are displayed adjacently. Although current parallel coordinate tools allow the user to manually rearrange the order of variables, this process is very time-consuming when the number of variables is large. Automated assistance is required. This paper introduces an edit-distance based technique to rearrange variables so that interesting change patterns can be easily detected visually. The Visual Miner (V-Miner) software includes both automated methods for visualizing common patterns and a query tool that enables the user to describe specific target patterns to be mined or displayed by the system. In addition, the system can filter data according to rules sets imported from other data mining tools. This feature was found very helpful in practice, because it enables decision makers to visually identify interesting rules and data segments for further analysis or data mining. This paper begins with an introduction to the proposed techniques and the V-Miner system. Next, a case study illustrates how V-Miner has been used at Motorola to guide product design and test decisions.	V-Miner: using enhanced parallel coordinates to mine product design and test data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Charu C. Aggarwal:Jiawei Han:Jianyong Wang:Philip S. Yu	Current models of the classification problem do not effectively handle bursts of particular classes coming in at different times. In fact, the current model of the classification problem simply concentrates on methods for one-pass classification modeling of very large data sets. Our model for data stream classification views the data stream classification problem from the point of view of a dynamic approach in which simultaneous training and testing streams are used for dynamic classification of data sets. This model reflects real life situations effectively, since it is desirable to classify test streams in real time over an evolving training and test stream. The aim here is to create a classification system in which the training model can adapt quickly to the changes of the underlying data stream. In order to achieve this goal, we propose an on-demand classification process which can dynamically select the appropriate window of past training data to build the classifier. The empirical results indicate that the system maintains a high classification accuracy in an evolving data stream, while providing an efficient solution to the classification task.	On demand classification of data streams	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Arindam Banerjee:Inderjit Dhillon:Joydeep Ghosh:Srujana Merugu:Dharmendra S. Modha	Co-clustering is a powerful data mining technique with varied applications such as text clustering, microarray analysis and recommender systems. Recently, an information-theoretic co-clustering approach applicable to empirical joint probability distributions was proposed. In many situations, co-clustering of more general matrices is desired. In this paper, we present a substantially generalized co-clustering framework wherein any Bregman divergence can be used in the objective function, and various conditional expectation based constraints can be considered based on the statistics that need to be preserved. Analysis of the co-clustering problem leads to the minimum Bregman information principle, which generalizes the maximum entropy principle, and yields an elegant meta algorithm that is guaranteed to achieve local optimality. Our methodology yields new algorithms and also encompasses several previously known clustering and co-clustering algorithms based on alternate minimization.	A generalized maximum entropy approach to bregman co-clustering and matrix approximation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Arindam Banerjee:John Langford	We propose and test an objective criterion for evaluation of clustering performance: How well does a clustering algorithm run on unlabeled data aid a classification algorithm? The accuracy is quantified using the PAC-MDL bound [3] in a semisupervised setting. Clustering algorithms which naturally separate the data according to (hidden) labels with a small number of clusters perform well. A simple extension of the argument leads to an objective model selection method. Experimental results on text analysis datasets demonstrate that this approach empirically results in very competitive bounds on test set performance on natural datasets.	An objective evaluation criterion for clustering	NA:NA	2018
Jinbo Bi:Tong Zhang:Kristin P. Bennett	We devise a boosting approach to classification and regression based on column generation using a mixture of kernels. Traditional kernel methods construct models based on a single positive semi-definite kernel with the type of kernel predefined and kernel parameters chosen according to cross-validation performance. Our approach creates models that are mixtures of a library of kernel models, and our algorithm automatically determines kernels to be used in the final model. The 1-norm and 2-norm regularization methods are employed to restrict the ensemble of kernel models. The proposed method produces sparser solutions, and thus significantly reduces the testing time. By extending the column generation (CG) optimization which existed for linear programs with 1-norm regularization to quadratic programs with 2-norm regularization, we are able to solve many learning formulations by leveraging various algorithms for constructing single kernel models. By giving different priorities to columns to be generated, we are able to scale CG boosting to large datasets. Experimental results on benchmark data are included to demonstrate its effectiveness.	Column-generation boosting methods for mixture of kernels	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hong Cheng:Xifeng Yan:Jiawei Han	Many real life sequence databases grow incrementally. It is undesirable to mine sequential patterns from scratch each time when a small set of sequences grow, or when some new sequences are added into the database. Incremental algorithm should be developed for sequential pattern mining so that mining can be adapted to incremental database updates. However, it is nontrivial to mine sequential patterns incrementally, especially when the existing sequences grow incrementally because such growth may lead to the generation of many new patterns due to the interactions of the growing subsequences with the original ones. In this study, we develop an efficient algorithm, IncSpan, for incremental mining of sequential patterns, by exploring some interesting properties. Our performance study shows that IncSpan outperforms some previously proposed incremental algorithms as well as a non-incremental one with a wide margin.	IncSpan: incremental mining of sequential patterns in large database	NA:NA:NA	2018
James Chilson:Raymond Ng:Alan Wagner:Ruben Zamar	The computation of covariance and correlation matrices are critical to many data mining applications and processes. Unfortunately the classical covariance and correlation matrices are very sensitive to outliers. Robust methods, such as QC and the Maronna method, have been proposed. However, existing algorithms for QC only give acceptable performance when the dimensionality of the matrix is in the hundreds; and the Maronna method is rarely used in practice because of its high computational cost.In this paper, we develop parallel algorithms for both QC and the Maronna method. We evaluate these parallel algorithms using a real data set of the gene expression of over 6,000 genes, giving rise to a matrix of over 18 million entries. In our experimental evaluation, we explore scalability in dimensionality and in the number of processors. We also compare the parallel behaviours of the two methods. After thorough experimentation, we conclude that for many data mining applications, both QC and Maronna are viable options. Less robust, but faster, QC is the recommended choice for small parallel platforms. On the other hand, the Maronna method is the recommended choice when a high degree of robustness is required, or when the parallel platform features a high number of processors.	Parallel computation of high dimensional robust correlation and covariance matrices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kaustav Das:Andrew Moore:Jeff Schneider	Surveillance systems have long been used to monitor industrial processes and are becoming increasingly popular in public health and anti-terrorism applications. Most early detection systems produce a time series of p-values or some other statistic as their output. Typically, the decision to signal an alarm is based on a threshold or other simple algorithm such as CUSUM that accumulates detection information temporally.We formulate a POMDP model of underlying events and observations from a detector. We solve the model and show how it is used for single-output detectors. When dealing with spatio-temporal data, scan statistics are a popular method of building detectors. We describe the use of scan statistics in surveillance and how our POMDP model can be used to perform alarm signaling with them. We compare the results obtained by our method with simple thresholding and CUSUM on synthetic and semi-synthetic health data.	Belief state approaches to signaling alarms in surveillance systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ian Davidson:Goutam Paul	Steganography involves hiding messages in innocuous media such as images, while steganalysis is the field of detecting these secret messages. The ultimate goal of steganalysis is two-fold: making a binary classification of a file as stego-bearing or innocent, and secondly, locating the hidden message with an aim to extracting, sterilizing or manipulating it. Almost all steganalysis approaches (known as attacks) focus on the first of these two issues. In this paper, we explore the difficult related problem: given that we know an image file contains steganography, locate which pixels contain the message. We treat the hidden message location problem as outlier detection using probability/energy measures of images motivated by the image restoration community. Pixels contributing the most to the energy calculations of an image are deemed outliers. Typically, of the top third of one percent of most energized pixels (outliers), we find that 87% are stego-bearing in color images and 61% in grayscale images. In all image types only 1% of all pixels are stego-bearing indicating our techniques provides a substantial lift over random guessing.	Locating secret messages in images	NA:NA	2018
Inderjit S. Dhillon:Yuqiang Guan:Brian Kulis	Kernel k-means and spectral clustering have both been used to identify clusters that are non-linearly separable in input space. Despite significant research, these methods have remained only loosely related. In this paper, we give an explicit theoretical connection between them. We show the generality of the weighted kernel k-means objective function, and derive the spectral clustering objective of normalized cut as a special case. Given a positive definite similarity matrix, our results lead to a novel weighted kernel k-means algorithm that monotonically decreases the normalized cut. This has important implications: a) eigenvector-based algorithms, which can be computationally prohibitive, are not essential for minimizing normalized cuts, b) various techniques, such as local search and acceleration schemes, may be used to improve the quality as well as speed of kernel k-means. Finally, we present results on several interesting data sets, including diametrical clustering of large gene-expression matrices and a handwriting recognition data set.	Kernel k-means: spectral clustering and normalized cuts	NA:NA:NA	2018
Martin Ester:Rong Ge:Wen Jin:Zengjian Hu	The microeconomic framework for data mining [7] assumes that an enterprise chooses a decision maximizing the overall utility over all customers where the contribution of a customer is a function of the data available on that customer. In Catalog Segmentation, the enterprise wants to design k product catalogs of size r that maximize the overall number of catalog products purchased. However, there are many applications where a customer, once attracted to an enterprise, would purchase more products beyond the ones contained in the catalog. Therefore, in this paper, we investigate an alternative problem formulation, that we call Customer-Oriented Catalog Segmentation, where the overall utility is measured by the number of customers that have at least a specified minimum interest t in the catalogs. We formally introduce the Customer-Oriented Catalog Segmentation problem and discuss its complexity. Then we investigate two different paradigms to design efficient, approximate algorithms for the Customer-Oriented Catalog Segmentation problem, greedy (deterministic) and randomized algorithms. Since greedy algorithms may be trapped in a local optimum and randomized algorithms crucially depend on a reasonable initial solution, we explore a combination of these two paradigms. Our experimental evaluation on synthetic and real data demonstrates that the new algorithms yield catalogs of significantly higher utility compared to classical Catalog Segmentation algorithms.	A microeconomic data mining problem: customer-oriented catalog segmentation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bobi Gilburd:Assaf Schuster:Ran Wolff	Secure multiparty computation allows parties to jointly compute a function of their private inputs without revealing anything but the output. Theoretical results [2] provide a general construction of such protocols for any function. Protocols obtained in this way are, however, inefficient, and thus, practically speaking, useless when a large number of participants are involved.The contribution of this paper is to define a new privacy model -- k-privacy -- by means of an innovative, yet natural generalization of the accepted trusted third party model. This allows implementing cryptographically secure efficient primitives for real-world large-scale distributed systems.As an example for the usefulness of the proposed model, we employ k-privacy to introduce a technique for obtaining knowledge -- by way of an association-rule mining algorithm -- from large-scale Data Grids, while ensuring that the privacy is cryptographically secure.	k-TTP: a new privacy model for large-scale distributed environments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Giles Hooker	There has historically been very little concern with extrapolation in Machine Learning, yet extrapolation can be critical to diagnose. Predictor functions are almost always learned on a set of highly correlated data comprising a very small segment of predictor space. Moreover, flexible predictors, by their very nature, are not controlled at points of extrapolation. This becomes a problem for diagnostic tools that require evaluation on a product distribution. It is also an issue when we are trying to optimize a response over some variable in the input space. Finally, it can be a problem in non-static systems in which the underlying predictor distribution gradually drifts with time or when typographical errors misrecord the values of some predictors.We present a diagnosis for extrapolation as a statistical test for a point originating from the data distribution as opposed to a null hypothesis uniform distribution. This allows us to employ general classification methods for estimating such a test statistic. Further, we observe that CART can be modified to accept an exact distribution as an argument, providing a better classification tool which becomes our extrapolation-detection procedure. We explore some of the advantages of this approach and present examples of its practical application.	Diagnosing extrapolation: tree-based density estimation	NA	2018
Giles Hooker	Many automated learning procedures lack interpretability, operating effectively as a black box: providing a prediction tool but no explanation of the underlying dynamics that drive it. A common approach to interpretation is to plot the dependence of a learned function on one or two predictors. We present a method that seeks not to display the behavior of a function, but to evaluate the importance of non-additive interactions within any set of variables. Should the function be close to a sum of low dimensional components, these components can be viewed and even modeled parametrically. Alternatively, the work here provides an indication of where intrinsically high-dimensional behavior takes place.The calculations used in this paper correspond closely with the functional ANOVA decomposition; a well-developed construction in Statistics. In particular, the proposed score of interaction importance measures the loss associated with the projection of the prediction function onto a space of additive models. The algorithm runs in linear time and we present displays of the output as a graphical model of the function for interpretation purposes.	Discovering additive structure in black box functions	NA	2018
Jun Huan:Wei Wang:Jan Prins:Jiong Yang	One fundamental challenge for mining recurring subgraphs from semi-structured data sets is the overwhelming abundance of such patterns. In large graph databases, the total number of frequent subgraphs can become too large to allow a full enumeration using reasonable computational resources. In this paper, we propose a new algorithm that mines only maximal frequent subgraphs, i.e. subgraphs that are not a part of any other frequent subgraphs. This may exponentially decrease the size of the output set in the best case; in our experiments on practical data sets, mining maximal frequent subgraphs reduces the total number of mined patterns by two to three orders of magnitude.Our method first mines all frequent trees from a general graph database and then reconstructs all maximal subgraphs from the mined trees. Using two chemical structure benchmarks and a set of synthetic graph data sets, we demonstrate that, in addition to decreasing the output size, our algorithm can achieve a five-fold speed up over the current state-of-the-art subgraph mining algorithms.	SPIN: mining maximal frequent subgraphs from graph databases	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vijay S. Iyengar	Detection of space-time clusters is an important function in various domains (e.g., epidemiology and public health). The pioneering work on the spatial scan statistic is often used as the basis to detect and evaluate such clusters. State-of-the-art systems based on this approach detect clusters with restrictive shapes that cannot model growth and shifts in location over time. We extend these methods significantly by using the flexible square pyramid shape to model such effects. A heuristic search method is developed to detect the most likely clusters using a randomized algorithm in combination with geometric shapes processing. The use of Monte Carlo methods in the original scan statistic formulation is continued in our work to address the multiple hypothesis testing issues. Our method is applied to a real data set on brain cancer occurrences over a 19 year period. The cluster detected by our method shows both growth and movement which could not have been modeled with the simpler cylindrical shapes used earlier. Our general framework can be extended quite easily to handle other flexible shapes for the space-time clusters.	On detecting space-time clusters	NA	2018
David Jensen:Jennifer Neville:Brian Gallagher	Procedures for collective inference make simultaneous statistical judgments about the same variables for a set of related data instances. For example, collective inference could be used to simultaneously classify a set of hyperlinked documents or infer the legitimacy of a set of related financial transactions. Several recent studies indicate that collective inference can significantly reduce classification error when compared with traditional inference techniques. We investigate the underlying mechanisms for this error reduction by reviewing past work on collective inference and characterizing different types of statistical models used for making inference in relational data. We show important differences among these models, and we characterize the necessary and sufficient conditions for reduced classification error based on experiments with real and simulated data.	Why collective inference improves relational classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Murat Kantarcioǧlu:Jiashun Jin:Chris Clifton	Privacy-preserving data mining has concentrated on obtaining valid results when the input data is private. An extreme example is Secure Multiparty Computation-based methods, where only the results are revealed. However, this still leaves a potential privacy breach: Do the results themselves violate privacy? This paper explores this issue, developing a framework under which this question can be addressed. Metrics are proposed, along with analysis that those metrics are consistent in the face of apparent problems.	When do data mining results violate privacy?	NA:NA:NA	2018
Aleksander Kołcz:Abdur Chowdhury:Joshua Alspector	Detection of near duplicate documents is an important problem in many data mining and information filtering applications. When faced with massive quantities of data, traditional duplicate detection techniques relying on direct inter-document similarity computation (e.g., using the cosine measure) are often not feasible given the time and memory performance constraints. On the other hand, fingerprint-based methods, such as I-Match, are very attractive computationally but may be brittle with respect to small changes to document content. We focus on approaches to near-replica detection that are based upon large-collection statistics and present a general technique of increasing their robustness via multiple lexicon randomization. In experiments with large web-page and spam-email datasets the proposed method is shown to consistently outperform traditional I-Match, with the relative improvement in duplicate-document recall reaching as high as 40-60%. The large gains in detection accuracy are offset by only small increases in computational requirements.	Improved robustness of signature-based near-replica detection via lexicon randomization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Krishna Kummamuru:Raghu Krishnapuram:Rakesh Agrawal	Clustering algorithms typically operate on a feature vector representation of the data and find clusters that are compact with respect to an assumed (dis)similarity measure between the data points in feature space. This makes the type of clusters identified highly dependent on the assumed similarity measure. Building on recent work in this area, we formally define a class of spatially varying dissimilarity measures and propose algorithms to learn the dissimilarity measure automatically from the data. The idea is to identify clusters that are compact with respect to the unknown spatially varying dissimilarity measure. Our experiments show that the proposed algorithms are more stable and achieve better accuracy on various textual data sets when compared with similar algorithms proposed in the literature.	Learning spatially variant dissimilarity (SVaD) measures	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yifan Li:Jiawei Han:Jiong Yang	Due to the advances in positioning technologies, the real time information of moving objects becomes increasingly available, which has posed new challenges to the database research. As a long-standing technique to identify overall distribution patterns in data, clustering has achieved brilliant successes in analyzing static datasets. In this paper, we study the problem of clustering moving objects, which could catch interesting pattern changes during the motion process and provide better insight into the essence of the mobile data points. In order to catch the spatial-temporal regularities of moving objects and handle large amounts of data, micro-clustering [20] is employed. Efficient techniques are proposed to keep the moving micro-clusters geographically small. Important events such as the collisions among moving micro-clusters are also identified. In this way, high quality moving micro-clusters are dynamically maintained, which leads to fast and competitive clustering result at any given time instance. We validate our approaches with a through experimental evaluation, where orders of magnitude improvement on running time is observed over normal K-Means clustering method [14].	Clustering moving objects	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jinze Liu:Wei Wang:Jiong Yang	Traditional clustering is a descriptive task that seeks to identify homogeneous groups of objects based on the values of their attributes. While domain knowledge is always the best way to justify clustering, few clustering algorithms have ever take domain knowledge into consideration. In this paper, the domain knowledge is represented by hierarchical ontology. We develop a framework by directly incorporating domain knowledge into clustering process, yielding a set of clusters with strong ontology implication. During the clustering process, ontology information is utilized to efficiently prune the exponential search space of the subspace clustering algorithms. Meanwhile, the algorithm generates automatical interpretation of the clustering result by mapping the natural hierarchical organized subspace clusters with significant categorical enrichment onto the ontology hierarchy. Our experiments on a set of gene expression data using gene ontology demonstrate that our pruning technique driven by ontology significantly improve the clustering performance with minimal degradation of the cluster quality. Meanwhile, many hierarchical organizations of gene clusters corresponding to a sub-hierarchies in gene ontology were also successfully captured.	A framework for ontology-driven subspace clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ting Liu:Ke Yang:Andrew W. Moore	This paper is about a variant of k nearest neighbor classification on large many-class high dimensional datasets.K nearest neighbor remains a popular classification technique, especially in areas such as computer vision, drug activity prediction and astrophysics. Furthermore, many more modern classifiers, such as kernel-based Bayes classifiers or the prediction phase of SVMs, require computational regimes similar to k-NN. We believe that tractable k-NN algorithms therefore continue to be important.This paper relies on the insight that even with many classes, the task of finding the majority class among the k nearest neighbors of a query need not require us to explicitly find those k nearest neighbors. This insight was previously used in (Liu et al., 2003) in two algorithms called KNS2 and KNS3 which dealt with fast classification in the case of two classes. In this paper we show how a different approach, IOC (standing for the International Olympic Committee) can apply to the case of n classes where n > 2.IOC assumes a slightly different processing of the datapoints in the neighborhood of the query. This allows it to search a set of metric trees, one for each class. During the searches it is possible to quickly prune away classes that cannot possibly be the majority.We give experimental results on datasets of up to 5.8 x 105 records and 1.5 x 103 attributes, frequently showing an order of magnitude acceleration compared with each of (i) conventional linear scan, (ii) a well-known independent SR-tree implementation of conventional k-NN and (iii) a highly optimized conventional k-NN metric tree search.	The IOC algorithm: efficient many-class non-parametric classification for high-dimensional data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Avraham A. Melkman:Eran Shaham	A coCluster of a m x n matrix X is a submatrix determined by a subset of the rows and a subset of the columns. The problem of finding coClusters with specific properties is of interest, in particular, in the analysis of microarray experiments. In that case the entries of the matrix X are the expression levels of $m$ genes in each of $n$ tissue samples. One goal of the analysis is to extract a subset of the samples and a subset of the genes, such that the expression levels of the chosen genes behave similarly across the subset of the samples, presumably reflecting an underlying regulatory mechanism governing the expression level of the genes.We propose to base the similarity of the genes in a coCluster on a simple biological model, in which the strength of the regulatory mechanism in sample j is Hj, and the response strength of gene i to the regulatory mechanism is Gi. In other words, every two genes participating in a good coCluster should have expression values in each of the participating samples, whose ratio is a constant depending only on the two genes. Noise in the expression levels of genes is taken into account by allowing a deviation from the model, measured by a relative error criterion. The sleeve-width of the coCluster reflects the extent to which entry i,j in the coCluster is allowed to deviate, relatively, from being expressed as the product GiHj.We present a polynomial-time Monte-Carlo algorithm which outputs a list of coClusters whose sleeve-widths do not exceed a prespecified value. Moreover, we prove that the list includes, with fixed probability, a coCluster which is near-optimal in its dimensions. Extensive experimentation with synthetic data shows that the algorithm performs well.	Sleeved coclustering	NA:NA	2018
Apostol (Paul) Natsev:Milind R. Naphade:John R. Smith	Semantic understanding of multimedia content is critical in enabling effective access to all forms of digital media data. By making large media repositories searchable, semantic content descriptions greatly enhance the value of such data. Automatic semantic understanding is a very challenging problem and most media databases resort to describing content in terms of low-level features or using manually ascribed annotations. Recent techniques focus on detecting semantic concepts in video, such as indoor, outdoor, face, people, nature, etc. This approach works for a fixed lexicon for which annotated training examples exist. In this paper we consider the problem of using such semantic concept detection to map the video clips into semantic spaces. This is done by constructing a model vector that acts as a compact semantic representation of the underlying content. We then present experiments in the semantic spaces leveraging such information for enhanced semantic retrieval, classification, visualization, and data mining purposes. We evaluate these ideas using a large video corpus and demonstrate significant performance gains in retrieval effectiveness.	Semantic representation: search and mining of multimedia content	NA:NA:NA	2018
Siegfried Nijssen:Joost N. Kok	Given a database, structure mining algorithms search for substructures that satisfy constraints such as minimum frequency, minimum confidence, minimum interest and maximum frequency. Examples of substructures include graphs, trees and paths. For these substructures many mining algorithms have been proposed. In order to make graph mining more efficient, we investigate the use of the "quickstart principle", which is based on the fact that these classes of structures are contained in each other, thus allowing for the development of structure mining algorithms that split the search into steps of increasing complexity. We introduce the GrAph/Sequence/Tree extractiON (Gaston) algorithm that implements this idea by searching first for frequent paths, then frequent free trees and finally cyclic graphs. We investigate two alternatives for computing the frequency of structures and present experimental results to relate these alternatives.	A quickstart in frequent structure mining can make a difference	NA:NA	2018
Jia-Yu Pan:Hyung-Jeong Yang:Christos Faloutsos:Pinar Duygulu	Given an image (or video clip, or audio song), how do we automatically assign keywords to it? The general problem is to find correlations across the media in a collection of multimedia objects like video clips, with colors, and/or motion, and/or audio, and/or text scripts. We propose a novel, graph-based approach, "MMG", to discover such cross-modal correlations.Our "MMG" method requires no tuning, no clustering, no user-determined constants; it can be applied to any multimedia collection, as long as we have a similarity function for each medium; and it scales linearly with the database size. We report auto-captioning experiments on the "standard" Corel image database of 680 MB, where it outperforms domain specific, fine-tuned methods by up to 10 percentage points in captioning accuracy (50% relative improvement).	Automatic multimedia cross-modal correlation discovery	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Poole	Mark-recapture models have for many years been used to estimate the unknown sizes of animal and bird populations. In this article we adapt a finite mixture mark-recapture model in order to estimate the number of active telephone lines in the USA. The idea is to use the calling patterns of lines that are observed on the long distance network to estimate the number of lines that do not appear on the network. We present a Bayesian approach and use Markov chain Monte Carlo methods to obtain inference from the posterior distributions of the model parameters. At the state level, our results are in fairly good agreement with recent published reports on line counts. For lines that are easily classified as business or residence, the estimates have low variance. When the classification is unknown, the variability increases considerably. Results are insensitive to changes in the prior distributions. We discuss the significant computational and data mining challenges caused by the scale of the data, approximately 350 million call-detail records per day observed over a number of weeks.	Estimating the size of the telephone universe: a Bayesian Mark-recapture approach	NA	2018
Alexandrin Popescul:Lyle H. Ungar	We use clustering to derive new relations which augment database schema used in automatic generation of predictive features in statistical relational learning. Entities derived from clusters increase the expressivity of feature spaces by creating new first-class concepts which contribute to the creation of new features. For example, in CiteSeer, papers can be clustered based on words or citations giving "topics", and authors can be clustered based on documents they co-author giving "communities". Such cluster-derived concepts become part of more complex feature expressions. Out of the large number of generated features, those which improve predictive accuracy are kept in the model, as decided by statistical feature selection criteria. We present results demonstrating improved accuracy on two tasks, venue prediction and link prediction, using CiteSeer data.	Cluster-based concept invention for statistical relational learning	NA:NA	2018
Paat Rusmevichientong:Shenghuo Zhu:David Selinger	Market research has shown that consumers exhibit a variety of different purchasing behaviors; specifically, some tend to purchase products earlier than other consumers. Identifying such early buyers can help personalize marketing strategies, potentially improving their effectiveness. In this paper, we present a non-parametric approach to the problem of identifying early buyers from purchase data. Our formulation takes as inputs the detailed purchase information of each consumer, with which we construct a weighted directed graph whose nodes correspond to consumers and whose edges correspond to purchases consumers have in common; the edge weights indicate how frequently consumers purchase products earlier than other consumers.Identifying early buyers corresponds to the problem of finding a subset of nodes in the graph with maximum difference between the weights of the outgoing and incoming edges. This problem is a variation of the maximum cut problem in a directed graph. We provide an approximation algorithm based on semidefinite programming (SDP) relaxations pioneered by Goemans and Williamson, and analyze its performance. We apply the algorithm to real purchase data from Amazon.com, providing new insights into consumer behaviors.	Identifying early buyers from purchase data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ashish P. Sanil:Alan F. Karr:Xiaodong Lin:Jerome P. Reiter	Reluctance of data owners to share their possibly confidential or proprietary data with others who own related databases is a serious impediment to conducting a mutually beneficial data mining analysis. We address the case of vertically partitioned data -- multiple data owners/agencies each possess a few attributes of every data record. We focus on the case of the agencies wanting to conduct a linear regression analysis with complete records without disclosing values of their own attributes. This paper describes an algorithm that enables such agencies to compute the exact regression coefficients of the global regression equation and also perform some basic goodness-of-fit diagnostics while protecting the confidentiality of their data. In more general settings beyond the privacy scenario, this algorithm can also be viewed as method for the distributed computation for regression analyses.	Privacy preserving regression modelling via distributed computation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jouni K. Seppänen:Heikki Mannila	Frequent itemset mining has been the subject of a lot of work in data mining research ever since association rules were introduced. In this paper we address a problem with frequent itemsets: that they only count rows where all their attributes are present, and do not allow for any noise. We show that generalizing the concept of frequency while preserving the performance of mining algorithms is nontrivial, and introduce a generalization of frequent itemsets, dense itemsets. Dense itemsets do not require all attributes to be present at the same time; instead, the itemset needs to define a sufficiently large submatrix that exceeds a given density threshold of attributes present.We consider the problem of computing all dense itemsets in a database. We give a levelwise algorithm for this problem, and also study the top-$k$ variations, i.e., finding the k densest sets with a given support, or the k best-supported sets with a given density. These algorithms select the other parameter automatically, which simplifies mining dense itemsets in an explorative way. We show that the concept captures natural facets of data sets, and give extensive empirical results on the performance of the algorithms. Combining the concept of dense itemsets with set cover ideas, we also show that dense itemsets can be used to obtain succinct descriptions of large datasets. We also discuss some variations of dense itemsets.	Dense itemsets	NA:NA	2018
Michael Steinbach:Pang-Ning Tan:Hui Xiong:Vipin Kumar	The goal of this paper is to show that generalizing the notion of support can be useful in extending association analysis to non-traditional types of patterns and non-binary data. To that end, we describe a framework for generalizing support that is based on the simple, but useful observation that support can be viewed as the composition of two functions: a function that evaluates the strength or presence of a pattern in each object (transaction) and a function that summarizes these evaluations with a single number. A key goal of any framework is to allow people to more easily express, explore, and communicate ideas, and hence, we illustrate how our support framework can be used to describe support for a variety of commonly used association patterns, such as frequent itemsets, general Boolean patterns, and error-tolerant itemsets. We also present two examples of the practical usefulness of generalized support. One example shows the usefulness of support functions for continuous data. Another example shows how the hyperclique pattern---an association pattern originally defined for binary data---can be extended to continuous data by generalizing a support function.	Generalizing the notion of support	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pang-Ning Tan:Rong Jin	Pattern ordering is an important task in data mining because the number of patterns extracted by standard data mining algorithms often exceeds our capacity to manually analyze them. In this paper, we present an effective approach to address the pattern ordering problem by combining the rank information gathered from disparate sources. Although rank aggregation techniques have been developed for applications such as meta-search engines, they are not directly applicable to pattern ordering for two reasons. First, the techniques are mostly supervised, i.e., they require a sufficient amount of labeled data. Second, the objects to be ranked are assumed to be independent and identically distributed (i.i.d), an assumption that seldom holds in pattern ordering. The method proposed in this paper is an adaptation of the original Hedge algorithm, modified to work in an unsupervised learning setting. Techniques for addressing the i.i.d. violation in pattern ordering are also presented. Experimental results demonstrate that our unsupervised Hedge algorithm outperforms many alternative techniques such as those based on weighted average ranking and singular value decomposition.	Ordering patterns by combining opinions from multiple sources	NA:NA	2018
Peter Tiño:Ata Kabán:Yi Sun	There is a notable interest in extending probabilistic generative modeling principles to accommodate for more complex structured data types. In this paper we develop a generative probabilistic model for visualizing sets of discrete symbolic sequences. The model, a constrained mixture of discrete hidden Markov models, is a generalization of density-based visualization methods previously developed for static data sets. We illustrate our approach on sequences representing web-log data and chorals by J.S. Bach.	A generative probabilistic approach to visualizing sets of symbolic sequences	NA:NA:NA	2018
Michail Vlachos:D. Gunopulos:Gautam Das	For the discovery of similar patterns in 1D time-series, it is very typical to perform a normalization of the data (for example a transformation so that the data follow a zero mean and unit standard deviation). Such transformations can reveal latent patterns and are very commonly used in datamining applications. However, when dealing with multidimensional time-series, which appear naturally in applications such as video-tracking, motion-capture etc, similar motion patterns can also be expressed at different orientations. It is therefore imperative to provide support for additional transformations, such as rotation. In this work, we transform the positional information of moving data, into a space that is translation, scale and rotation invariant. Our distance measure in the new space is able to detect elastic matches and can be efficiently lower bounded, thus being computationally tractable. The proposed methods are easy to implement, fast to compute and can have many applications for real world problems, in areas such as handwriting recognition and posture estimation in motion-capture data. Finally, we empirically demonstrate the accuracy and the efficiency of the technique, using real and synthetic handwriting data.	Rotation invariant distance measures for trajectories	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rebecca Wright:Zhiqiang Yang	As more and more activities are carried out using computers and computer networks, the amount of potentially sensitive data stored by business, governments, and other parties increases. Different parties may wish to benefit from cooperative use of their data, but privacy regulations and other privacy concerns may prevent the parties from sharing their data. Privacy-preserving data mining provides a solution by creating distributed data mining algorithms in which the underlying data is not revealed.In this paper, we present a privacy-preserving protocol for a particular data mining task: learning the Bayesian network structure for distributed heterogeneous data. In this setting, two parties owning confidential databases wish to learn the structure of Bayesian network on the combination of their databases without revealing anything about their data to each other. We give an efficient and privacy-preserving version of the K2 algorithm to construct the structure of a Bayesian network for the parties' joint data.	Privacy-preserving Bayesian network structure computation on distributed heterogeneous data	NA:NA	2018
Andrew Y. Wu:Michael Garland:Jiawei Han	Many real-world graphs have been shown to be scale-free---vertex degrees follow power law distributions, vertices tend to cluster, and the average length of all shortest paths is small. We present a new model for understanding scale-free networks based on multilevel geodesic approximation, using a new data structure called a multilevel mesh.Using this multilevel framework, we propose a new kind of graph clustering for data reduction of very large graph systems such as social, biological, or electronic networks. Finally, we apply our algorithms to real-world social networks and protein interaction graphs to show that they can reveal knowledge embedded in underlying graph structures. We also demonstrate how our data structures can be used to quickly answer approximate distance and shortest path queries on scale-free networks.	Mining scale-free networks using geodesic clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jun Yan:Benyu Zhang:Shuicheng Yan:Qiang Yang:Hua Li:Zheng Chen:Wensi Xi:Weiguo Fan:Wei-Ying Ma:Qiansheng Cheng	Subspace learning approaches have attracted much attention in academia recently. However, the classical batch algorithms no longer satisfy the applications on streaming data or large-scale data. To meet this desirability, Incremental Principal Component Analysis (IPCA) algorithm has been well established, but it is an unsupervised subspace learning approach and is not optimal for general classification tasks, such as face recognition and Web document categorization. In this paper, we propose an incremental supervised subspace learning algorithm, called Incremental Maximum Margin Criterion (IMMC), to infer an adaptive subspace by optimizing the Maximum Margin Criterion. We also present the proof for convergence of the proposed algorithm. Experimental results on both synthetic dataset and real world datasets show that IMMC converges to the similar subspace as that of batch approach.	IMMC: incremental maximum margin criterion	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Liang Huai Yang:Mong Li Lee:Wynne Hsu:Xinyu Guo	Caching the results of frequent query patterns can improve the performance of query evaluation. This paper describes a 2-pass mining algorithm called 2PXMiner to discover frequent XML query patterns. We design 3 data structures to expedite the mining process. Experiments results indicate that 2PXMiner is both efficient and scalable.	2PXMiner: an efficient two pass mining of frequent XML query patterns	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lei Yu:Huan Liu	In gene expression microarray data analysis, selecting a small number of discriminative genes from thousands of genes is an important problem for accurate classification of diseases or phenotypes. The problem becomes particularly challenging due to the large number of features (genes) and small sample size. Traditional gene selection methods often select the top-ranked genes according to their individual discriminative power without handling the high degree of redundancy among the genes. Latest research shows that removing redundant genes among selected ones can achieve a better representation of the characteristics of the targeted phenotypes and lead to improved classification accuracy. Hence, we study in this paper the relationship between feature relevance and redundancy and propose an efficient method that can effectively remove redundant genes. The efficiency and effectiveness of our method in comparison with representative methods has been demonstrated through an empirical study using public microarray data sets.	Redundancy based feature selection for microarray data	NA:NA	2018
ChengXiang Zhai:Atulya Velivelli:Bei Yu	In this paper, we define and study a novel text mining problem, which we refer to as Comparative Text Mining (CTM). Given a set of comparable text collections, the task of comparative text mining is to discover any latent common themes across all collections as well as summarize the similarity and differences of these collections along each common theme. This general problem subsumes many interesting applications, including business intelligence and opinion summarization. We propose a generative probabilistic mixture model for comparative text mining. The model simultaneously performs cross-collection clustering and within-collection clustering, and can be applied to an arbitrary set of comparable text collections. The model can be estimated efficiently using the Expectation-Maximization (EM) algorithm. We evaluate the model on two different text data sets (i.e., a news article data set and a laptop review data set), and compare it with a baseline clustering method also based on a mixture model. Experiment results show that the model is quite effective in discovering the latent common themes across collections and performs significantly better than our baseline mixture model.	A cross-collection mixture model for comparative text mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ruofei Zhang:Zhongfei (Mark) Zhang:Sandeep Khanzode	This paper proposes a data mining approach to modeling relationships among categories in image collection. In our approach, with image feature grouping, a visual dictionary is created for color, texture, and shape feature attributes respectively. Labeling each training image with the keywords in the visual dictionary, a classification tree is built. Based on the statistical properties of the feature space we define a structure, called α-Semantics Graph, to discover the hidden semantic relationships among the semantic categories embodied in the image collection. With the α-Semantics Graph, each semantic category is modeled as a unique fuzzy set to explicitly address the semantic uncertainty and semantic overlap among the categories in the feature space. The model is utilized in the semantics-intensive image retrieval application. An algorithm using the classification accuracy measures is developed to combine the built classification tree with the fuzzy set modeling method to deliver semantically relevant image retrieval for a given query image. The experimental evaluations have demonstrated that the proposed approach models the semantic relationships effectively and the image retrieval prototype system utilizing the derived model is promising both in effectiveness and efficiency.	A data mining approach to modeling relationships among categories in image collection	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhiqiang Zheng:Balaji Padmanabhan:Haoqiang Zheng	This paper proposes a novel Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) based approach for model combination. We first prove that for the 2-class classification problems DEA models identify the same convex hull as the popular ROC analysis used for model combination. For general k-class classifiers, we then develop a DEA-based method to combine multiple classifiers. Experiments show that the method outperforms other benchmark methods and suggest that DEA can be a promising tool for model combination.	A DEA approach for model combination	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yu Zhu:Lei Liu	Randomization is an economical and efficient approach for privacy preserving data mining (PPDM). In order to guarantee the performance of data mining and the protection of individual privacy, optimal randomization schemes need to be employed. This paper demonstrates the construction of optimal randomization schemes for privacy preserving density estimation. We propose a general framework for randomization using mixture models. The impact of randomization on data mining is quantified by performance degradation and mutual information loss, while privacy and privacy loss are quantified by interval-based metrics. Two different types of problems are defined to identify optimal randomization for PPDM. Illustrative examples and simulation results are reported.	Optimal randomization for privacy preserving data mining	NA:NA	2018
Naoki Abe:Naval Verma:Chid Apte:Robert Schroko	The issues of cross channel integration and customer life time value modeling are two of the most important topics surrounding customer relationship management (CRM) today. In the present paper, we describe and evaluate a novel solution that treats these two important issues in a unified framework of Markov Decision Processes (MDP). In particular, we report on the results of a joint project between IBM Research and Saks Fifth Avenue to investigate the applicability of this technology to real world problems. The business problem we use as a testbed for our evaluation is that of optimizing direct mail campaign mailings for maximization of profits in the store channel. We identify a problem common to cross-channel CRM, which we call the Cross-Channel Challenge, due to the lack of explicit linking between the marketing actions taken in one channel and the customer responses obtained in another. We provide a solution for this problem based on old and new techniques in reinforcement learning. Our in-laboratory experimental evaluation using actual customer interaction data show that as much as 7 to 8 per cent increase in the store profits can be expected, by employing a mailing policy automatically generated by our methodology. These results confirm that our approach is valid in dealing with the cross channel CRM scenarios in the real world.	Cross channel optimized marketing by reinforcement learning	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Selim Aksoy:Krzysztof Koperski:Carsten Tusk:Giovanni Marchisio	Advances in satellite technology and availability of downloaded images constantly increase the sizes of remote sensing image archives. Automatic content extraction, classification and content-based retrieval have become highly desired goals for the development of intelligent remote sensing databases. The common approach for mining these databases uses rules created by analysts. However, incorporating GIS information and human expert knowledge with digital image processing improves remote sensing image analysis. We developed a system that uses decision tree classifiers for interactive learning of land cover models and mining of image archives. Decision trees provide a promising solution for this problem because they can operate on both numerical (continuous) and categorical (discrete) data sources, and they do not require any assumptions about neither the distributions nor the independence of attribute values. This is especially important for the fusion of measurements from different sources like spectral data, DEM data and other ancillary GIS data. Furthermore, using surrogate splits provides the capability of dealing with missing data during both training and classification, and enables handling instrument malfunctions or the cases where one or more measurements do not exist for some locations. Quantitative and qualitative performance evaluation showed that decision trees provide powerful tools for modeling both pixel and region contents of images and mining of remote sensing image archives.	Interactive training of advanced classifiers for mining remote sensing image archives	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christian Borgs:Jennifer Chayes:Mohammad Mahdian:Amin Saberi	We propose to use the community structure of Usenet for organizing and retrieving the information stored in newsgroups. In particular, we study the network formed by cross-posts, messages that are posted to two or more newsgroups simultaneously. We present what is, to our knowledge, by far the most detailed data that has been collected on Usenet cross-postings. We analyze this network to show that it is a small-world network with significant clustering. We also present a spectral algorithm which clusters newsgroups based on the cross-post matrix. The result of our clustering provides a topical classification of newsgroups. Our clustering gives many examples of significant relationships that would be missed by semantic clustering methods.	Exploring the community structure of newsgroups	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Erick Cantú-Paz:Shawn Newsam:Chandrika Kamath	Numerous applications of data mining to scientific data involve the induction of a classification model. In many cases, the collection of data is not performed with this task in mind, and therefore, the data might contain irrelevant or redundant features that affect negatively the accuracy of the induction algorithms. The size and dimensionality of typical scientific data make it difficult to use any available domain information to identify features that discriminate between the classes of interest. Similarly, exploratory data analysis techniques have limitations on the amount and dimensionality of the data they can process effectively. In this paper, we describe applications of efficient feature selection methods to data sets from astronomy, plasma physics, and remote sensing. We use variations of recently proposed filter methods as well as traditional wrapper approaches, where practical. We discuss the general challenges of feature selection in scientific datasets, the strategies for success that were common among our diverse applications, and the lessons learned in solving these problems.	Feature selection in scientific applications	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ian Davidson:Ashish Grover:Ashwin Satyanarayana:Giri K. Tayi	Data quality is a central issue for many information-oriented organizations. Recent advances in the data quality field reflect the view that a database is the product of a manufacturing process. While routine errors, such as non-existent zip codes, can be detected and corrected using traditional data cleansing tools, many errors systemic to the manufacturing process cannot be addressed. Therefore, the product of the data manufacturing process is an imprecise recording of information about the entities of interest (i.e. customers, transactions or assets). In this way, the database is only one (flawed) version of the entities it is supposed to represent. Quality assurance systems such as Motorola's Six-Sigma and other continuous improvement methods document the data manufacturing process's shortcomings. A widespread method of documentation is quality matrices. In this paper, we explore the use of the readily available data quality matrices for the data mining classification task. We first illustrate that if we do not factor in these quality matrices, then our results for prediction are sub-optimal. We then suggest a general-purpose ensemble approach that perturbs the data according to these quality matrices to improve the predictive accuracy and show the improvement is due to a reduction in variance.	A general approach to incorporate data quality matrices into data mining algorithms	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nicolás de Abajo:Alberto B. Diez:Vanesa Lobato:Sergio R. Cuesta	World steel trade becomes more competitive every day and new high international quality standards and productivity levels can only be achieved by applying the latest computational technologies. Data driven analysis of complex processes is necessary in many industrial applications where analytical modeling is not possible. This paper presents the deployment of KDD technology in one real industrial problem: the development of new tinplate quality diagnostic models.The electrodeposition of tin on steel strips is the most critical stage of a complex process that involves a great amount of variables and operating conditions. Its optimization is not only a great commercial and economic challenge but also a compulsion due to the social impact of the tinplate product-more than 90% of the production is used for food packaging. The necessary certification with standards, like ISO 9000, requires the use of diagnostic models to minimize the costs and the environmental impact. This aim has been achieved following the multi-stage DM methodology CRISP-DM and a novel application of pro-active maintenance methods, as FMEA, for the identification of the specific process anomalies. Three DM tools have been used for the development of the models. The final results include two ANN tinplate quality diagnostic models, that provide the estimated quality of the final product just seconds after its production and only based on the process data. The results have much better performance than the classical Faraday's models widely used for the estimation.	ANN quality diagnostic models for packaging manufacturing: an industrial data mining case study	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jayant Kalagnanam:Moninder Singh:Sudhir Verma:Michael Patek:Yuk Wah Wong	Part numbers are widely used within an enterprise throughout the manufacturing process. The point of entry of such part numbers into this process is normally via a Bill of Materials, or BOM, sent by a contact manufacturer or supplier. Each line of the BOM provides information about one part such as the supplier part number, the BOM receiver's corresponding internal part number, an unstructured textual part description, the supplier name, etc. However, in a substantial number of cases, the BOM receiver's internal part number is absent. Hence, before this part can be incorporated into the receiver's manufacturing process, it has to be mapped to an internal part (of the BOM receiver) based on the information of the part in the BOM. Historically, this mapping process has been done manually which is a highly time-consuming, labor intensive and error-prone process. This paper describes a system for automating the mapping of BOM part numbers. The system uses a two step modeling and mapping approach. First, the system uses historical BOM data, receiver's part specifications data and receiver's part taxonomic data along with domain knowledge to automatically learn classification models for mapping a given BOM part description to successively lower levels of the receiver's part taxonomy to reduce the set of potential internal parts to which the BOM part could map to. Then, information about various part parameters is extracted from the BOM part description and compared to the specifications data of the potential internal parts to choose the final mapped internal part. Mappings done by the system are very accurate, and the system is currently being deployed within IBM for mapping BOMs received by the corporate procurement/manufacturing divisions.	A system for automated mapping of bill-of-materials part numbers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Satoshi Morinaga:Kenji Yamanishi	In a wide range of business areas dealing with text data streams, including CRM, knowledge management, and Web monitoring services, it is an important issue to discover topic trends and analyze their dynamics in real-time. Specifically we consider the following three tasks in topic trend analysis: 1)Topic Structure Identification; identifying what kinds of main topics exist and how important they are, 2)Topic Emergence Detection; detecting the emergence of a new topic and recognizing how it grows, 3)Topic Characterization; identifying the characteristics for each of main topics. For real topic analysis systems, we may require that these three tasks be performed in an on-line fashion rather than in a retrospective way, and be dealt with in a single framework. This paper proposes a new topic analysis framework which satisfies this requirement from a unifying viewpoint that a topic structure is modeled using a finite mixture model and that any change of a topic trend is tracked by learning the finite mixture model dynamically. In this framework we propose the usage of a time-stamp based discounting learning algorithm in order to realize real-time topic structure identification. This enables tracking the topic structure adaptively by forgetting out-of-date statistics. Further we apply the theory of dynamic model selection to detecting changes of main components in the finite mixture model in order to realize topic emergence detection. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework using real data collected at a help desk to show that we are able to track dynamics of topic trends in a timely fashion.	Tracking dynamics of topic trends using a finite mixture model	NA:NA	2018
Takayuki Nakata:Jun-ichi Takeuchi	We are developing a technique to predict travel time of a vehicle for an objective road section, based on real time traffic data collected through a probe-car system. In the area of Intelligent Transport System (ITS), travel time prediction is an important subject. Probe-car system is an upcoming data collection method, in which a number of vehicles are used as moving sensors to detect actual traffic situation. It can collect data concerning much larger area, compared with traditional fixed detectors. Our prediction technique is based on statistical analysis using AR model with seasonal adjustment and MDL (Minimum Description Length) criterion. Seasonal adjustment is used to handle periodicities of 24 hours in traffic data. Alternatively, we employ state space model, which can handle time series with periodicities. It is important to select really effective data for prediction, among the data from widespread area, which are collected via probe-car system. We do this using MDL criterion. That is, we find the explanatory variables that really have influence on the future travel time. In this paper, we experimentally show effectiveness of our method using probe-car data collected in Nagoya Metropolitan Area in 2002.	Mining traffic data from probe-car system for travel time prediction	NA:NA	2018
Carlos Ordonez	Using SQL has not been considered an efficient and feasible way to implement data mining algorithms. Although this is true for many data mining, machine learning and statistical algorithms, this work shows it is feasible to get an efficient SQL implementation of the well-known K-means clustering algorithm that can work on top of a relational DBMS. The article emphasizes both correctness and performance. From a correctness point of view the article explains how to compute Euclidean distance, nearest-cluster queries and updating clustering results in SQL. From a performance point of view it is explained how to cluster large data sets defining and indexing tables to store and retrieve intermediate and final results, optimizing and avoiding joins, optimizing and simplifying clustering aggregations, and taking advantage of sufficient statistics. Experiments evaluate scalability with synthetic data sets varying size and dimensionality. The proposed K-means implementation can cluster large data sets and exhibits linear scalability.	Programming the K-means clustering algorithm in SQL	NA	2018
Dmitry Pavlov:Ramnath Balasubramanyan:Byron Dom:Shyam Kapur:Jignashu Parikh	Naive Bayes classifier has long been used for text categorization tasks. Its sibling from the unsupervised world, the probabilistic mixture of multinomial models, has likewise been successfully applied to text clustering problems. Despite the strong independence assumptions that these models make, their attractiveness come from low computational cost, relatively low memory consumption, ability to handle heterogeneous features and multiple classes, and often competitiveness with the top of the line models. Recently, there has been several attempts to alleviate the problems of Naive Bayes by performing heuristic feature transformations, such as IDF, normalization by the length of the documents and taking the logarithms of the counts. We justify the use of these techniques and apply them to two problems: classification of products in Yahoo! Shopping and clustering the vectors of collocated terms in user queries to Yahoo! Search. The experimental evaluation allows us to draw conclusions about the promise that these transformations carry with regard to alleviating the strong assumptions of the multinomial model.	Document preprocessing for naive Bayes classification and clustering with mixture of multinomials	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Young Truong:Xiaodong Lin:Chris Beecher	Metabolomics is the "omics" science of biochemistry. The associated data include the quantitative measurements of all small molecule metabolites in a biological sample. These datasets provide a window into dynamic biochemical networks and conjointly with other "omic" data, genes and proteins, have great potential to unravel complex human diseases. The dataset used in this study has 63 individuals, normal and diseased, and the diseased are drug treated or not, so there are three classes. The goal is to classify these individuals using the observed metabolite levels for 317 measured metabolites. There are a number of statistical challenges: non-normal data, the number of samples is less than the number of metabolites; there are missing data and the fact that data are missing is informative (assay values below detection limits can point to a specific class); also, there are high correlations among the metabolites. We investigate support vector machines (SVM), and random forest (RF), for outlier detection, variable selection and classification. We use the variables selected with RF in SVM and visa versa. The benefit of this study is insight into interplay of variable selection and classification methods. We link our selected predictors to the biochemistry of the disease.	Learning a complex metabolomic dataset using random forests and support vector machines	NA:NA:NA	2018
David S. Vogel:Morgan C. Wang	Transformation of both the response variable and the predictors is commonly used in fitting regression models. However, these transformation methods do not always provide the maximum linear correlation between the response variable and the predictors, especially when there are non-linear relationships between predictors and the response such as the medical data set used in this study. A spline based transformation method is proposed that is second order smooth, continuous, and minimizes the mean squared error between the response and each predictor. Since the computation time for generating this spline is O(n), the processing time is reasonable with massive data sets. In contrast to cubic smoothing splines, the resulting transformation equations also display a high level of efficiency for scoring. Data used for predicting health outcomes contains an abundance of non-linear relationships between predictors and the outcomes requiring an algorithm for modeling them accurately. Thus, a transformation that fits an adaptive cubic spline to each of a set of variables is proposed. These curves are used as a set of transformation functions on the predictors. A case study of how the transformed variables can be fed into a simple linear regression model to predict risk outcomes is presented. The results show significant improvement over the performance of the original variables in both linear and non-linear models.	1-dimensional splines as building blocks for improving accuracy of risk outcomes models	NA:NA	2018
Prabhakar Raghavan	We propose a notion of incentive networks, modeling online settings in which multiple participants in a network help each other find information. Within this general setting, we study query incentive networks, a natural abstraction of question-answering systems with rewards for finding answers. We analyze strategic behavior in such networks and under a simple model of networks, show that the Nash equilibrium for participants' strategies exhibits an unexpected threshold phenomenon.	Incentive networks	NA	2018
Gian Fulgoni	The Internet takes behavioral consumer research to a new level by providing the ability to passively and continuously monitor the complete online behavior of millions of consumers in an opt-in, privacy protected manner. Imagine the analytical possibilities if every site visited, every page viewed, content seen, transaction conducted ..... all of this granularity in behavior --- was continuously captured with explicit consumer permission for millions of consumers and privacy was protected. What unique insights could one gain into consumers' behavior, their interests, passions and lifestyles? What behavior could be predicted? What commercial applications would be possible.	Mining the internet: the eighth wonder of the world	NA	2018
Albert-Laszlo Barabasi	Networks with complex topology describe systems as diverse as the cell, the World Wide Web or the society. The emergence of most networks is driven by self-organizing processes that are governed by simple but generic laws. The analysis of the cellular network of various organisms shows that cells and complex man-made networks, such as the Internet or the world wide web, and many social and collaboration networks share the same large-scale topology. I will show that the scale-free topology of these complex webs have important consequences on their robustness against failures and attacks, with implications on drug design, the Internet's ability to survive attacks and failures, and the ability of ideas and innovations to spread on the network.	The architecture of complexity: the structure and the dynamics of networks, from the web to the cell	NA	2018
Rong Chen:Edward H. Herskovits	We propose a Bayesian-network classifier with inverse-tree structure (BNCIT) for joint classification and variable selection. The problem domain of voxelwise magnetic-resonance image analysis often involves millions of variables but only dozens of samples. Judicious variable selection may render classification tractable, avoid over-fitting, and improve classifier performance. BNCIT embeds the variable-selection process within the classifier-training process, which makes this algorithm scalable. BNCIT is based on a Bayesian-network model with inverse-tree structure, i.e., the class variable C is a leaf node, and predictive variables are parents of C; thus, the classifier-training process returns a parent set for C, which is a subset of the Markov blanket of C. BNCIT uses voxels in the parent set, and voxels that are probabilistically equivalent to them, as variables for classification of new image data. Since the data set has a limited number of samples, we use the jackknife method to determine whether the classifier generated by BNCIT is a statistical artifact. In order to enhance stability and improve classification accuracy, we model the state of the probabilistically equivalent voxels with a latent variable. We employ an efficient method for determining states of hidden variables, thus reducing dramatically the computational cost of model generation. Experimental results confirm the accuracy and efficiency of BNCIT.	A Bayesian network classifier with inverse tree structure for voxelwise magnetic resonance image analysis	NA:NA	2018
Anirban Dasgupta:Ravi Kumar:Prabhakar Raghavan:Andrew Tomkins	Latent Semantic Indexing is a classical method to produce optimal low-rank approximations of a term-document matrix. However, in the context of a particular query distribution, the approximation thus produced need not be optimal. We propose VLSI, a new query-dependent (or "variable") low-rank approximation that minimizes approximation error for any specified query distribution. With this tool, it is possible to tailor the LSI technique to particular settings, often resulting in vastly improved approximations at much lower dimensionality. We validate this method via a series of experiments on classical corpora, showing that VLSI typically performs similarly to LSI with an order of magnitude fewer dimensions.	Variable latent semantic indexing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jianping Fan:Hangzai Luo:Mohand-Said Hacid	In this paper, we have proposed a novel framework to enable hierarchical image classification via statistical learning. By integrating the concept hierarchy for semantic image concept organization, a hierarchical mixture model is proposed to enable multi-level modeling of semantic image concepts and hierarchical classifier combination. Thus, learning the classifiers for the semantic image concepts at the high level of the concept hierarchy can be effectively achieved by detecting the presences of the relevant base-level atomic image concepts. To effectively learn the base-level classifiers for the atomic image concepts at the first level of the concept hierarchy, we have proposed a novel adaptive EM algorithm to achieve more effective model selection and parameter estimation. In addition, a novel penalty term is proposed to effectively eliminate the misleading effects of the outlying unlabeled images on semi-supervised classifier training. Our experimental results in a specific image domain of outdoor photos are very attractive.	Mining images on semantics via statistical learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Glenn Fung:Sathyakama Sandilya:R. Bharat Rao	We describe an algorithm for converting linear support vector machines and any other arbitrary hyperplane-based linear classifiers into a set of non-overlapping rules that, unlike the original classifier, can be easily interpreted by humans. Each iteration of the rule extraction algorithm is formulated as a constrained optimization problem that is computationally inexpensive to solve. We discuss various properties of the algorithm and provide proof of convergence for two different optimization criteria We demonstrate the performance and the speed of the algorithm on linear classifiers learned from real-world datasets, including a medical dataset on detection of lung cancer from medical images. The ability to convert SVM's and other "black-box" classifiers into a set of human-understandable rules, is critical not only for physician acceptance, but also to reducing the regulatory barrier for medical-decision support systems based on such classifiers.	Rule extraction from linear support vector machines	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bin Gao:Tie-Yan Liu:Xin Zheng:Qian-Sheng Cheng:Wei-Ying Ma	Heterogeneous data co-clustering has attracted more and more attention in recent years due to its high impact on various applications. While the co-clustering algorithms for two types of heterogeneous data (denoted by pair-wise co-clustering), such as documents and terms, have been well studied in the literature, the work on more types of heterogeneous data (denoted by high-order co-clustering) is still very limited. As an attempt in this direction, in this paper, we worked on a specific case of high-order co-clustering in which there is a central type of objects that connects the other types so as to form a star structure of the inter-relationships. Actually, this case could be a very good abstract for many real-world applications, such as the co-clustering of categories, documents and terms in text mining. In our philosophy, we treated such kind of problems as the fusion of multiple pair-wise co-clustering sub-problems with the constraint of the star structure. Accordingly, we proposed the concept of consistent bipartite graph co-partitioning, and developed an algorithm based on semi-definite programming (SDP) for efficient computation of the clustering results. Experiments on toy problems and real data both verified the effectiveness of our proposed method.	Consistent bipartite graph co-partitioning for star-structured high-order heterogeneous data co-clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aristides Gionis:Alexander Hinneburg:Spiros Papadimitriou:Panayiotis Tsaparas	It is commonly assumed that high-dimensional datasets contain points most of which are located in low-dimensional manifolds. Detection of low-dimensional clusters is an extremely useful task for performing operations such as clustering and classification, however, it is a challenging computational problem. In this paper we study the problem of finding subsets of points with low intrinsic dimensionality. Our main contribution is to extend the definition of fractal correlation dimension, which measures average volume growth rate, in order to estimate the intrinsic dimensionality of the data in local neighborhoods. We provide a careful analysis of several key examples in order to demonstrate the properties of our measure. Based on our proposed measure, we introduce a novel approach to discover clusters with low dimensionality. The resulting algorithms extend previous density based measures, which have been successfully used for clustering. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithms for discovering low-dimensional m-flats embedded in high dimensional spaces, and for detecting low-rank sub-matrices.	Dimension induced clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bart Goethals:Eveline Hoekx:Jan Van den Bussche	We present an algorithm for mining tree-shaped patterns in a large graph. Novel about our class of patterns is that they can contain constants, and can contain existential nodes which are not counted when determining the number of occurrences of the pattern in the graph. Our algorithm has a number of provable optimality properties, which are based on the theory of conjunctive database queries. We propose a database-oriented implementation in SQL, and report upon some initial experimental results obtained with our implementation on graph data about food webs, about protein interactions, and about citation analysis.	Mining tree queries in a graph	NA:NA:NA	2018
David Gondek:Thomas Hofmann	Data may often contain multiple plausible clusterings. In order to discover a clustering which is useful to the user, constrained clustering techniques have been proposed to guide the search. Typically, these techniques assume background knowledge in the form of explicit information about the desired clustering. In contrast, we consider the setting in which the background knowledge is instead about an undesired clustering. Such knowledge may be obtained from an existing classification or precedent algorithm. The problem is then to find a novel, "orthogonal" clustering in the data. We present a general algorithmic framework which makes use of cluster ensemble methods to solve this problem. One key advantage of this approach is that it takes a base clustering method which is used as a black box, allowing the practitioner to select the most appropriate clustering method for the domain. We present experimental results on synthetic and text data which establish the competitiveness of this framework.	Non-redundant clustering with conditional ensembles	NA:NA	2018
Daniel Gruhl:R. Guha:Ravi Kumar:Jasmine Novak:Andrew Tomkins	An increasing fraction of the global discourse is migrating online in the form of blogs, bulletin boards, web pages, wikis, editorials, and a dizzying array of new collaborative technologies. The migration has now proceeded to the point that topics reflecting certain individual products are sufficiently popular to allow targeted online tracking of the ebb and flow of chatter around these topics. Based on an analysis of around half a million sales rank values for 2,340 books over a period of four months, and correlating postings in blogs, media, and web pages, we are able to draw several interesting conclusions.First, carefully hand-crafted queries produce matching postings whose volume predicts sales ranks. Second, these queries can be automatically generated in many cases. And third, even though sales rank motion might be difficult to predict in general, algorithmic predictors can use online postings to successfully predict spikes in sales rank.	The predictive power of online chatter	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sudipto Guha:Boulos Harb	We consider the wavelet synopsis construction problem for data streams where given n numbers we wish to estimate the data by constructing a synopsis, whose size, say B is much smaller than n. The B numbers are chosen to minimize a suitable error between the original data and the estimate derived from the synopsis.Several good one-pass wavelet construction streaming algorithms minimizing the l2 error exist. For other error measures, the problem is less understood. We provide the first one-pass small space streaming algorithms with provable error guarantees (additive approximation) for minimizing a variety of non-Euclidean error measures including all weighted lp (including l∞) and relative error lp metrics.In several previous works solutions (for weighted l2, l∞ and maximum relative error) where the B synopsis coefficients are restricted to be wavelet coefficients of the data were proposed. This restriction yields suboptimal solutions on even fairly simple examples. Other lines of research, such as probabilistic synopsis, imposed restrictions on how the synopsis was arrived at. To the best of our knowledge this paper is the first paper to address the general problem, without any restriction on how the synopsis is arrived at, as well as provide the first streaming algorithms with guaranteed performance for these classes of error measures.	Wavelet synopsis for data streams: minimizing non-euclidean error	NA:NA	2018
Shlomo Hershkop:Salvatore J. Stolfo	Machine learning and data mining can be effectively used to model, classify and discover interesting information for a wide variety of data including email. The Email Mining Toolkit, EMT, has been designed to provide a wide range of analyses for arbitrary email sources. Depending upon the task, one can usually achieve very high accuracy, but with some amount of false positive tradeoff. Generally false positives are prohibitively expensive in the real world. In the case of spam detection, for example, even if one email is misclassified, this may be unacceptable if it is a very important email. Much work has been done to improve specific algorithms for the task of detecting unwanted messages, but less work has been report on leveraging multiple algorithms and correlating models in this particular domain of email analysis.EMT has been updated with new correlation functions allowing the analyst to integrate a number of EMT's user behavior models available in the core technology. We present results of combining classifier outputs for improving both accuracy and reducing false positives for the problem of spam detection. We apply these methods to a very large email data set and show results of different combination methods on these corpora. We introduce a new method to compare multiple and combined classifiers, and show how it differs from past work. The method analyzes the relative gain and maximum possible accuracy that can be achieved for certain combinations of classifiers to automatically choose the best combination.	Combining email models for false positive reduction	NA:NA	2018
Aleks Jakulin:Martin Možina:Janez Demšar:Ivan Bratko:Blaž Zupan	We propose a simple yet potentially very effective way of visualizing trained support vector machines. Nomograms are an established model visualization technique that can graphically encode the complete model on a single page. The dimensionality of the visualization does not depend on the number of attributes, but merely on the properties of the kernel. To represent the effect of each predictive feature on the log odds ratio scale as required for the nomograms, we employ logistic regression to convert the distance from the separating hyperplane into a probability. Case studies on selected data sets show that for a technique thought to be a black-box, nomograms can clearly expose its internal structure. By providing an easy-to-interpret visualization the analysts can gain insight and study the effects of predictive factors.	Nomograms for visualizing support vector machines	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Szymon Jaroszewicz:Tobias Scheffer	We consider a model in which background knowledge on a given domain of interest is available in terms of a Bayesian network, in addition to a large database. The mining problem is to discover unexpected patterns: our goal is to find the strongest discrepancies between network and database. This problem is intrinsically difficult because it requires inference in a Bayesian network and processing the entire, potentially very large, database. A sampling-based method that we introduce is efficient and yet provably finds the approximately most interesting unexpected patterns. We give a rigorous proof of the method's correctness. Experiments shed light on its efficiency and practicality for large-scale Bayesian networks and databases.	Fast discovery of unexpected patterns in data, relative to a Bayesian network	NA:NA	2018
Aleksander Kolcz	In applications of data mining characterized by highly skewed misclassification costs certain types of errors become virtually unacceptable. This limits the utility of a classifier to a range in which such constraints can be met. Naive Bayes, which has proven to be very useful in text mining applications due to high scalability, can be particularly affected. Although its 0/1 loss tends to be small, its misclassifications are often made with apparently high confidence. Aside from efforts to better calibrate Naive Bayes scores, it has been shown that its accuracy depends on document sparsity and feature selection can lead to marked improvement in classification performance. Traditionally, sparsity is controlled globally, and the result for any particular document may vary. In this work we examine the merits of local sparsity control for Naive Bayes in the context of highly asymmetric misclassification costs. In experiments with three benchmark document collections we demonstrate clear advantages of document-level feature selection. In the extreme cost setting, multinomial Naive Bayes with local sparsity control is able to outperform even some of the recently proposed effective improvements to the Naive Bayes classifier. There are also indications that local feature selection may be preferable in different cost settings.	Local sparsity control for naive Bayes with extreme misclassification costs	NA	2018
Jeremy Kubica:Andrew Moore:Andrew Connolly:Robert Jedicke	In this paper we examine the problem of efficiently finding sets of observations that conform to a given underlying motion model. While this problem is often phrased as a tracking problem, where it is called track initiation, it is useful in a variety of tasks where we want to find correspondences or patterns in spatial-temporal data. Unfortunately, this problem often suffers from a combinatorial explosion in the number of potential sets that must be evaluated. We consider the problem with respect to large-scale asteroid observation data, where the goal is to find associations among the observations that correspond to the same underlying asteroid. In this domain, it is vital that we can efficiently extract the underlying associations.We introduce a new methodology for track initiation that exhaustively considers all possible linkages. We then introduce an exact tree-based algorithm for tractably finding all compatible sets of points. Further, we extend this approach to use multiple trees, exploiting structure from several time steps at once. We compare this approach to a standard sequential approach and show how the use of multiple trees can provide a significant benefit.	A multiple tree algorithm for the efficient association of asteroid observations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tilman Lange:Joachim M. Buhmann	Data clustering represents an important tool in exploratory data analysis. The lack of objective criteria render model selection as well as the identification of robust solutions particularly difficult. The use of a stability assessment and the combination of multiple clustering solutions represents an important ingredient to achieve the goal of finding useful partitions. In this work, we propose a novel way of combining multiple clustering solutions for both, hard and soft partitions: the approach is based on modeling the probability that two objects are grouped together. An efficient EM optimization strategy is employed in order to estimate the model parameters. Our proposal can also be extended in order to emphasize the signal more strongly by weighting individual base clustering solutions according to their consistency with the prediction for previously unseen objects. In addition to that, the probabilistic model supports an out-of-sample extension that (i) makes it possible to assign previously unseen objects to classes of the combined solution and (ii) renders the efficient aggregation of solutions possible. In this work, we also shed some light on the usefulness of such combination approaches. In the experimental result section, we demonstrate the competitive performance of our proposal in comparison with other recently proposed methods for combining multiple classifications of a finite data set.	Combining partitions by probabilistic label aggregation	NA:NA	2018
Aleksandar Lazarevic:Vipin Kumar	Outlier detection has recently become an important problem in many industrial and financial applications. In this paper, a novel feature bagging approach for detecting outliers in very large, high dimensional and noisy databases is proposed. It combines results from multiple outlier detection algorithms that are applied using different set of features. Every outlier detection algorithm uses a small subset of features that are randomly selected from the original feature set. As a result, each outlier detector identifies different outliers, and thus assigns to all data records outlier scores that correspond to their probability of being outliers. The outlier scores computed by the individual outlier detection algorithms are then combined in order to find the better quality outliers. Experiments performed on several synthetic and real life data sets show that the proposed methods for combining outputs from multiple outlier detection algorithms provide non-trivial improvements over the base algorithm.	Feature bagging for outlier detection	NA:NA	2018
Gregor Leban:Minca Mramor:Ivan Bratko:Blaz Zupan	In the paper we show that diagnostic classes in cancer gene expression data sets, which most often include thousands of features (genes), may be effectively separated with simple two-dimensional plots such as scatterplot and radviz graph. The principal innovation proposed in the paper is a method called VizRank, which is able to score and identify the best among possibly millions of candidate projections for visualizations. Compared to recently much applied techniques in the field of cancer genomics that include neural networks, support vector machines and various ensemble-based approaches, VizRank is fast and finds visualization models that can be easily examined and interpreted by domain experts. Our experiments on a number of gene expression data sets show that VizRank was always able to find data visualizations with a small number of (two to seven) genes and excellent class separation. In addition to providing grounds for gene expression cancer diagnosis, VizRank and its visualizations also identify small sets of relevant genes, uncover interesting gene interactions and point to outliers and potential misclassifications in cancer data sets.	Simple and effective visual models for gene expression cancer diagnostics	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jure Leskovec:Jon Kleinberg:Christos Faloutsos	How do real graphs evolve over time? What are "normal" growth patterns in social, technological, and information networks? Many studies have discovered patterns in static graphs, identifying properties in a single snapshot of a large network, or in a very small number of snapshots; these include heavy tails for in- and out-degree distributions, communities, small-world phenomena, and others. However, given the lack of information about network evolution over long periods, it has been hard to convert these findings into statements about trends over time.Here we study a wide range of real graphs, and we observe some surprising phenomena. First, most of these graphs densify over time, with the number of edges growing super-linearly in the number of nodes. Second, the average distance between nodes often shrinks over time, in contrast to the conventional wisdom that such distance parameters should increase slowly as a function of the number of nodes (like O(log n) or O(log(log n)).Existing graph generation models do not exhibit these types of behavior, even at a qualitative level. We provide a new graph generator, based on a "forest fire" spreading process, that has a simple, intuitive justification, requires very few parameters (like the "flammability" of nodes), and produces graphs exhibiting the full range of properties observed both in prior work and in the present study.	Graphs over time: densification laws, shrinking diameters and possible explanations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tao Li	Clustering is the problem of identifying the distribution of patterns and intrinsic correlations in large data sets by partitioning the data points into similarity classes. This paper studies the problem of clustering binary data. This is the case for market basket datasets where the transactions contain items and for document datasets where the documents contain "bag of words". The contribution of the paper is three-fold. First a general binary data clustering model is presented. The model treats the data and features equally, based on their symmetric association relations, and explicitly describes the data assignments as well as feature assignments. We characterize several variations with different optimization procedures for the general model. Second, we also establish the connections between our clustering model with other existing clustering methods. Third, we also discuss the problem for determining the number of clusters for binary clustering. Experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed clustering model.	A general model for clustering binary data	NA	2018
Qiaozhu Mei:ChengXiang Zhai	Temporal Text Mining (TTM) is concerned with discovering temporal patterns in text information collected over time. Since most text information bears some time stamps, TTM has many applications in multiple domains, such as summarizing events in news articles and revealing research trends in scientific literature. In this paper, we study a particular TTM task -- discovering and summarizing the evolutionary patterns of themes in a text stream. We define this new text mining problem and present general probabilistic methods for solving this problem through (1) discovering latent themes from text; (2) constructing an evolution graph of themes; and (3) analyzing life cycles of themes. Evaluation of the proposed methods on two different domains (i.e., news articles and literature) shows that the proposed methods can discover interesting evolutionary theme patterns effectively.	Discovering evolutionary theme patterns from text: an exploration of temporal text mining	NA:NA	2018
Srujana Merugu:Joydeep Ghosh	We present a probabilistic model-based framework for distributed learning that takes into account privacy restrictions and is applicable to scenarios where the different sites have diverse, possibly overlapping subsets of features. Our framework decouples data privacy issues from knowledge integration issues by requiring the individual sites to share only privacy-safe probabilistic models of the local data, which are then integrated to obtain a global probabilistic model based on the union of the features available at all the sites. We provide a mathematical formulation of the model integration problem using the maximum likelihood and maximum entropy principles and describe iterative algorithms that are guaranteed to converge to the optimal solution. For certain commonly occurring special cases involving hierarchically ordered feature sets or conditional independence, we obtain closed form solutions and use these to propose an efficient alternative scheme by recursive decomposition of the model integration problem. To address interpretability concerns, we also present a modified formulation where the global model is assumed to belong to a specified parametric family. Finally, to highlight the generality of our framework, we provide empirical results for various learning tasks such as clustering and classification on different kinds of datasets consisting of continuous vector, categorical and directional attributes. The results show that high quality global models can be obtained without much loss of privacy.	A distributed learning framework for heterogeneous data sources	NA:NA	2018
Daniel B. Neill:Andrew W. Moore:Maheshkumar Sabhnani:Kenny Daniel	We propose a new class of spatio-temporal cluster detection methods designed for the rapid detection of emerging space-time clusters. We focus on the motivating application of prospective disease surveillance: detecting space-time clusters of disease cases resulting from an emerging disease outbreak. Automatic, real-time detection of outbreaks can enable rapid epidemiological response, potentially reducing rates of morbidity and mortality. Building on the prior work on spatial and space-time scan statistics, our methods combine time series analysis (to determine how many cases we expect to observe for a given spatial region in a given time interval) with new "emerging cluster" space-time scan statistics (to decide whether an observed increase in cases in a region is significant), enabling fast and accurate detection of emerging outbreaks. We evaluate these methods on two types of simulated outbreaks: aerosol release of inhalational anthrax (e.g. from a bioterrorist attack) and FLOO ("Fictional Linear Onset Outbreak"), injected into actual baseline data (Emergency Department records and over-the-counter drug sales data from Allegheny County). We demonstrate that our methods are successful in rapidly detecting both outbreak types while keeping the number of false positives low, and show that our new "emerging cluster" scan statistics consistently outperform the standard "persistent cluster" scan statistics approach.	Detection of emerging space-time clusters	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jian Pei:Daxin Jiang:Aidong Zhang	Joint mining of multiple data sets can often discover interesting, novel, and reliable patterns which cannot be obtained solely from any single source. For example, in cross-market customer segmentation, a group of customers who behave similarly in multiple markets should be considered as a more coherent and more reliable cluster than clusters found in a single market. As another example, in bioinformatics, by joint mining of gene expression data and protein interaction data, we can find clusters of genes which show coherent expression patterns and also produce interacting proteins. Such clusters may be potential pathways.In this paper, we investigate a novel data mining problem, mining cross-graph quasi-cliques, which is generalized from several interesting applications such as cross-market customer segmentation and joint mining of gene expression data and protein interaction data. We build a general model for mining cross-graph quasi-cliques, show why the complete set of cross-graph quasi-cliques cannot be found by previous data mining methods, and study the complexity of the problem. While the problem is difficult, we develop an efficient algorithm, Crochet, which exploits several interesting and effective techniques and heuristics to efficaciously mine cross-graph quasi-cliques. A systematic performance study is reported on both synthetic and real data sets. We demonstrate some interesting and meaningful cross-graph quasi-cliques in bioinformatics. The experimental results also show that algorithm Crochet is efficient and scalable.	On mining cross-graph quasi-cliques	NA:NA:NA	2018
Filip Radlinski:Thorsten Joachims	This paper presents a novel approach for using clickthrough data to learn ranked retrieval functions for web search results. We observe that users searching the web often perform a sequence, or chain, of queries with a similar information need. Using query chains, we generate new types of preference judgments from search engine logs, thus taking advantage of user intelligence in reformulating queries. To validate our method we perform a controlled user study comparing generated preference judgments to explicit relevance judgments. We also implemented a real-world search engine to test our approach, using a modified ranking SVM to learn an improved ranking function from preference data. Our results demonstrate significant improvements in the ranking given by the search engine. The learned rankings outperform both a static ranking function, as well as one trained without considering query chains.	Query chains: learning to rank from implicit feedback	NA:NA	2018
Saharon Rosset	Several authors have suggested viewing boosting as a gradient descent search for a good fit in function space. At each iteration observations are re-weighted using the gradient of the underlying loss function. We present an approach of weight decay for observation weights which is equivalent to "robustifying" the underlying loss function. At the extreme end of decay this approach converges to Bagging, which can be viewed as boosting with a linear underlying loss function. We illustrate the practical usefulness of weight decay for improving prediction performance and present an equivalence between one form of weight decay and "Huberizing" --- a statistical method for making loss functions more robust.	Robust boosting and its relation to bagging	NA	2018
Mark Sandler	We propose a new algorithm for dimensionality reduction and unsupervised text classification. We use mixture models as underlying process of generating corpus and utilize a novel, L1-norm based approach introduced by Kleinberg and Sandler [19]. We show that our algorithm performs extremely well on large datasets, with peak accuracy approaching that of supervised learning based on Support Vector Machines (SVMs) with large training sets. The method is based on the same idea that underlies Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI). We find a good low-dimensional subspace of a feature space and project all documents into it. However our projection minimizes different error, and unlike LSI we build a basis, that in many cases corresponds to the actual topics. We present results of testing of our algorithm on the abstracts of arXiv - an electronic repository of scientific papers, and the 20 Newsgroup dataset - a small snapshot of 20 specific newsgroups.	On the use of linear programming for unsupervised text classification	NA	2018
Martin Scholz	Subgroup discovery is a learning task that aims at finding interesting rules from classified examples. The search is guided by a utility function, trading off the coverage of rules against their statistical unusualness. One shortcoming of existing approaches is that they do not incorporate prior knowledge. To this end a novel generic sampling strategy is proposed. It allows to turn pattern mining into an iterative process. In each iteration the focus of subgroup discovery lies on those patterns that are unexpected with respect to prior knowledge and previously discovered patterns. The result of this technique is a small diverse set of understandable rules that characterise a specified property of interest. As another contribution this article derives a simple connection between subgroup discovery and classifier induction. For a popular utility function this connection allows to apply any standard rule induction algorithm to the task of subgroup discovery after a step of stratified resampling. The proposed techniques are empirically compared to state of the art subgroup discovery algorithms.	Sampling-based sequential subgroup mining	NA	2018
Ricardo Silva:Jiji Zhang:James G. Shanahan	In several organizations, it has become increasingly popular to document and log the steps that makeup a typical business process. In some situations, a normative workflow model of such processes is developed, and it becomes important to know if such a model is actually being followed by analyzing the available activity logs. In other scenarios, no model is available and, with the purpose of evaluating cases or creating new production policies, one is interested in learning a workflow representation of such activities. In either case, machine learning tools that can mine workflow models are of great interest and still relatively unexplored. We present here a probabilistic workflow model and a corresponding learning algorithm that runs in polynomial time. We illustrate the algorithm on example data derived from a real world workflow.	Probabilistic workflow mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
Antti Ukkonen:Mikael Fortelius:Heikki Mannila	In applications such as paleontology and medical genetics the 0-1 data has an underlying unknown order (the ages of the fossil sites, the locations of markers in the genome). The order might be total or partial: for example, two sites in different parts of the globe might be ecologically incomparable, or the ordering of certain markers might be different in different subgroups of the data. We consider the following problem. Given a table over a set of 0-1 variables, find a partial order for the rows minimizing a score function and being as specific as possible. The score function can be, e.g., the number of changes from 1 to 0 in a column (for paleontology) or the likelihood of the marker sequence (for genomic data). Our solution for this task first constructs small totally ordered fragments of the partial order, then finds good orientations for the fragments, and finally uses a simple and efficient heuristic method for finding a partial order that corresponds well with the collection of fragments. We describe the method, discuss its properties, and give empirical results on paleontological data demonstrating the usefulness of the method. In the application the use of the method highlighted some previously unknown properties of the data and pointed out probable errors in the data.	Finding partial orders from unordered 0-1 data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Muyuan Wang:Zhiwei Li:Lie Lu:Wei-Ying Ma:Naiyao Zhang	A web object is defined to represent any meaningful object embedded in web pages (e.g. images, music) or pointed to by hyperlinks (e.g. downloadable files). In many cases, users would like to search for information of a certain 'object', rather than a web page containing the query terms. To facilitate web object searching and organizing, in this paper, we propose a novel approach to web object indexing, by discovering its inherent structure information with existed domain knowledge. In our approach, first, Layered LSI spaces are built for a better representation of the hierarchically structured domain knowledge, in order to emphasize the specific semantics and term space in each layer of the domain knowledge. Meanwhile, the web object representation is constructed by hyperlink analysis, and further pruned to remove the noises. Then an optimal matching between the web object and the domain knowledge is performed, in order to pick out the structure attributes of the web object from the knowledge. Finally, the obtained structure attributes are used to re-organize and index the web objects. Our approach also indicates a new promising way to use trust-worthy Deep Web knowledge to help organize dispersive information of Surface Web.	Web object indexing using domain knowledge	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xuan-Hieu Phan:Le-Minh Nguyen:Tu-Bao Ho:Susumu Horiguchi	Discriminative sequential learning models like Conditional Random Fields (CRFs) have achieved significant success in several areas such as natural language processing or information extraction. Their key advantage is the ability to capture various non--independent and overlapping features of inputs. However, several unexpected pitfalls have a negative influence on the model's performance; these mainly come from an imbalance among classes/labels, irregular phenomena, and potential ambiguity in the training data. This paper presents a data--driven approach that can deal with such hard--to--predict data instances by discovering and emphasizing rare--but--important associations of statistics hidden in the training data. Mined associations are then incorporated into these models to deal with difficult examples. Experimental results of English phrase chunking and named entity recognition using CRFs show a significant improvement in accuracy. In addition to the technical perspective, our approach also highlights a potential connection between association mining and statistical learning by offering an alternative strategy to enhance learning performance with interesting and useful patterns discovered from large dataset.	Improving discriminative sequential learning with rare--but--important associations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xifeng Yan:Hong Cheng:Jiawei Han:Dong Xin	Frequent-pattern mining has been studied extensively on scalable methods for mining various kinds of patterns including itemsets, sequences, and graphs. However, the bottleneck of frequent-pattern mining is not at the efficiency but at the interpretability, due to the huge number of patterns generated by the mining process.In this paper, we examine how to summarize a collection of itemset patterns using only K representatives, a small number of patterns that a user can handle easily. The K representatives should not only cover most of the frequent patterns but also approximate their supports. A generative model is built to extract and profile these representatives, under which the supports of the patterns can be easily recovered without consulting the original dataset. Based on the restoration error, we propose a quality measure function to determine the optimal value of parameter K. Polynomial time algorithms are developed together with several optimization heuristics for efficiency improvement. Empirical studies indicate that we can obtain compact summarization in real datasets.	Summarizing itemset patterns: a profile-based approach	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xifeng Yan:X. Jasmine Zhou:Jiawei Han	Relational graphs are widely used in modeling large scale networks such as biological networks and social networks. In this kind of graph, connectivity becomes critical in identifying highly associated groups and clusters. In this paper, we investigate the issues of mining closed frequent graphs with connectivity constraints in massive relational graphs where each graph has around 10K nodes and 1M edges. We adopt the concept of edge connectivity and apply the results from graph theory, to speed up the mining process. Two approaches are developed to handle different mining requests: CloseCut, a pattern-growth approach, and splat, a pattern-reduction approach. We have applied these methods in biological datasets and found the discovered patterns interesting.	Mining closed relational graphs with connectivity constraints	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhiqiang Yang:Sheng Zhong:Rebecca N. Wright	Protection of privacy has become an important problem in data mining. In particular, individuals have become increasingly unwilling to share their data, frequently resulting in individuals either refusing to share their data or providing incorrect data. In turn, such problems in data collection can affect the success of data mining, which relies on sufficient amounts of accurate data in order to produce meaningful results. Random perturbation and randomized response techniques can provide some level of privacy in data collection, but they have an associated cost in accuracy. Cryptographic privacy-preserving data mining methods provide good privacy and accuracy properties. However, in order to be efficient, those solutions must be tailored to specific mining tasks, thereby losing generality.In this paper, we propose efficient cryptographic techniques for online data collection in which data from a large number of respondents is collected anonymously, without the help of a trusted third party. That is, our solution allows the miner to collect the original data from each respondent, but in such a way that the miner cannot link a respondent's data to the respondent. An advantage of such a solution is that, because it does not change the actual data, its success does not depend on the underlying data mining problem. We provide proofs of the correctness and privacy of our solution, as well as experimental data that demonstrates its efficiency. We also extend our solution to tolerate certain kinds of malicious behavior of the participants.	Anonymity-preserving data collection	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaoxin Yin:Jiawei Han:Philip S. Yu	Clustering is an essential data mining task with numerous applications. However, data in most real-life applications are high-dimensional in nature, and the related information often spreads across multiple relations. To ensure effective and efficient high-dimensional, cross-relational clustering, we propose a new approach, called CrossClus, which performs cross-relational clustering with user's guidance. We believe that user's guidance, even likely in very simple forms, could be essential for effective high-dimensional clustering since a user knows well the application requirements and data semantics. CrossClus is carried out as follows: A user specifies a clustering task and selects one or a small set of features pertinent to the task. CrossClus extracts the set of highly relevant features in multiple relations connected via linkages defined in the database schema, evaluates their effectiveness based on user's guidance, and identifies interesting clusters that fit user's needs. This method takes care of both quality in feature extraction and efficiency in clustering. Our comprehensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and scalability of this approach.	Cross-relational clustering with user's guidance	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hwanjo Yu	Learning ranking (or preference) functions has been a major issue in the machine learning community and has produced many applications in information retrieval. SVMs (Support Vector Machines) - a classification and regression methodology - have also shown excellent performance in learning ranking functions. They effectively learn ranking functions of high generalization based on the "large-margin" principle and also systematically support nonlinear ranking by the "kernel trick". In this paper, we propose an SVM selective sampling technique for learning ranking functions. SVM selective sampling (or active learning with SVM) has been studied in the context of classification. Such techniques reduce the labeling effort in learning classification functions by selecting only the most informative samples to be labeled. However, they are not extendable to learning ranking functions, as the labeled data in ranking is relative ordering, or partial orders of data. Our proposed sampling technique effectively learns an accurate SVM ranking function with fewer partial orders. We apply our sampling technique to the data retrieval application, which enables fuzzy search on relational databases by interacting with users for learning their preferences. Experimental results show a significant reduction of the labeling effort in inducing accurate ranking functions.	SVM selective sampling for ranking with application to data retrieval	NA	2018
Mohammed J. Zaki:Naren Ramakrishnan	Redescription mining is a newly introduced data mining problem that seeks to find subsets of data that afford multiple definitions. It can be viewed as a generalization of association rule mining, from finding implications to equivalences; as a form of conceptual clustering, where the goal is to identify clusters that afford dual characterizations; and as a form of constructive induction, to build features based on given descriptors that mutually reinforce each other. In this paper, we present the use of redescription mining as an important tool to reason about a collection of sets, especially their overlaps, similarities, and differences. We outline algorithms to mine all minimal (non-redundant) redescriptions underlying a dataset using notions of minimal generators of closed itemsets. We also show the use of these algorithms in an interactive context, supporting constraint-based exploration and querying. Specifically, we showcase a bioinformatics application that empowers the biologist to define a vocabulary of sets underlying a domain of genes and to reason about these sets, yielding significant biological insight.	Reasoning about sets using redescription mining	NA:NA	2018
Nan Zhang:Shengquan Wang:Wei Zhao	We address privacy-preserving classification problem in a distributed system. Randomization has been the approach proposed to preserve privacy in such scenario. However, this approach is now proven to be insecure as it has been discovered that some privacy intrusion techniques can be used to reconstruct private information from the randomized data tuples. We introduce an algebraic-technique-based scheme. Compared to the randomization approach, our new scheme can build classifiers more accurately but disclose less private information. Furthermore, our new scheme can be readily integrated as a middleware with existing systems.	A new scheme on privacy-preserving data classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jing Zhou:Dean Foster:Robert Stine:Lyle Ungar	In Streaming Feature Selection (SFS), new features are sequentially considered for addition to a predictive model. When the space of potential features is large, SFS offers many advantages over traditional feature selection methods, which assume that all features are known in advance. Features can be generated dynamically, focusing the search for new features on promising subspaces, and overfitting can be controlled by dynamically adjusting the threshold for adding features to the model. We describe α-investing, an adaptive complexity penalty method for SFS which dynamically adjusts the threshold on the error reduction required for adding a new feature. α-investing gives false discovery rate-style guarantees against overfitting. It differs from standard penalty methods such as AIC, BIC or RIC, which always drastically over- or under-fit in the limit of infinite numbers of non-predictive features. Empirical results show that SFS is competitive with much more compute-intensive feature selection methods such as stepwise regression, and allows feature selection on problems with over a million potential features.	Streaming feature selection using alpha-investing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
George Forman:Kave Eshghi:Stephane Chiocchetti	Hewlett-Packard has many millions of technical support documents in a variety of collections. As part of content management, such collections are periodically merged and groomed. In the process, it becomes important to identify and weed out support documents that are largely duplicates of newer versions. Doing so improves the quality of the collection, eliminates chaff from search results, and improves customer satisfaction.The technical challenge is that through workflow and human processes, the knowledge of which documents are related is often lost. We required a method that could identify similar documents based on their content alone, without relying on metadata, which may be corrupt or missing.We present an approach for finding similar files that scales up to large document repositories. It is based on chunking the byte stream to find unique signatures that may be shared in multiple files. An analysis of the file-chunk graph yields clusters of related files. An optional bipartite graph partitioning algorithm can be applied to greatly increase scalability.	Finding similar files in large document repositories	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ryohei Fujimaki:Takehisa Yairi:Kazuo Machida	Development of advanced anomaly detection and failure diagnosis technologies for spacecraft is a quite significant issue in the space industry, because the space environment is harsh, distant and uncertain. While several modern approaches based on qualitative reasoning, expert systems, and probabilistic reasoning have been developed recently for this purpose, any of them has a common difficulty in obtaining accurate and complete a priori knowledge on the space systems from human experts. A reasonable alternative to this conventional anomaly detection method is to reuse a vast amount of telemetry data which is multi-dimensional time-series continuously produced from a number of system components in the spacecraft.This paper proposes a novel "knowledge-free" anomaly detection method for spacecraft based on Kernel Feature Space and directional distribution, which constructs a system behavior model from the past normal telemetry data from a set of telemetry data in normal operation and monitors the current system status by checking incoming data with the model.In this method, we regard anomaly phenomena as unexpected changes of causal associations in the spacecraft system, and hypothesize that the significant causal associations inside the system will appear in the form of principal component directions in a high-dimensional non-linear feature space which is constructed by a kernel function and a set of data.We have confirmed the effectiveness of the proposed anomaly detection method by applying it to the telemetry data obtained from a simulator of an orbital transfer vehicle designed to make a rendezvous maneuver with the International Space Station.	An approach to spacecraft anomaly detection problem using kernel feature space	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rayid Ghani	Online auctions are generating a new class of fine-grained data about online transactions. This data lends itself to a variety of applications and services that can be provided to both buyers and sellers in online marketplaces. We collect data from online auctions and use several classification algorithms to predict the probable-end prices of online auction items. This paper describes the feature extraction and selection process, and several machine learning formulations of the price prediction problem. As a prototype application, we developed Auction Price Insurance that uses the predicted end-price to offer price insurance to sellers in online auctions. We define Price Insurance as a service that offers insurance to auction sellers that guarantees a price for their goods, for an appropriate premium. If the item sells for less than the insured price, the seller is reimbursed for the difference. We show that our price prediction techniques are accurate enough to offer price insurance as a profitable business. While this paper deals specifically with online auctions, we believe that this is an interesting case study that applies to dynamic markets where the price of the goods is variable and is affected by both internal and external factors that change over time.	Price prediction and insurance for online auctions	NA	2018
Natalie Glance:Matthew Hurst:Kamal Nigam:Matthew Siegler:Robert Stockton:Takashi Tomokiyo	Weblogs and message boards provide online forums for discussion that record the voice of the public. Woven into this mass of discussion is a wide range of opinion and commentary about consumer products. This presents an opportunity for companies to understand and respond to the consumer by analyzing this unsolicited feedback. Given the volume, format and content of the data, the appropriate approach to understand this data is to use large-scale web and text data mining technologies.This paper argues that applications for mining large volumes of textual data for marketing intelligence should provide two key elements: a suite of powerful mining and visualization technologies and an interactive analysis environment which allows for rapid generation and testing of hypotheses. This paper presents such a system that gathers and annotates online discussion relating to consumer products using a wide variety of state-of-the-art techniques, including crawling, wrapping, search, text classification and computational linguistics. Marketing intelligence is derived through an interactive analysis framework uniquely configured to leverage the connectivity and content of annotated online discussion.	Deriving marketing intelligence from online discussion	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bin He:Kevin Chen-Chuan Chang	The Web has been rapidly "deepened" by myriad searchable databases online, where data are hidden behind query interfaces. As an essential task toward integrating these massive "deep Web" sources, large scale schema matching (i.e., discovering semantic correspondences of attributes across many query interfaces) has been actively studied recently. In particular, many works have emerged to address this problem by "holistically" matching many schemas at the same time and thus pursuing "mining" approaches in nature. However, while holistic schema matching has built its promise upon the large quantity of input schemas, it also suffers the robustness problem caused by noisy data quality. Such noises often inevitably arise in the automatic extraction of schema data, which is mandatory in large scale integration. For holistic matching to be viable, it is thus essential to make it robust against noisy schemas. To tackle this challenge, we propose a data-ensemble framework with sampling and voting techniques, which is inspired by bagging predictors. Specifically, our approach creates an ensemble of matchers, by randomizing input schema data into many independently downsampled trials, executing the same matcher on each trial and then aggregating their ranked results by taking majority voting. As a principled basis, we provide analytic justification of the effectiveness of this data-ensemble framework. Further, empirically, our experiments on real Web data show that the "ensemblization" indeed significantly boosts the matching accuracy under noisy schema input, and thus maintains the desired robustness of a holistic matcher.	Making holistic schema matching robust: an ensemble approach	NA:NA	2018
Olfa Nasraoui:Cesar Cardona:Carlos Rojas	While scalable data mining methods are expected to cope with massive Web data, coping with evolving trends in noisy data in a continuous fashion, and without any unnecessary stoppages and reconfigurations is still an open challenge. This dynamic and single pass setting can be cast within the framework of mining evolving data streams. In this paper, we explore the task of mining mass user profiles by discovering evolving Web session clusters in a single pass with a recently proposed scalable immune based clustering approach (TECNO-STREAMS), and study the effect of the choice of different similarity measures on the mining process and on the interpretation of the mined patterns. We propose a simple similarity measure that has the advantage of explicitly coupling the precision and coverage criteria to the early learning stages, and furthermore requiring that the affinity of the data to the learned profiles or summaries be defined by the minimum of their coverage or precision, hence requiring that the learned profiles are simultaneously precise and complete, with no compromises.In our experiments, we study the task of mining evolving user profiles from Web clickstream data (web usage mining) in a single pass, and under different trend sequencing scenarios, showing that compared oto the cosine similarity measure, the proposed similarity measure explicitly based on precision and coverage allows the discovery of more correct profiles at the same precision or recall quality levels.	Using retrieval measures to assess similarity in mining dynamic web clickstreams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jennifer Neville:Özgür Şimşek:David Jensen:John Komoroske:Kelly Palmer:Henry Goldberg	We describe an application of relational knowledge discovery to a key regulatory mission of the National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD). NASD is the world's largest private-sector securities regulator, with responsibility for preventing and discovering misconduct among securities brokers. Our goal was to help focus NASD's limited regulatory resources on the brokers who are most likely to engage in securities violations. Using statistical relational learning algorithms, we developed models that rank brokers with respect to the probability that they would commit a serious violation of securities regulations in the near future. Our models incorporate organizational relationships among brokers (e.g., past coworker), which domain experts consider important but have not been easily used before now. The learned models were subjected to an extensive evaluation using more than 18 months of data unseen by the model developers and comprising over two person weeks of effort by NASD staff. Model predictions were found to correlate highly with the subjective evaluations of experienced NASD examiners. Furthermore, in all performance measures, our models performed as well as or better than the handcrafted rules that are currently in use at NASD.	Using relational knowledge discovery to prevent securities fraud	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
G. Niklas Norén:Roland Orre:Andrew Bate	The WHO Collaborating Centre for International Drug Monitoring in Uppsala, Sweden, maintains and analyses the world's largest database of reports on suspected adverse drug reaction incidents that occur after drugs are introduced on the market. As in other post-marketing drug safety data sets, the presence of duplicate records is an important data quality problem and the detection of duplicates in the WHO drug safety database remains a formidable challenge, especially since the reports are anonymised before submitted to the database. However, to our knowledge no work has been published on methods for duplicate detection in post-marketing drug safety data. In this paper, we propose a method for probabilistic duplicate detection based on the hit-miss model for statistical record linkage described by Copas & Hilton. We present two new generalisations of the standard hit-miss model: a hit-miss mixture model for errors in numerical record fields and a new method to handle correlated record fields. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the hit-miss model for duplicate detection in the WHO drug safety database both at identifying the most likely duplicate for a given record (94.7% accuracy) and at discriminating duplicates from random matches (63% recall with 71% precision). The proposed method allows for more efficient data cleaning in post-marketing drug safety data sets, and perhaps other applications throughout the KDD community.	A hit-miss model for duplicate detection in the WHO drug safety database	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bhavani Raskutti:Alan Herschtal	This paper describes TIPPPS (Time Interleaved Product Purchase Prediction System), which analyses billing data of corporate customers in a large telecommunications company in order to predict high value upsell opportunities. The challenges presented by this prediction problem are significant. Firstly, the diversity of products used by corporate telecommunications customers is huge. This, coupled with low product take-up rates, makes this a problem of learning from a very high dimensional feature space with very few minority examples. Further, it is important to give priority specifically to the identification of those new customers who are of high value. These challenges are overcome by introducing a number of modifications to standard data pre-processing and machine learning algorithms, the most important of which are time-interleaving of data and value weighting. Time interleaving is the concatenation of examples from multiple time periods, thus increasing the number of training examples, and hence the number of minority examples. Value weighting assigns importance to minority examples in proportion to the dollar value of take-up, thus biasing the system to identify high value customers. These modifications create a novel algorithm that makes the prediction system practical and usable.Comparison with other techniques designed for similar problems shows that the expected average improvement in ranking accuracy achieved using these modifications is 3.7%. TIPPPS has been in operation for several months and has been successful in identifying many upsell opportunities that were not identified by using the previous manual system.	Predicting the product purchase patterns of corporate customers	NA:NA	2018
Xiaodan Song:Ching-Yung Lin:Belle L. Tseng:Ming-Ting Sun	In this paper, we propose a new way to automatically model and predict human behavior of receiving and disseminating information by analyzing the contact and content of personal communications. A personal profile, called CommunityNet, is established for each individual based on a novel algorithm incorporating contact, content, and time information simultaneously. It can be used for personal social capital management. Clusters of CommunityNets provide a view of informal networks for organization management. Our new algorithm is developed based on the combination of dynamic algorithms in the social network field and the semantic content classification methods in the natural language processing and machine learning literatures. We tested CommunityNets on the Enron Email corpus and report experimental results including filtering, prediction, and recommendation capabilities. We show that the personal behavior and intention are somewhat predictable based on these models. For instance, "to whom a person is going to send a specific email" can be predicted by one's personal social network and content analysis. Experimental results show the prediction accuracy of the proposed adaptive algorithm is 58% better than the social network-based predictions, and is 75% better than an aggregated model based on Latent Dirichlet Allocation with social network enhancement. Two online demo systems we developed that allow interactive exploration of CommunityNet are also discussed.	Modeling and predicting personal information dissemination behavior	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jie Tang:Hang Li:Yunbo Cao:Zhaohui Tang	Addressed in this paper is the issue of 'email data cleaning' for text mining. Many text mining applications need take emails as input. Email data is usually noisy and thus it is necessary to clean it before mining. Several products offer email cleaning features, however, the types of noises that can be eliminated are restricted. Despite the importance of the problem, email cleaning has received little attention in the research community. A thorough and systematic investigation on the issue is thus needed. In this paper, email cleaning is formalized as a problem of non-text filtering and text normalization. In this way, email cleaning becomes independent from any specific text mining processing. A cascaded approach is proposed, which cleans up an email in four passes including non-text filtering, paragraph normalization, sentence normalization, and word normalization. As far as we know, non-text filtering and paragraph normalization have not been investigated previously. Methods for performing the tasks on the basis of Support Vector Machines (SVM) have also been proposed in this paper. Features in the models have been defined. Experimental results indicate that the proposed SVM based methods can significantly outperform the baseline methods for email cleaning. The proposed method has been applied to term extraction, a typical text mining processing. Experimental results show that the accuracy of term extraction can be significantly improved by using the data cleaning method.	Email data cleaning	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kenji Yamanishi:Yuko Maruyama	Syslog monitoring technologies have recently received vast attentions in the areas of network management and network monitoring. They are used to address a wide range of important issues including network failure symptom detection and event correlation discovery. Syslogs are intrinsically dynamic in the sense that they form a time series and that their behavior may change over time. This paper proposes a new methodology of dynamic syslog mining in order to detect failure symptoms with higher confidence and to discover sequential alarm patterns among computer devices. The key ideas of dynamic syslog mining are 1) to represent syslog behavior using a mixture of Hidden Markov Models, 2) to adaptively learn the model using an on-line discounting learning algorithm in combination with dynamic selection of the optimal number of mixture components, and 3) to give anomaly scores using universal test statistics with a dynamically optimized threshold. Using real syslog data we demonstrate the validity of our methodology in the scenarios of failure symptom detection, emerging pattern identification, and correlation discovery.	Dynamic syslog mining for network failure monitoring	NA:NA	2018
Lian Yan:Michael Fassino:Patrick Baldasare	A lift curve, with the true positive rate on the y-axis and the customer pull (or contact) rate on the x-axis, is often used to depict the model performance in many data mining applications, especially in the area of customer relationship management (CRM). Typically, these applications concern only the model accuracy at a relatively small pull or contact/intervention rate of the whole customer base, which is predetermined by a budget constraint for the project, e.g., how many customers can be contacted every month. In this paper, we address the important problem of enhancing the lift (true positive rate) at a specified pull rate. We propose two distinct algorithms, which are applicable to different scenarios. In particular, when the binary class label of the training set is extracted from a continuous variable, we can optimize a training objective which takes into account the specified pull rate rather than the class prior, based on the often ignored continuous variable. In those cases where only the binary class label is available during training, we propose a constrained optimization algorithm to maximize the true positive rate related to a specific decision threshold at which the specified pull rate is achieved. We applied both algorithms to our projects of predicting defection (decline in account value) of mutual fund accounts for two major U.S. mutual fund companies and achieved substantial enhancement of the lift at the specified pull rate.	Enhancing the lift under budget constraints: an application in the mutual fund industry	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chunsheng Yang:Sylvain Létourneau	This paper describes a successful but challenging application of data mining in the railway industry. The objective is to optimize maintenance and operation of trains through prognostics of wheel failures. In addition to reducing maintenance costs, the proposed technology will help improve railway safety and augment throughput. Building on established techniques from data mining and machine learning, we present a methodology to learn models to predict train wheel failures from readily available operational and maintenance data. This methodology addresses various data mining tasks such as automatic labeling, feature extraction, model building, model fusion, and evaluation. After a detailed description of the methodology, we report results from large-scale experiments. These results clearly show the great potential of this innovative application of data mining in the railway industry.	Learning to predict train wheel failures	NA:NA	2018
Charu C. Aggarwal	In an interactive classification application, a user may find it more valuable to develop a diagnostic decision support method which can reveal significant classification behavior of exemplar records. Such an approach has the additional advantage of being able to optimize the decision process for the individual record in order to design more effective classification methods. In this paper, we propose the Subspace Decision Path method which provides the user with the ability to interactively explore a small number of nodes of a hierarchical decision process so that the most significant classification characteristics for a given test instance are revealed. In addition, the SD-Path method can provide enormous interpretability by constructing views of the data in which the different classes are clearly separated out. Even in cases where the classification behavior of the test instance is ambiguous, the SD-Path method provides a diagnostic understanding of the characteristics which result in this ambiguity. Therefore, this method combines the abilities of the human and the computer in creating an effective diagnostic tool for instance-centered high dimensional classification.	Towards exploratory test instance specific algorithms for high dimensional classification	NA	2018
Arindam Banerjee:Chase Krumpelman:Joydeep Ghosh:Sugato Basu:Raymond J. Mooney	While the vast majority of clustering algorithms are partitional, many real world datasets have inherently overlapping clusters. Several approaches to finding overlapping clusters have come from work on analysis of biological datasets. In this paper, we interpret an overlapping clustering model proposed by Segal et al. [23] as a generalization of Gaussian mixture models, and we extend it to an overlapping clustering model based on mixtures of any regular exponential family distribution and the corresponding Bregman divergence. We provide the necessary algorithm modifications for this extension, and present results on synthetic data as well as subsets of 20-Newsgroups and EachMovie datasets.	Model-based overlapping clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christopher Besemann:Anne Denton	Scientific models typically depend on parameters. Preserving the parameter dependence of models in the pattern mining context opens up several applications. Within association rule mining (ARM), the choice of parameters can be studied with more flexibly then in traditional model building. Studying support, confidence, and other rule metrics as a function of model parameters allows conclusions on assumptions underlying the models. We present efficient techniques to handle multiple model output data sets at little more than the cost of one. We integrate output from hidden Markov models into the association rule mining framework, demonstrating the potential for frequent pattern mining in the field of scientific modeling and experimentation.	Integration of profile hidden Markov model output into association rule mining	NA:NA	2018
Giuseppe Carenini:Raymond T. Ng:Xiaodong Zhou	The popularity of email has triggered researchers to look for ways to help users better organize the enormous amount of information stored in their email folders. One challenge that has not been studied extensively in text mining is the identification and reconstruction of hidden emails. A hidden email is an original email that has been quoted in at least one email in a folder, but does not present itself in the same folder. It may have been (un)intentionally deleted or may never have been received. The discovery and reconstruction of hidden emails is critical for many applications including email classification, summarization and forensics. This paper proposes a framework for reconstructing hidden emails using the embedded quotations found in messages further down the thread hierarchy. We evaluate the robustness and scalability of our framework by using the Enron public email corpus. Our experiments show that hidden emails exist widely in that corpus and also that our optimization techniques are effective in processing large email folders.	Scalable discovery of hidden emails from large folders	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xin Chen:Yi-fang Brook Wu	This paper presents a framework for user-oriented text mining. It is then illustrated with an example of discovering knowledge from competitors' websites. The knowledge to be discovered is in the form of association rules. A user's background knowledge is represented as a concept hierarchy developed from documents on his/her own website. The concept hierarchy captures the semantic usage of words and relationships among words in background documents. Association rules are identified among the noun phrases extracted from documents on competitors' websites. The interestingness measure, i.e. novelty, which measures the semantic distance between the antecedent and the consequent of a rule in the background knowledge, is computed from the co-occurrence frequency of words and the connection lengths among words in the concept hierarchy. A user evaluation of the novelty of discovered rules demonstrates that the correlation between the algorithm and the human judges is comparable to that between human judges.	Web mining from competitors' websites	NA:NA	2018
Chien Chin Chen:Meng Chang Chen:Ming-Syan Chen	In this paper, the proposed LIPED (LIfe Profile based Event Detection) employs the concept of life profiles to predict the activeness of event for effective event detection. A group of events with similar activeness patterns shares a life profile, modeled by a hidden Markov model. Considering the burst-and-diverse property of events, LIPED identifies the activeness status of event. As a result, LIPED balances the clustering precision and recall to achieve better F1 scores than other well known approaches evaluated on the official TDT1 corpus.	LIPED: HMM-based life profiles for adaptive event detection	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shengnan Cong:Jiawei Han:David Padua	Discovery of sequential patterns is an essential data mining task with broad applications. Among several variations of sequential patterns, closed sequential pattern is the most useful one since it retains all the information of the complete pattern set but is often much more compact than it. Unfortunately, there is no parallel closed sequential pattern mining method proposed yet. In this paper we develop an algorithm, called Par-CSP (Parallel Closed Sequential Pattern mining), to conduct parallel mining of closed sequential patterns on a distributed memory system. Par-CSP partitions the work among the processors by exploiting the divide-and-conquer property so that the overhead of interprocessor communication is minimized. Par-CSP applies dynamic scheduling to avoid processor idling. Moreover, it employs a technique, called selective sampling to address the load imbalance problem. We implement Par-CSP using MPI on a 64-node Linux cluster. Our experimental results show that Par-CSP attains good parallelization efficiencies on various input datasets.	Parallel mining of closed sequential patterns	NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Fast:David Jensen:Brian Neil Levine	We use knowledge discovery techniques to guide the creation of efficient overlay networks for peer-to-peer file sharing. An overlay network specifies the logical connections among peers in a network and is distinct from the physical connections of the network. It determines the order in which peers will be queried when a user is searching for a specific file. To better understand the role of the network overlay structure in the performance of peer-to-peer file sharing protocols, we compare several methods for creating overlay networks. We analyze the networks using data from a campus network for peer-to-peer file sharing that recorded anonymized data on 6,528 users sharing 291,925 music files over an 81-day period. We propose a novel protocol for overlay creation based on a model of user preference identified by latent-variable clustering with hierarchical Dirichlet processes (HDPs). Our simulations and empirical studies show that the clusters of songs created by HDPs effectively model user behavior and can be used to create desirable network overlays that outperform alternative approaches.	Creating social networks to improve peer-to-peer networking	NA:NA:NA	2018
R. Guha:Ravi Kumar:D. Sivakumar:Ravi Sundaram	We develop an algorithmic framework to decompose a collection of time-stamped text documents into semantically coherent threads. Our formulation leads to a graph decomposition problem on directed acyclic graphs, for which we obtain three algorithms --- an exact algorithm that is based on minimum cost flow and two more efficient algorithms based on maximum matching and dynamic programming that solve specific versions of the graph decomposition problem. Applications of our algorithms include superior summarization of news search results, improved browsing paradigms for large collections of text-intensive corpora, and integration of time-stamped documents from a variety of sources. Experimental results based on over 250,000 news articles from a major newspaper over a period of four years demonstrate that our algorithms efficiently identify robust threads of varying lengths and time-spans.	Unweaving a web of documents	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Cinda Heeren:Leonard Pitt	We introduce the boasting problem, wherein useful trends in historical ordinal data (rankings) are discovered. Claims of the form "our object was ranked r or better in x of the last t time units," are formalized, and maximal claims (boasts) of this form are defined under two natural partial orders. For the first partial order, we give an efficient and optimal algorithm for finding all such maximal claims. For the second, we apply a classical result from computational geometry to achieve an algorithm whose running time is significantly more efficient than that of a naïve one. Finally, we connect this boasting problem to a novel variation of the problem of finding optimized confidence association rules as originally posed by Fukuda, et al. [2], and give an efficient algorithm for solving a simplification of the new problem.	Maximal boasting	NA:NA	2018
Takahiko Ito:Masashi Shimbo:Taku Kudo:Yuji Matsumoto	The application of kernel methods to link analysis is explored. In particular, Kandola et al.'s Neumann kernels are shown to subsume not only the co-citation and bibliographic coupling relatedness but also Kleinberg's HITS importance. These popular measures of relatedness and importance correspond to the Neumann kernels at the extremes of their parameter range, and hence these kernels can be interpreted as defining a spectrum of link analysis measures intermediate between co-citation/bibliographic coupling and HITS. We also show that the kernels based on the graph Laplacian, including the regularized Laplacian and diffusion kernels, provide relatedness measures that overcome some limitations of co-citation relatedness. The property of these kernel-based link analysis measures is examined with a network of bibliographic citations. Practical issues in applying these methods to real data are discussed, and possible solutions are proposed.	Application of kernels to link analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Geetha Jagannathan:Rebecca N. Wright	Advances in computer networking and database technologies have enabled the collection and storage of vast quantities of data. Data mining can extract valuable knowledge from this data, and organizations have realized that they can often obtain better results by pooling their data together. However, the collected data may contain sensitive or private information about the organizations or their customers, and privacy concerns are exacerbated if data is shared between multiple organizations.Distributed data mining is concerned with the computation of models from data that is distributed among multiple participants. Privacy-preserving distributed data mining seeks to allow for the cooperative computation of such models without the cooperating parties revealing any of their individual data items. Our paper makes two contributions in privacy-preserving data mining. First, we introduce the concept of arbitrarily partitioned data, which is a generalization of both horizontally and vertically partitioned data. Second, we provide an efficient privacy-preserving protocol for k-means clustering in the setting of arbitrarily partitioned data.	Privacy-preserving distributed k-means clustering over arbitrarily partitioned data	NA:NA	2018
Ruoming Jin:Kaushik Sinha:Gagan Agrawal	With an increasing use of data mining tools and techniques, we envision that a Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining System (KDDMS) will have to support and optimize for the following scenarios: 1) Sequence of Queries: A user may analyze one or more datasets by issuing a sequence of related complex mining queries, and 2) Multiple Simultaneous Queries: Several users may be analyzing a set of datasets concurrently, and may issue related complex queries.This paper presents a systematic mechanism to optimize for the above cases, targeting the class of mining queries involving frequent pattern mining on one or multiple datasets. We present a system architecture and propose new algorithms to simultaneously optimize multiple such queries and use a knowledgeable cache to store and utilize the past query results. We have implemented and evaluated our system with both real and synthetic datasets. Our experimental results show that our techniques can achieve a speedup of up to a factor of 9, compared with the systems which do not support caching or optimize for multiple queries.	Simultaneous optimization of complex mining tasks with a knowledgeable cache	NA:NA:NA	2018
R. Jin:C. Wang:D. Polshakov:S. Parthasarathy:G. Agrawal	The problem of finding frequent patterns from graph-based datasets is an important one that finds applications in drug discovery, protein structure analysis, XML querying, and social network analysis among others. In this paper we propose a framework to mine frequent large-scale structures, formally defined as frequent topological structures, from graph datasets. Key elements of our framework include, fast algorithms for discovering frequent topological patterns based on the well known notion of a topological minor, algorithms for specifying and pushing constraints deep into the mining process for discovering constrained topological patterns, and mechanisms for specifying approximate matches when discovering frequent topological patterns in noisy datasets. We demonstrate the viability and scalability of the proposed algorithms on real and synthetic datasets and also discuss the use of the framework to discover meaningful topological structures from protein structure data.	Discovering frequent topological structures from graph datasets	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xin Jin:Yanzan Zhou:Bamshad Mobasher	Web users display their preferences implicitly by navigating through a sequence of pages or by providing numeric ratings to some items. Web usage mining techniques are used to extract useful knowledge about user interests from such data. The discovered user models are then used for a variety of applications such as personalized recommendations. Web site content or semantic features of objects provide another source of knowledge for deciphering users' needs or interests. We propose a novel Web recommendation system in which collaborative features such as navigation or rating data as well as the content features accessed by the users are seamlessly integrated under the maximum entropy principle. Both the discovered user patterns and the semantic relationships among Web objects are represented as sets of constraints that are integrated to fit the model. In the case of content features, we use a new approach based on Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) to discover the hidden semantic relationships among items and derive constraints used in the model. Experiments on real Web site usage data sets show that this approach can achieve better recommendation accuracy, when compared to systems using only usage information. The integration of semantic information also allows for better interpretation of the generated recommendations.	A maximum entropy web recommendation system: combining collaborative and content features	NA:NA:NA	2018
Noriaki Kawamae:Katsumi Takahashi	In this paper, we propose an information retrieval model called Latent Interest Semantic Map (LISM), which features retrieval composed of both Collaborative Filtering(CF) and Probabilistic Latent Semantic Analysis (PLSA). The motivation behind this study is that the relation between users and documents can be explained by the two different latent classes, where users belong probabilistically in one or more classes with the same interest groups, while documents also belong probabilistically in one or more class with the same topic groups. The novel aspect of LISM is that it simultaneously provides a user model and latent semantic analysis in one map. This benefit of LISM is to enable collaborative filtering in terms of user interest and document topic and thus solve the cold start problem.	Information retrieval based on collaborative filtering with latent interest semantic map	NA:NA	2018
Moshe Koppel:Jonathan Schler:Kfir Zigdon	In this paper, we show that stylistic text features can be exploited to determine an anonymous author's native language with high accuracy. Specifically, we first use automatic tools to ascertain frequencies of various stylistic idiosyncrasies in a text. These frequencies then serve as features for support vector machines that learn to classify texts according to author native language.	Determining an author's native language by mining a text for errors	NA:NA:NA	2018
Inderjit Dhillon:Yuqiang Guan:Brian Kulis	Graph clustering (also called graph partitioning) --- clustering the nodes of a graph --- is an important problem in diverse data mining applications. Traditional approaches involve optimization of graph clustering objectives such as normalized cut or ratio association; spectral methods are widely used for these objectives, but they require eigenvector computation which can be slow. Recently, graph clustering with a general cut objective has been shown to be mathematically equivalent to an appropriate weighted kernel k-means objective function. In this paper, we exploit this equivalence to develop a very fast multilevel algorithm for graph clustering. Multilevel approaches involve coarsening, initial partitioning and refinement phases, all of which may be specialized to different graph clustering objectives. Unlike existing multilevel clustering approaches, such as METIS, our algorithm does not constrain the cluster sizes to be nearly equal. Our approach gives a theoretical guarantee that the refinement step decreases the graph cut objective under consideration. Experiments show that we achieve better final objective function values as compared to a state-of-the-art spectral clustering algorithm: on a series of benchmark test graphs with up to thirty thousand nodes and one million edges, our algorithm achieves lower normalized cut values in 67% of our experiments and higher ratio association values in 100% of our experiments. Furthermore, on large graphs, our algorithm is significantly faster than spectral methods. Finally, our algorithm requires far less memory than spectral methods; we cluster a 1.2 million node movie network into 5000 clusters, which due to memory requirements cannot be done directly with spectral methods.	A fast kernel-based multilevel algorithm for graph clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bo Long:Zhongfei (Mark) Zhang:Philip S. Yu	Dyadic data matrices, such as co-occurrence matrix, rating matrix, and proximity matrix, arise frequently in various important applications. A fundamental problem in dyadic data analysis is to find the hidden block structure of the data matrix. In this paper, we present a new co-clustering framework, block value decomposition(BVD), for dyadic data, which factorizes the dyadic data matrix into three components, the row-coefficient matrix R, the block value matrix B, and the column-coefficient matrix C. Under this framework, we focus on a special yet very popular case -- non-negative dyadic data, and propose a specific novel co-clustering algorithm that iteratively computes the three decomposition matrices based on the multiplicative updating rules. Extensive experimental evaluations also demonstrate the effectiveness and potential of this framework as well as the specific algorithms for co-clustering, and in particular, for discovering the hidden block structure in the dyadic data.	Co-clustering by block value decomposition	NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel Lowd:Christopher Meek	Many classification tasks, such as spam filtering, intrusion detection, and terrorism detection, are complicated by an adversary who wishes to avoid detection. Previous work on adversarial classification has made the unrealistic assumption that the attacker has perfect knowledge of the classifier [2]. In this paper, we introduce the adversarial classifier reverse engineering (ACRE) learning problem, the task of learning sufficient information about a classifier to construct adversarial attacks. We present efficient algorithms for reverse engineering linear classifiers with either continuous or Boolean features and demonstrate their effectiveness using real data from the domain of spam filtering.	Adversarial learning	NA:NA	2018
Sandeep Mane:Jaideep Srivastava:San-Yih Hwang	Data mining is increasingly being applied in environments having very high rate of data generation like network intrusion detection [7], where routers generate about 300,000 -- 500,000 connections every minute. In such rare class data domains, the cost of missing a rare-class instance is much higher than that of other classes. However, the high cost for manual labeling of instances, the high rate at which data is collected as well as real-time response constraints do not always allow one to determine the actual classes for the collected unlabeled datasets. In our previous work [9], this problem of missed false negatives was explained in context of two different domains -- "network intrusion detection" and "business opportunity classification". In such cases, an estimate for the number of such missed high-cost, rare instances will aid in the evaluation of the performance of the modeling technique (e.g. classification) used. A capture-recapture method was used for estimating false negatives, using two or more learning methods (i.e. classifiers). This paper focuses on the dependence between the class labels assigned by such learners. We define the conditional independence for classifiers given a class label and show its relation to the conditional independence of the features sets (used by the classifiers) given a class label. The later is a computationally expensive problem and hence, a heuristic algorithm is proposed for obtaining conditionally independent (or less dependent) feature sets for the classifiers. Initial results of this algorithm on synthetic datasets are promising and further research is being pursued.	Estimating missed actual positives using independent classifiers	NA:NA:NA	2018
Michinari Momma	Kernel partial least squares (KPLS) has been known as a generic kernel regression method and proven to be competitive with other kernel regression methods such as support vector machines for regression (SVM) and kernel ridge regression. Kernel boosted latent features (KBLF) is a variant of KPLS for any differentiable convex loss functions. It provides a more flexible framework for various predictive modeling tasks such as classification with logistic loss and robust regression with L1 norm loss, etc. However, KPLS and KBLF solutions are dense and thus not suitable for large-scale computations. Sparsification of KPLS solutions has been studied for dual and primal forms. For dual sparsity, it requires solving a nonlinear optimization problem at every iteration step and its computational burden limits its applicability to general regression tasks.In this paper, we propose simple heuristics to approximate sparse solutions for KPLS and the framework is also applied for sparsifying KBLF solutions. The algorithm provides an interesting "path" from a maximum residual criterion based algorithm with orthogonality conditions to the dense KPLS/KBLF. With the orthogonality, it differentiates itself from many existing forward selection-type algorithms. The computational advantage is illustrated by benchmark datasets and comparison to SVM is done.	Efficient computations via scalable sparse kernel partial least squares and boosted latent features	NA	2018
Fabian Mörchen:Alfred Ultsch	Knowledge Discovery in time series usually requires symbolic time series. Many discretization methods that convert numeric time series to symbolic time series ignore the temporal order of values. This often leads to symbols that do not correspond to states of the process generating the time series and cannot be interpreted meaningfully. We propose a new method for meaningful unsupervised discretization of numeric time series called Persist. The algorithm is based on the Kullback-Leibler divergence between the marginal and the self-transition probability distributions of the discretization symbols. Its performance is evaluated on both artificial and real life data in comparison to the most common discretization methods. Persist achieves significantly higher accuracy than existing static methods and is robust against noise. It also outperforms Hidden Markov Models for all but very simple cases.	Optimizing time series discretization for knowledge discovery	NA:NA	2018
Satoshi Morinaga:Hiroki Arimura:Takahiro Ikeda:Yosuke Sakao:Susumu Akamine	We propose a new text mining system which extracts characteristic contents from given documents. We define Key semantics as characteristic sub-structures of syntactic dependencies in the given documents, and consider the following three tasks in this paper: 1)Key semantics extraction: extracting characteristic syntactic dependency structures not only as ordered trees but also as unordered trees and free trees, 2)Redundancy reduction: from the result of extraction, deleting redundant dependency structures such as sub-structures or equivalent structures of the others, and 3)Phrase/sentence reconstruction: generating a phrase or sentence in a natural language corresponding to the extracted structure.Our system is a combination of natural language processing techniques and tree mining techniques. The system consists of the following five units: 1) syntactic dependency analysis unit, 2) input filters, 3) characteristic ordered subtree extraction unit, 4) output filters, and 5) phrase/sentence reconstruction unit. Although ordered trees are extracted in the third unit, the overall behavior of the system can be switched into the extraction of ordered trees, unordered trees, or free trees depending on which of the input filters is/are applied in the second step. The output filters delete redundant trees from the extraction result for efficient knowledge discovery. Finally, phrases or sentences corresponding to the extracted subtrees are reconstructed by utilizing the input documents.We demonstrate the validity of our system by showing experimental results using real data collected at a help desk and TDT pilot corpus.	Key semantics extraction by dependency tree mining	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hans-Peter Kriegel:Martin Pfeifle	In many different application areas, e.g. sensor databases, location based services or face recognition systems, distances between odjects have to be computed based on vague and uncertain data. Commonly, the distances between these uncertain object descriptions are expressed by one numerical distance value. Based on such single-valued distance functions standard data mining algorithms can work without any changes. In this paper, we propose to express the similarity between two fuzzy objects by distance probability functions. These fuzzy distance functions assign a probability value to each possible distance value. By integrating these fuzzy distance functions directly into data mining algorithms, the full information provided by these functions is exploited. In order to demonstrate the benefits of this general approach, we enhance the density-based clustering algorithm DBSCAN so that it can work directly on these fuzzy distance functions. In a detailed experimental evaluation based on artificial and real-world data sets, we show the characteristics and benefits of our new approach.	Density-based clustering of uncertain data	NA:NA	2018
Ellen Spertus:Mehran Sahami:Orkut Buyukkokten	Online information services have grown too large for users to navigate without the help of automated tools such as collaborative filtering, which makes recommendations to users based on their collective past behavior. While many similarity measures have been proposed and individually evaluated, they have not been evaluated relative to each other in a large real-world environment. We present an extensive empirical comparison of six distinct measures of similarity for recommending online communities to members of the Orkut social network. We determine the usefulness of the different recommendations by actually measuring users' propensity to visit and join recommended communities. We also examine how the ordering of recommendations influenced user selection, as well as interesting social issues that arise in recommending communities within a real social network.	Evaluating similarity measures: a large-scale study in the orkut social network	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mihai Surdeanu:Jordi Turmo:Alicia Ageno	We propose a hybrid, unsupervised document clustering approach that combines a hierarchical clustering algorithm with Expectation Maximization. We developed several heuristics to automatically select a subset of the clusters generated by the first algorithm as the initial points of the second one. Furthermore, our initialization algorithm generates not only an initial model for the iterative refinement algorithm but also an estimate of the model dimension, thus eliminating another important element of human supervision. We have evaluated the proposed system on five real-world document collections. The results show that our approach generates clustering solutions of higher quality than both its individual components.	A hybrid unsupervised approach for document clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tao Tao:ChengXiang Zhai	Integrating information in multiple natural languages is a challenging task that often requires manually created linguistic resources such as a bilingual dictionary or examples of direct translations of text. In this paper, we propose a general cross-lingual text mining method that does not rely on any of these resources, but can exploit comparable bilingual text corpora to discover mappings between words and documents in different languages. Comparable text corpora are collections of text documents in different languages that are about similar topics; such text corpora are often naturally available (e.g., news articles in different languages published in the same time period). The main idea of our method is to exploit frequency correlations of words in different languages in the comparable corpora and discover mappings between words in different languages. Such mappings can then be used to further discover mappings between documents in different languages, achieving cross-lingual information integration. Evaluation of the proposed method on a 120MB Chinese-English comparable news collection shows that the proposed method is effective for mapping words and documents in English and Chinese. Since our method only relies on naturally available comparable corpora, it is generally applicable to any language pairs as long as we have comparable corpora.	Mining comparable bilingual text corpora for cross-language information integration	NA:NA	2018
Luís Torgo	This paper presents a generalization of Regression Error Characteristic (REC) curves. REC curves describe the cumulative distribution function of the prediction error of models and can be seen as a generalization of ROC curves to regression problems. REC curves provide useful information for analyzing the performance of models, particularly when compared to error statistics like for instance the Mean Squared Error. In this paper we present Regression Error Characteristic (REC) surfaces that introduce a further degree of detail by plotting the cumulative distribution function of the errors across the distribution of the target variable, i.e. the joint cumulative distribution function of the errors and the target variable. This provides a more detailed analysis of the performance of models when compared to REC curves. This extra detail is particularly relevant in applications with non-uniform error costs, where it is important to study the performance of models for specific ranges of the target variable. In this paper we present the notion of REC surfaces, describe how to use them to compare the performance of models, and illustrate their use with an important practical class of applications: the prediction of rare extreme values.	Regression error characteristic surfaces	NA	2018
Gang Wu:Edward Y. Chang:Navneet Panda	Tasks of data mining and information retrieval depend on a good distance function for measuring similarity between data instances. The most effective distance function must be formulated in a context-dependent (also application-, data-, and user-dependent) way. In this paper, we propose to learn a distance function by capturing the nonlinear relationships among contextual information provided by the application, data, or user. We show that through a process called the "kernel trick," such nonlinear relationships can be learned efficiently in a projected space. Theoretically, we substantiate that our method is both sound and optimal. Empirically, using several datasets and applications, we demonstrate that our method is effective and useful.	Formulating distance functions via the kernel trick	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ying Yang:Xindong Wu:Xingquan Zhu	Mining data streams is important in both science and commerce. Two major challenges are (1) the data may grow without limit so that it is difficult to retain a long history; and (2) the underlying concept of the data may change over time. Different from common practice that keeps recent raw data, this paper uses a measure of conceptual equivalence to organize the data history into a history of concepts. Along the journey of concept change, it identifies new concepts as well as re-appearing ones, and learns transition patterns among concepts to help prediction. Different from conventional methodology that passively waits until the concept changes, this paper incorporates proactive and reactive predictions. In a proactive mode, it anticipates what the new concept will be if a future concept change takes place, and prepares prediction strategies in advance. If the anticipation turns out to be correct, a proper prediction model can be launched instantly upon the concept change. If not, it promptly resorts to a reactive mode: adapting a prediction model to the new data. A system RePro is proposed to implement these new ideas. Experiments compare the system with representative existing prediction methods on various benchmark data sets that represent diversified scenarios of concept change. Empirical evidence demonstrates that the proposed methodology is an effective and efficient solution to prediction for data streams.	Combining proactive and reactive predictions for data streams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hui Yang:Srinivasan Parthasarathy:Sameep Mehta	In this paper, we present a general framework to discover spatial associations and spatio-temporal episodes for scientific datasets. In contrast to previous work in this area, features are modeled as geometric objects rather than points. We define multiple distance metrics that take into account objects' extent and thus are more robust in capturing the influence of an object on other objects in spatial neighborhood. We have developed algorithms to discover four different types of spatial object interaction (association) patterns. We also extend our approach to accommodate temporal information and propose a simple algorithm to derive spatio-temporal episodes. We show that such episodes can be used to reason about critical events. We evaluate our framework on real datasets to demonstrate its efficacy. The datasets originate from two different areas: Computational Molecular Dynamics and Computational Fluid Flow. We present results highlighting the importance of the identified patterns and episodes by using knowledge from the underlying domains. We also show that the proposed algorithms scale linearly with respect to the dataset size.	A generalized framework for mining spatio-temporal patterns in scientific data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Li Yang	Neighborhood graph construction is usually the first step in algorithms for isometric data embedding and manifold learning that cope with the problem of projecting high dimensional data to a low space. This paper begins by explaining the algorithmic fundamentals of techniques for isometric data embedding and derives a general classification of these techniques. We will see that the nearest neighbor approaches commonly used to construct neighborhood graphs do not guarantee connectedness of the constructed neighborhood graphs and, consequently, may cause an algorithm fail to project data to a single low dimensional coordinate system. In this paper, we review three existing methods to construct k-edge-connected neighborhood graphs and propose a new method to construct k-connected neighborhood graphs. These methods are applicable to a wide range of data including data distributed among clusters. Their features are discussed and compared through experiments.	Building connected neighborhood graphs for isometric data embedding	NA	2018
Osmar R. Zaïane:Mohammad El-Hajj	Regardless of the frequent patterns to discover, either the full frequent patterns or the condensed ones, either closed or maximal, the strategy always includes the traversal of the lattice of candidate patterns. We study the existing depth versus breadth traversal approaches for generating candidate patterns and propose in this paper a new traversal approach that jumps in the search space among only promising nodes. Our leaping approach avoids nodes that would not participate in the answer set and reduce drastically the number of candidate patterns. We use this approach to efficiently pinpoint maximal patterns at the border of the frequent patterns in the lattice and collect enough information in the process to generate all subsequent patterns.	Pattern lattice traversal by selective jumps	NA:NA	2018
Mohammed J. Zaki:Markus Peters:Ira Assent:Thomas Seidl	We present a novel algorithm called CLICKS, that finds clusters in categorical datasets based on a search for k-partite maximal cliques. Unlike previous methods, CLICKS mines subspace clusters. It uses a selective vertical method to guarantee complete search. CLICKS outperforms previous approaches by over an order of magnitude and scales better than any of the existing method for high-dimensional datasets. These results are demonstrated in a comprehensive performance study on real and synthetic datasets.	CLICKS: an effective algorithm for mining subspace clusters in categorical datasets	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Richard Cole:Dennis Shasha:Xiaojian Zhao	Data arriving in time order (a data stream) arises in fields including physics, finance, medicine, and music, to name a few. Often the data comes from sensors (in physics and medicine for example) whose data rates continue to improve dramatically as sensor technology improves. Further, the number of sensors is increasing, so correlating data between sensors becomes ever more critical in order to distill knowlege from the data. In many applications such as finance, recent correlations are of far more interest than long-term correlation, so correlation over sliding windows (windowed correlation) is the desired operation. Fast response is desirable in many applications (e.g., to aim a telescope at an activity of interest or to perform a stock trade). These three factors -- data size, windowed correlation, and fast response -- motivate this work.Previous work [10, 14] showed how to compute Pearson correlation using Fast Fourier Transforms and Wavelet transforms, but such techniques don't work for time series in which the energy is spread over many frequency components, thus resembling white noise. For such "uncooperative" time series, this paper shows how to combine several simple techniques -- sketches (random projections), convolution, structured random vectors, grid structures, and combinatorial design -- to achieve high performance windowed Pearson correlation over a variety of data sets.	Fast window correlations over uncooperative time series	NA:NA:NA	2018
Haifeng Chen:Guofei Jiang:Cristian Ungureanu:Kenji Yoshihira	The increasing complexity of today's systems makes fast and accurate failure detection essential for their use in mission-critical applications. Various monitoring methods provide a large amount of data about system's behavior. Analyzing this data with advanced statistical methods holds the promise of not only detecting the errors faster, but also detecting errors which are difficult to catch with current monitoring tools. Two challenges to building such detection tools are: the high dimensionality of observation data, which makes the models expensive to apply, and frequent system changes, which make the models expensive to update. In this paper, we present algorithms to reduce the dimensionality of data in a way that makes it easy to adapt to system changes. We decompose the observation data into signal and noise subspaces. Two statistics, the Hotelling T2 score and squared prediction error (SPE) are calculated to represent the data characteristics in signal and noise subspaces respectively. Instead of tracking the original data, we use a sequentially discounting expectation maximization (SDEM) algorithm to learn the distribution of the two extracted statistics. A failure event can then be detected based on the abnormal change of the distribution. Applying our technique to component interaction data in a simple e-commerce application shows better accuracy than building independent profiles for each component. Additionally, experiments on synthetic data show that the detection accuracy is high even for changing systems.	Failure detection and localization in component based systems by online tracking	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel R. Jeske:Behrokh Samadi:Pengyue J. Lin:Lan Ye:Sean Cox:Rui Xiao:Ted Younglove:Minh Ly:Douglas Holt:Ryan Rich	Information Discovery and Analysis Systems (IDAS) are designed to correlate multiple sources of data and use data mining techniques to identify potential significant events. Application domains for IDAS are numerous and include the emerging area of homeland security.Developing test cases for an IDAS requires background data sets into which hypothetical future scenarios can be overlaid. The IDAS can then be measured in terms of false positive and false negative error rates. Obtaining the test data sets can be an obstacle due to both privacy issues and also the time and cost associated with collecting a diverse set of data sources.In this paper, we give an overview of the design and architecture of an IDAS Data Set Generator (IDSG) that enables a fast and comprehensive test of an IDAS. The IDSG generates data using statistical and rule-based algorithms and also semantic graphs that represent interdependencies between attributes. A credit card transaction application is used to illustrate the approach.	Generation of synthetic data sets for evaluating the accuracy of knowledge discovery systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alex Kalos:Tim Rey	In this paper we describe the experience of introducing data mining to a large chemical manufacturing company. The multi-national nature of doing business with multiple business units, presents a unique opportunity for the deployment of data mining. While each business unit has its own objectives and challenges, which may be at odds with those of other units, they also share many common interests and resources. In this environment, data mining can be used to identify potential value-creating opportunities, through large site integration of multiple assets and synergies from the use of common assets, such as site-wide manufacturing facilities, and world-wide supply-chain, purchasing and other shared services. However, issues arise, on one hand from overly complex systems, and on the other hand, from the danger of reaching sub-optimal solutions, if a big enough picture is not considered when executing projects. The company-wide initiative and use of Six Sigma at all levels of the company provided a fertile ground for making the case for data mining and facilitating its acceptance. The Six Sigma mindset of measuring the performance of processes and analyzing data promotes data-based decision making, therefore making data mining a natural extension of this methodology. We will describe the approach for launching a data mining capability within this framework, the strategy for securing upper management support, drawing from internal modeling, statistical, and other communities, and from external consultants and universities. Lessons learned from industrial case studies, enterprise-wide tool evaluation and peer benchmarking will be discussed.	Data mining in the chemical industry	NA:NA	2018
Jiuyong Li:Ada Wai-chee Fu:Hongxing He:Jie Chen:Huidong Jin:Damien McAullay:Graham Williams:Ross Sparks:Chris Kelman	In this paper, we discuss a problem of finding risk patterns in medical data. We define risk patterns by a statistical metric, relative risk, which has been widely used in epidemiological research. We characterise the problem of mining risk patterns as an optimal rule discovery problem. We study an anti-monotone property for mining optimal risk pattern sets and present an algorithm to make use of the property in risk pattern discovery. The method has been applied to a real world data set to find patterns associated with an allergic event for ACE inhibitors. The algorithm has generated some useful results for medical researchers.	Mining risk patterns in medical data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tao Li:Feng Liang:Sheng Ma:Wei Peng	Traditional approaches to system management have been largely based on domain experts through a knowledge acquisition process that translates domain knowledge into operating rules and policies. This has been well known and experienced as a cumbersome, labor intensive, and error prone process. In addition, this process is difficult to keep up with the rapidly changing environments. In this paper, we will describe our research efforts on establishing an integrated framework for mining system log files for automatic management. In particular, we apply text mining techniques to categorize messages in log files into common situations, improve categorization accuracy by considering the temporal characteristics of log messages, develop temporal mining techniques to discover the relationships between different events, and utilize visualization tools to evaluate and validate the interesting temporal patterns for system management.	An integrated framework on mining logs files for computing system management	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiang Li:Rahul Ramachandran:Sara Graves:Sunil Movva:Bilahari Akkiraju:David Emmitt:Steven Greco:Robert Atlas:Joseph Terry:Juan-Carlos Jusem	Fronts are significant meteorological phenomena of interest. The extraction of frontal systems from observations and model data can greatly benefit many kinds of research and applications in atmospheric sciences. Due to the huge amount of observational and model data available nowadays, automated extraction of front systems is necessary. This paper presents an automated method to detect frontal systems from numerical model-generated data. In this method, a frontal system is characterized by a vector of features, comprised of parameters derived from the model wind field. K-means clustering is applied to the generated sample set of the feature vectors to partition the feature space and to identify clusters representing the fronts. The probability that a model grid belongs to a front is estimated based on its feature vector. The probability image is generated corresponding to the model grids. A hierarchical thresholding technique is applied to the probability image to identify the frontal systems and a Gaussian Bayes classifier is trained to determine the proper threshold value. This is followed by post processing to filter out false signatures. Experiment results from this method are in good agreement with the ones identified by the domain experts.	Automated detection of frontal systems from numerical model-generated data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ronald K. Pearson:Robert J. Kingan:Alan Hochberg	This paper considers the problem of modeling disease progression from historical clinical databases, with the ultimate objective of stratifying patients into groups with clearly distinguishable prognoses or suitability for different treatment strategies. To meet this objective, we describe a procedure that first fits clinical variables measured over time to a disease progression model. The resulting parameter estimates are then used as the basis for a stepwise clustering procedure to stratify patients into groups with distinct survival characteristics. As a practical illustration, we apply this procedure to survival prediction, using a liver transplant database from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK).	Disease progression modeling from historical clinical databases	NA:NA:NA	2018
Valery A. Petrushin	This paper describes a method for unsupervised classification of events in multi-camera indoors surveillance video. This research is a part of the Multiple Sensor Indoor Surveillance (MSIS) project which uses 32 AXIS-2100 webcams that observe an office environment. The research was inspired by the following practical problem: how automatically classify and visualize a 24 hour long video captured by 32 cameras? Raw data are sequences of JPEG images captured by webcams at the rate 2-6 Hz. The following features are extracted from the image data: foreground pixels' spatial distribution and color histogram. The data are integrated by event by averaging motion and color features and creating a "summary" frame which accumulates all foreground pixels of frames of the event into one image. The self-organizing map (SOM) approach is applied to event data for clustering and visualization. One-level and two-level SOM clustering are used. A tool for browsing results allows exploring units of the SOM maps at different levels of hierarchy, clusters of units and distances between units in 3D space. A special technique has been developed to visualize rare events. The results are presented and discussed.	Mining rare and frequent events in multi-camera surveillance video using self-organizing maps	NA	2018
Rob Powers:Moises Goldszmidt:Ira Cohen	We use data mining and machine learning techniques to predict upcoming periods of high utilization or poor performance in enterprise systems. The abundant data available and complexity of these systems defies human characterization or static models and makes the task suitable for data mining techniques. We formulate the problem as one of classification: given current and past information about the system's behavior, can we forecast whether the system will meet its performance targets over the next hour? Using real data gathered from several enterprise systems in Hewlett-Packard, we compare several approaches ranging from time series to Bayesian networks. Besides establishing the predictive power of these approaches our study analyzes three dimensions that are important for their application as a stand alone tool. First, it quantifies the gain in accuracy of multivariate prediction methods over simple statistical univariate methods. Second, it quantifies the variations in accuracy when using different classes of system and workload features. Third, it establishes that models induced using combined data from various systems generalize well and are applicable to new systems, enabling accurate predictions on systems with insufficient historical data. Together this analysis offers a promising outlook on the development of tools to automate assignment of resources to stabilize performance, (e.g., adding servers to a cluster) and allow opportunistic job scheduling (e.g., backups or virus scans).	Short term performance forecasting in enterprise systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kaushal Sanghai:Ting Su:Jennifer Dy:David Kaeli	Computer architects utilize simulation tools to evaluate the merits of a new design feature. The time needed to adequately evaluate the tradeoffs associated with adding any new feature has become a critical issue. Recent work has found that by identifying execution phases present in common workloads used in simulation studies, we can apply clustering algorithms to significantly reduce the amount of time needed to complete the simulation. Our goal in this paper is to demonstrate the value of this approach when applied to the set of industry-standard benchmarks most commonly used in computer architecture studies. We also look to improve upon prior work by applying more appropriate clustering algorithms to identify phases, and to further reduce simulation time.We find that the phase clustering in computer architecture simulation has many similarities to text clustering. In prior work on clustering techniques to reduce simulation time, K-means clustering was used to identify representative program phases. In this paper we apply a mixture of multinomials to the clustering problem and show its advantages over using K-means on simulation data. We have implemented these two clustering algorithms and evaluate how well they can characterize program behavior. By adopting a mixture of multinomials model, we find that we can maintain simulation result fidelity, while greatly reducing overall simulation time. We report results for a range of applications taken from the SPEC2000 benchmark suite.	A multinomial clustering model for fast simulation of computer architecture designs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
John A. Stankovic	Wireless sensor networks (WSN) composed of large numbers of small devices that self-organize are being investigated for a wide variety of applications. Two key advantages of these networks over more traditional sensor networks are that they can be dynamically and quickly deployed, and that they can provide fine-grained sensing. Applications, such as emergency response to natural or manmade disasters, detection and tracking, and fine grained sensing of the environment are key examples of applications that can benefit from these types of WSN. Current research for these systems is widespread. However, many of the proposed solutions are developed with simplifying assumptions about wireless communication and the environment, even though the realities of wireless communication and environmental sensing are well known. Many of the solutions are evaluated only by simulation. In this talk I describe a fully implemented system consisting of a suite of more than 30 synthesized protocols. The system supports a power aware surveillance, tracking and classification application running on 203 XSM motes and evaluated in a realistic, large-area environment. Technical details and evaluations are presented. I end with a discussion of opportunities and problems for data mining related to WSN.	Self-Organizing wireless sensor networks in action	NA	2018
Andrew Moore	This talk is about recent work on new ways to exploit preprocessed views of data tables for tractably solving big statistical queries. We'll describe deployments of these new algorithms in the realms of detecting killer asteroids and unnatural disease outbreaks.In recent years, several groups have looked at methods for pre-storing general sufficient statistics of the data in spatial data structures such as kd-trees and ball-trees so that both frequentist and Bayesian statistical operations become fast for large datasets. In this talk we will look at two other classes of optimization required in important statistical queries.The first involves iterating over all spatial regions (big and small). The second involves detection of tracks from noisy intermittent observations separated far apart in time and space. We will also discuss the implications that have arisen from making these operations tractable. We will focus particularly onDetecting all asteroids in the solar system larger than Pittsburgh's Cathedral of Learning (data to be collected over 2006-2010). Early detection of emerging diseases based on national monitoring of health-related transactions..	New cached-sufficient statistics algorithms for quickly answering statistical questions	NA	2018
Rakesh Agrawal	This talk is about the next frontier in knowledge discovery and data mining.	Next frontier	NA	2018
Elke Achtert:Christian Böhm:Hans-Peter Kriegel:Peer Kröger:Arthur Zimek	Correlation clustering aims at grouping the data set into correlation clusters such that the objects in the same cluster exhibit a certain density and are all associated to a common arbitrarily oriented hyperplane of arbitrary dimensionality. Several algorithms for this task have been proposed recently. However, all algorithms only compute the partitioning of the data into clusters. This is only a first step in the pipeline of advanced data analysis and system modelling. The second (post-clustering) step of deriving a quantitative model for each correlation cluster has not been addressed so far. In this paper, we describe an original approach to handle this second step. We introduce a general method that can extract quantitative information on the linear dependencies within a correlation clustering. Our concepts are independent of the clustering model and can thus be applied as a post-processing step to any correlation clustering algorithm. Furthermore, we show how these quantitative models can be used to predict the probability distribution that an object is created by these models. Our broad experimental evaluation demonstrates the beneficial impact of our method on several applications of significant practical importance.	Deriving quantitative models for correlation clusters	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alekh Agarwal:Soumen Chakrabarti:Sunny Aggarwal	Several algorithms have been proposed to learn to rank entities modeled as feature vectors, based on relevance feedback. However, these algorithms do not model network connections or relations between entities. Meanwhile, Pagerank and variants find the stationary distribution of a reasonable but arbitrary Markov walk over a network, but do not learn from relevance feedback. We present a framework for ranking networked entities based on Markov walks with parameterized conductance values associated with the network edges. We propose two flavors of conductance learning problems in our framework. In the first setting, relevance feedback comparing node-pairs hints that the user has one or more hidden preferred communities with large edge conductance, and the algorithm must discover these communities. We present a constrained maximum entropy network flow formulation whose dual can be solved efficiently using a cutting-plane approach and a quasi-Newton optimizer. In the second setting, edges have types, and relevance feedback hints that each edge type has a potentially different conductance, but this is fixed across the whole network. Our algorithm learns the conductances using an approximate Newton method.	Learning to rank networked entities	NA:NA:NA	2018
Deepak Agarwal:Andrew McGregor:Jeff M. Phillips:Suresh Venkatasubramanian:Zhengyuan Zhu	Spatial scan statistics are used to determine hotspots in spatial data, and are widely used in epidemiology and biosurveillance. In recent years, there has been much effort invested in designing efficient algorithms for finding such "high discrepancy" regions, with methods ranging from fast heuristics for special cases, to general grid-based methods, and to efficient approximation algorithms with provable guarantees on performance and quality.In this paper, we make a number of contributions to the computational study of spatial scan statistics. First, we describe a simple exact algorithm for finding the largest discrepancy region in a domain. Second, we propose a new approximation algorithm for a large class of discrepancy functions (including the Kulldorff scan statistic) that improves the approximation versus run time trade-off of prior methods. Third, we extend our simple exact and our approximation algorithms to data sets which lie naturally on a grid or are accumulated onto a grid. Fourth, we conduct a detailed experimental comparison of these methods with a number of known methods, demonstrating that our approximation algorithm has far superior performance in practice to prior methods, and exhibits a good performance-accuracy trade-off.All extant methods (including those in this paper) are suitable for data sets that are modestly sized; if data sets are of the order of millions of data points, none of these methods scale well. For such massive data settings, it is natural to examine whether small-space streaming algorithms might yield accurate answers. Here, we provide some negative results, showing that any streaming algorithms that even provide approximately optimal answers to the discrepancy maximization problem must use space linear in the input.	Spatial scan statistics: approximations and performance study	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aris Anagnostopoulos:Michail Vlachos:Marios Hadjieleftheriou:Eamonn Keogh:Philip S. Yu	This work introduces distance-based criteria for segmentation of object trajectories. Segmentation leads to simplification of the original objects into smaller, less complex primitives that are better suited for storage and retrieval purposes. Previous work on trajectory segmentation attacked the problem locally, segmenting separately each trajectory of the database. Therefore, they did not directly optimize the inter-object separability, which is necessary for mining operations such as searching, clustering, and classification on large databases. In this paper we analyze the trajectory segmentation problem from a global perspective, utilizing data aware distance-based optimization techniques, which optimize pairwise distance estimates hence leading to more efficient object pruning. We first derive exact solutions of the distance-based formulation. Due to the intractable complexity of the exact solution, we present anapproximate, greedy solution that exploits forward searching of locally optimal solutions. Since the greedy solution also imposes a prohibitive computational cost, we also put forward more light weight variance-based segmentation techniques, which intelligently "relax" the pairwise distance only in the areas that affect the least the mining operation.	Global distance-based segmentation of trajectories	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lars Backstrom:Dan Huttenlocher:Jon Kleinberg:Xiangyang Lan	The processes by which communities come together, attract new members, and develop over time is a central research issue in the social sciences - political movements, professional organizations, and religious denominations all provide fundamental examples of such communities. In the digital domain, on-line groups are becoming increasingly prominent due to the growth of community and social networking sites such as MySpace and LiveJournal. However, the challenge of collecting and analyzing large-scale time-resolved data on social groups and communities has left most basic questions about the evolution of such groups largely unresolved: what are the structural features that influence whether individuals will join communities, which communities will grow rapidly, and how do the overlaps among pairs of communities change over time.Here we address these questions using two large sources of data: friendship links and community membership on LiveJournal, and co-authorship and conference publications in DBLP. Both of these datasets provide explicit user-defined communities, where conferences serve as proxies for communities in DBLP. We study how the evolution of these communities relates to properties such as the structure of the underlying social networks. We find that the propensity of individuals to join communities, and of communities to grow rapidly, depends in subtle ways on the underlying network structure. For example, the tendency of an individual to join a community is influenced not just by the number of friends he or she has within the community, but also crucially by how those friends are connected to one another. We use decision-tree techniques to identify the most significant structural determinants of these properties. We also develop a novel methodology for measuring movement of individuals between communities, and show how such movements are closely aligned with changes in the topics of interest within the communities.	Group formation in large social networks: membership, growth, and evolution	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel Barbará:Carlotta Domeniconi:James P. Rogers	Outlier detection can uncover malicious behavior in fields like intrusion detection and fraud analysis. Although there has been a significant amount of work in outlier detection, most of the algorithms proposed in the literature are based on a particular definition of outliers (e.g., density-based), and use ad-hoc thresholds to detect them. In this paper we present a novel technique to detect outliers with respect to an existing clustering model. However, the test can also be successfully utilized to recognize outliers when the clustering information is not available. Our method is based on Transductive Confidence Machines, which have been previously proposed as a mechanism to provide individual confidence measures on classification decisions. The test uses hypothesis testing to prove or disprove whether a point is fit to be in each of the clusters of the model. We experimentally demonstrate that the test is highly robust, and produces very few misdiagnosed points, even when no clustering information is available. Furthermore, our experiments demonstrate the robustness of our method under the circumstances of data contaminated by outliers. We finally show that our technique can be successfully applied to identify outliers in a noisy data set for which no information is available (e.g., ground truth, clustering structure, etc.). As such our proposed methodology is capable of bootstrapping from a noisy data set a clean one that can be used to identify future outliers.	Detecting outliers using transduction and statistical testing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Christian Böhm:Christos Faloutsos:Jia-Yu Pan:Claudia Plant	How do we find a natural clustering of a real world point set, which contains an unknown number of clusters with different shapes, and which may be contaminated by noise? Most clustering algorithms were designed with certain assumptions (Gaussianity), they often require the user to give input parameters, and they are sensitive to noise. In this paper, we propose a robust framework for determining a natural clustering of a given data set, based on the minimum description length (MDL) principle. The proposed framework, Robust Information-theoretic Clustering (RIC), is orthogonal to any known clustering algorithm: given a preliminary clustering, RIC purifies these clusters from noise, and adjusts the clusterings such that it simultaneously determines the most natural amount and shape (subspace) of the clusters. Our RIC method can be combined with any clustering technique ranging from K-means and K-medoids to advanced methods such as spectral clustering. In fact, RIC is even able to purify and improve an initial coarse clustering, even if we start with very simple methods such as grid-based space partitioning. Moreover, RIC scales well with the data set size. Extensive experiments on synthetic and real world data sets validate the proposed RIC framework.	Robust information-theoretic clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Justin Brickell:Vitaly Shmatikov	The output of a data mining algorithm is only as good as its inputs, and individuals are often unwilling to provide accurate data about sensitive topics such as medical history and personal finance. Individuals maybe willing to share their data, but only if they are assured that it will be used in an aggregate study and that it cannot be linked back to them. Protocols for anonymity-preserving data collection provide this assurance, in the absence of trusted parties, by allowing a set of mutually distrustful respondents to anonymously contribute data to an untrusted data miner.To effectively provide anonymity, a data collection protocol must be collusion resistant, which means that even if all dishonest respondents collude with a dishonest data miner in an attempt to learn the associations between honest respondents and their responses, they will be unable to do so. To achieve collusion resistance, previously proposed protocols for anonymity-preserving data collection have quadratically many communication rounds in the number of respondents, and employ (sometimes incorrectly) complicated cryptographic techniques such as zero-knowledge proofs.We describe a new protocol for anonymity-preserving, collusion resistant data collection. Our protocol has linearly many communication rounds, and achieves collusion resistance without relying on zero-knowledge proofs. This makes it especially suitable for data mining scenarios with a large number of respondents.	Efficient anonymity-preserving data collection	NA:NA	2018
Gregory Buehrer:Srinivasan Parthasarathy:Amol Ghoting	In this work we focus on the problem of frequent itemset mining on large, out-of-core data sets. After presenting a characterization of existing out-of-core frequent itemset mining algorithms and their drawbacks, we introduce our efficient, highly scalable solution. Presented in the context of the FPGrowth algorithm, our technique involves several novel I/O-conscious optimizations, such as approximate hash-based sorting and blocking, and leverages recent architectural advancements in commodity computers, such as 64-bit processing. We evaluate the proposed optimizations on truly large data sets,up to 75GB, and show they yield greater than a 400-fold execution time improvement. Finally, we discuss the impact of this research in the context of other pattern mining challenges, such as sequence mining and graph mining.	Out-of-core frequent pattern mining on a commodity PC	NA:NA:NA	2018
Toon Calders:Bart Goethals:Szymon Jaroszewicz	We study the mining of interesting patterns in the presence of numerical attributes. Instead of the usual discretization methods, we propose the use of rank based measures to score the similarity of sets of numerical attributes. New support measures for numerical data are introduced, based on extensions of Kendall's tau, and Spearman's Footrule and rho. We show how these support measures are related. Furthermore, we introduce a novel type of pattern combining numerical and categorical attributes. We give efficient algorithms to find all frequent patterns for the proposed support measures, and evaluate their performance on real-life datasets.	Mining rank-correlated sets of numerical attributes	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jin Chen:Wynne Hsu:Mong Li Lee:See-Kiong Ng	Recent works in network analysis have revealed the existence of network motifs in biological networks such as the protein-protein interaction (PPI) networks. However, existing motif mining algorithms are not sufficiently scalable to find meso-scale network motifs. Also, there has been little or no work to systematically exploit the extracted network motifs for dissecting the vast interactomes.We describe an efficient network motif discovery algorithm, NeMoFinder, that can mine meso-scale network motifs that are repeated and unique in large PPI networks. Using NeMoFinder, we successfully discovered, for the first time, up to size-12 network motifs in a large whole-genome S. cerevisiae (Yeast) PPI network. We also show that such network motifs can be systematically exploited for indexing the reliability of PPI data that were generated via highly erroneous high-throughput experimental methods.	NeMoFinder: dissecting genome-wide protein-protein interactions with meso-scale network motifs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jason V. Davis:Inderjit S. Dhillon	Localized search engines are small-scale systems that index a particular community on the web. They offer several benefits over their large-scale counterparts in that they are relatively inexpensive to build, and can provide more precise and complete search capability over their relevant domains. One disadvantage such systems have over large-scale search engines is the lack of global PageRank values. Such information is needed to assess the value of pages in the localized search domain within the context of the web as a whole. In this paper, we present well-motivated algorithms to estimate the global PageRank values of a local domain. The algorithms are all highly scalable in that, given a local domain of size n, they use O(n) resources that include computation time, bandwidth, and storage. We test our methods across a variety of localized domains, including site-specific domains and topic-specific domains. We demonstrate that by crawling as few as n or 2n additional pages, our methods can give excellent global PageRank estimates.	Estimating the global pagerank of web communities	NA:NA	2018
Chris Ding:Tao Li:Wei Peng:Haesun Park	Currently, most research on nonnegative matrix factorization (NMF)focus on 2-factor $X=FG^T$ factorization. We provide a systematicanalysis of 3-factor $X=FSG^T$ NMF. While it unconstrained 3-factor NMF is equivalent to it unconstrained 2-factor NMF, itconstrained 3-factor NMF brings new features to it constrained 2-factor NMF. We study the orthogonality constraint because it leadsto rigorous clustering interpretation. We provide new rules for updating $F,S, G$ and prove the convergenceof these algorithms. Experiments on 5 datasets and a real world casestudy are performed to show the capability of bi-orthogonal 3-factorNMF on simultaneously clustering rows and columns of the input datamatrix. We provide a new approach of evaluating the quality ofclustering on words using class aggregate distribution andmulti-peak distribution. We also provide an overview of various NMF extensions andexamine their relationships.	Orthogonal nonnegative matrix t-factorizations for clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wei Fan:Joe McCloskey:Philip S. Yu	Predicting the values of continuous variable as a function of several independent variables is one of the most important problems for data mining. A very large number of regression methods, both parametric and nonparametric, have been proposed in the past. However, since the list is quite extensive and many of these models make rather explicit, strong yet different assumptions about the type of applicable problems and involve a lot of parameters and options, choosing the appropriate regression methodology and then specifying the parameter values is a none-trivial, sometimes frustrating, task for data mining practitioners. Choosing the inappropriate methodology can have rather disappointing results. This issue is against the general utility of data mining software. For example,linear regression methods are straightforward and well-understood. However, since the linear assumption is very strong, its performance is compromised for complicated non-linear problems. Kernel-based methods perform quite well if the kernel functions are selected correctly. In this paper, we propose a straightforward approach based on summarizing the training data using an ensemble of random decisions trees. It requires very little knowledge from the user, yet is applicable to every type of regression problem that we are currently aware of. We have experimented on a wide range of problems including those that parametric methods performwell, a large selection of benchmark datasets for nonparametric regression, as well as highly non-linear stochastic problems. Our results are either significantly better than or identical to many approaches that are known to perform well on these problems.	A general framework for accurate and fast regression by data summarization in random decision trees	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wei Fan:Ian Davidson	One of the most important assumptions made by many classification algorithms is that the training and test sets are drawn from the same distribution, i.e., the so-called "stationary distribution assumption" that the future and the past data sets are identical from a probabilistic standpoint. In many domains of real-world applications, such as marketing solicitation, fraud detection, drug testing, loan approval, sub-population surveys, school enrollment among others, this is rarely the case. This is because the only labeled sample available for training is biased in different ways due to a variety of practical reasons and limitations. In these circumstances, traditional methods to evaluate the expected generalization error of classification algorithms, such as structural risk minimization, ten-fold cross-validation, and leave-one-out validation, usually return poor estimates of which classification algorithm, when trained on biased dataset, will be the most accurate for future unbiased dataset, among a number of competing candidates. Sometimes, the estimated order of the learning algorithms' accuracy could be so poor that it is not even better than random guessing. Therefore,a method to determine the most accurate learner is needed for data mining under sample selection bias for many real-world applications. We present such an approach that can determine which learner will perform the best on an unbiased test set, given a possibly biased training set, in a fraction of the computational cost to use cross-validation based approaches.	Reverse testing: an efficient framework to select amongst classifiers under sample selection bias	NA:NA	2018
George Forman	This paper promotes a new task for supervised machine learning research: quantification - the pursuit of learning methods for accurately estimating the class distribution of a test set, with no concern for predictions on individual cases. A variant for cost quantification addresses the need to total up costs according to categories predicted by imperfect classifiers. These tasks cover a large and important family of applications that measure trends over time.The paper establishes a research methodology, and uses it to evaluate several proposed methods that involve selecting the classification threshold in a way that would spoil the accuracy of individual classifications. In empirical tests, Median Sweep methods show outstanding ability to estimate the class distribution, despite wide disparity in testing and training conditions. The paper addresses shifting class priors and costs, but not concept drift in general.	Quantifying trends accurately despite classifier error and class imbalance	NA	2018
Aristides Gionis:Heikki Mannila:Taneli Mielikäinen:Panayiotis Tsaparas	The problem of assessing the significance of data mining results on high-dimensional 0-1 data sets has been studied extensively in the literature. For problems such as mining frequent sets and finding correlations, significance testing can be done by, e.g., chi-square tests, or many other methods. However, the results of such tests depend only on the specific attributes and not on the dataset as a whole. Moreover, the tests are more difficult to apply to sets of patterns or other complex results of data mining. In this paper, we consider a simple randomization technique that deals with this shortcoming. The approach consists of producing random datasets that have the same row and column margins with the given dataset, computing the results of interest on the randomized instances, and comparing them against the results on the actual data. This randomization technique can be used to assess the results of many different types of data mining algorithms, such as frequent sets, clustering, and rankings. To generate random datasets with given margins, we use variations of a Markov chain approach, which is based on a simple swap operation. We give theoretical results on the efficiency of different randomization methods, and apply the swap randomization method to several well-known datasets. Our results indicate that for some datasets the structure discovered by the data mining algorithms is a random artifact, while for other datasets the discovered structure conveys meaningful information.	Assessing data mining results via swap randomization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kosuke Hashimoto:Kiyoko F. Aoki-Kinoshita:Nobuhisa Ueda:Minoru Kanehisa:Hiroshi Mamitsuka	Mining frequent patterns is a general and important issue in data mining. Complex and unstructured (or semi-structured) datasets have appeared in major data mining applications, including text mining, web mining and bioinformatics. Mining patterns from these datasets is the focus of many of the current data mining approaches. We focus on labeled ordered trees, typical datasets of semi-structured data in data mining, and propose a new probabilistic model and its efficient learning scheme for mining labeled ordered trees. The proposed approach significantly improves the time and space complexity of an existing probabilistic modeling for labeled ordered trees, while maintaining its expressive power. We evaluated the performance of the proposed model, comparing it with that of the existing model, using synthetic as well as real datasets from the field of glycobiology. Experimental results showed that the proposed model drastically reduced the computation time of the competing model, keeping the predictive power and avoiding overfitting to the training data. Finally, we assessed our results using the proposed model on real data from a variety of biological viewpoints, verifying known facts in glycobiology.	A new efficient probabilistic model for mining labeled ordered trees	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Steven C. H. Hoi:Michael R. Lyu:Edward Y. Chang	Kernel machines have been shown as the state-of-the-art learning techniques for classification. In this paper, we propose a novel general framework of learning the Unified Kernel Machines (UKM) from both labeled and unlabeled data. Our proposed framework integrates supervised learning, semi-supervised kernel learning, and active learning in a unified solution. In the suggested framework, we particularly focus our attention on designing a new semi-supervised kernel learning method, i.e., Spectral Kernel Learning (SKL), which is built on the principles of kernel target alignment and unsupervised kernel design. Our algorithm is related to an equivalent quadratic programming problem that can be efficiently solved. Empirical results have shown that our method is more effective and robust to learn the semi-supervised kernels than traditional approaches. Based on the framework, we present a specific paradigm of unified kernel machines with respect to Kernel Logistic Regresions (KLR), i.e., Unified Kernel Logistic Regression (UKLR). We evaluate our proposed UKLR classification scheme in comparison with traditional solutions. The promising results show that our proposed UKLR paradigm is more effective than the traditional classification approaches.	Learning the unified kernel machines for classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tamás Horváth:Jan Ramon:Stefan Wrobel	In recent years there has been an increased interest in algorithms that can perform frequent pattern discovery in large databases of graph structured objects. While the frequent connected subgraph mining problem for tree datasets can be solved in incremental polynomial time, it becomes intractable for arbitrary graph databases. Existing approaches have therefore resorted to various heuristic strategies and restrictions of the search space, but have not identified a practically relevant tractable graph class beyond trees. In this paper, we define the class of so called tenuous outerplanar graphs, a strict generalization of trees, develop a frequent subgraph mining algorithm for tenuous outerplanar graphs that works in incremental polynomial time, and evaluate the algorithm empirically on the NCI molecular graph dataset.	Frequent subgraph mining in outerplanar graphs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Alexander Ihler:Jon Hutchins:Padhraic Smyth	Time-series of count data are generated in many different contexts, such as web access logging, freeway traffic monitoring, and security logs associated with buildings. Since this data measures the aggregated behavior of individual human beings, it typically exhibits a periodicity in time on a number of scales (daily, weekly,etc.) that reflects the rhythms of the underlying human activity and makes the data appear non-homogeneous. At the same time, the data is often corrupted by a number of bursty periods of unusual behavior such as building events, traffic accidents, and so forth. The data mining problem of finding and extracting these anomalous events is made difficult by both of these elements. In this paper we describe a framework for unsupervised learning in this context, based on a time-varying Poisson process model that can also account for anomalous events. We show how the parameters of this model can be learned from count time series using statistical estimation techniques. We demonstrate the utility of this model on two datasets for which we have partial ground truth in the form of known events, one from freeway traffic data and another from building access data, and show that the model performs significantly better than a non-probabilistic, threshold-based technique. We also describe how the model can be used to investigate different degrees of periodicity in the data, including systematic day-of-week and time-of-day effects, and make inferences about the detected events (e.g., popularity or level of attendance). Our experimental results indicate that the proposed time-varying Poisson model provides a robust and accurate framework for adaptively and autonomously learning how to separate unusual bursty events from traces of normal human activity.	Adaptive event detection with time-varying poisson processes	NA:NA:NA	2018
Thorsten Joachims	Linear Support Vector Machines (SVMs) have become one of the most prominent machine learning techniques for high-dimensional sparse data commonly encountered in applications like text classification, word-sense disambiguation, and drug design. These applications involve a large number of examples n as well as a large number of features N, while each example has only s << N non-zero features. This paper presents a Cutting Plane Algorithm for training linear SVMs that provably has training time 0(s,n) for classification problems and o(sn log (n))for ordinal regression problems. The algorithm is based on an alternative, but equivalent formulation of the SVM optimization problem. Empirically, the Cutting-Plane Algorithm is several orders of magnitude faster than decomposition methods like svm light for large datasets.	Training linear SVMs in linear time	NA	2018
Yiping Ke:James Cheng:Wilfred Ng	Existing research on mining quantitative databases mainly focuses on mining associations. However, mining associations is too expensive to be practical in many cases. In this paper, we study mining correlations from quantitative databases and show that it is a more effective approach than mining associations. We propose a new notion of Quantitative Correlated Patterns (QCPs), which is founded on two formal concepts, mutual information and all-confidence. We first devise a normalization on mutual information and apply it to QCP mining to capture the dependency between the attributes. We further adopt all-confidence as a quality measure to control, at a finer granularity, the dependency between the attributes with specific quantitative intervals. We also propose a supervised method to combine the consecutive intervals of the quantitative attributes based on mutual information, such that the interval combining is guided by the dependency between the attributes. We develop an algorithm, QCoMine, to efficiently mine QCPs by utilizing normalized mutual information and all-confidence to perform a two-level pruning. Our experiments verify the efficiency of QCoMine and the quality of the QCPs.	Mining quantitative correlated patterns using an information-theoretic approach	NA:NA:NA	2018
Arno J. Knobbe:Eric K. Y. Ho	In this paper we present a new approach to mining binary data. We treat each binary feature (item) as a means of distinguishing two sets of examples. Our interest is in selecting from the total set of items an itemset of specified size, such that the database is partitioned with as uniform a distribution over the parts as possible. To achieve this goal, we propose the use of joint entropy as a quality measure for itemsets, and refer to optimal itemsets of cardinality k as maximally informative k-itemsets. We claim that this approach maximises distinctive power, as well as minimises redundancy within the feature set. A number of algorithms is presented for computing optimal itemsets efficiently.	Maximally informative k-itemsets and their efficient discovery	NA:NA	2018
Yehuda Koren:Stephen C. North:Chris Volinsky	Measuring distance or some other form of proximity between objects is a standard data mining tool. Connection subgraphs were recently proposed as a way to demonstrate proximity between nodes in networks. We propose a new way of measuring and extracting proximity in networks called "cycle free effective conductance"(CFEC). Our proximity measure can handle more than two endpoints, directed edges, is statistically well-behaved, and produces an effectiveness score for the computed subgraphs. We provide an efficien talgorithm. Also, we report experimental results and show examples for three large network data sets: a telecommunications calling graph, the IMDB actors graph, and an academic co-authorship network.	Measuring and extracting proximity in networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ravi Kumar:Kunal Punera:Andrew Tomkins	In this paper, we consider the problem of identifying and segmenting topically cohesive regions in the URL tree of a large website. Each page of the website is assumed to have a topic label or a distribution on topic labels generated using a standard classifier. We develop a set of cost measures characterizing the benefit accrued by introducing a segmentation of the site based on the topic labels. We propose a general framework to use these measures for describing the quality of a segmentation; we also provide an efficient algorithm to find the best segmentation in this framework. Extensive experiments on human-labeled data confirm the soundness of our framework and suggest that a judicious choice of cost measures allows the algorithm to perform surprisingly accurate topical segmentations.	Hierarchical topic segmentation of websites	NA:NA:NA	2018
Longin Jan Latecki:Marc Sobel:Rolf Lakaemper	We introduce a new EM framework in which it is possible not only to optimize the model parameters but also the number of model components. A key feature of our approach is that we use nonparametric density estimation to improve parametric density estimation in the EM framework. While the classical EM algorithm estimates model parameters empirically using the data points themselves, we estimate them using nonparametric density estimates.There exist many possible applications that require optimal adjustment of model components. We present experimental results in two domains. One is polygonal approximation of laser range data, which is an active research topic in robot navigation. The other is grouping of edge pixels to contour boundaries, which still belongs to unsolved problems in computer vision.	New EM derived from Kullback-Leibler divergence	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kristen LeFevre:David J. DeWitt:Raghu Ramakrishnan	Protecting data privacy is an important problem in microdata distribution. Anonymization algorithms typically aim to protect individual privacy, with minimal impact on the quality of the resulting data. While the bulk of previous work has measured quality through one-size-fits-all measures, we argue that quality is best judged with respect to the workload for which the data will ultimately be used.This paper provides a suite of anonymization algorithms that produce an anonymous view based on a target class of workloads, consisting of one or more data mining tasks, as well as selection predicates. An extensive experimental evaluation indicates that this approach is often more effective than previous anonymization techniques.	Workload-aware anonymization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ping Li:Trevor J. Hastie:Kenneth W. Church	There has been considerable interest in random projections, an approximate algorithm for estimating distances between pairs of points in a high-dimensional vector space. Let A in Rn x D be our n points in D dimensions. The method multiplies A by a random matrix R in RD x k, reducing the D dimensions down to just k for speeding up the computation. R typically consists of entries of standard normal N(0,1). It is well known that random projections preserve pairwise distances (in the expectation). Achlioptas proposed sparse random projections by replacing the N(0,1) entries in R with entries in -1,0,1 with probabilities 1/6, 2/3, 1/6, achieving a threefold speedup in processing time.We recommend using R of entries in -1,0,1 with probabilities 1/2√D, 1-1√D, 1/2√D for achieving a significant √D-fold speedup, with little loss in accuracy.	Very sparse random projections	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bing Liu:Kaidi Zhao:Jeffrey Benkler:Weimin Xiao	The problem of interestingness of discovered rules has been investigated by many researchers. The issue is that data mining algorithms often generate too many rules, which make it very hard for the user to find the interesting ones. Over the years many techniques have been proposed. However, few have made it to real-life applications. Since August 2004, we have been working on a major application for Motorola. The objective is to find causes of cellular phone call failures from a large amount of usage log data. Class association rules have been shown to be suitable for this type of diagnostic data mining application. We were also able to put several existing interestingness methods to the test, which revealed some major shortcomings. One of the main problems is that most existing methods treat rules individually. However, we discovered that users seldom regard a single rule to be interesting by itself. A rule is only interesting in the context of some other rules. Furthermore, in many cases, each individual rule may not be interesting, but a group of them together can represent an important piece of knowledge. This led us to discover a deficiency of the current rule mining paradigm. Using non-zero minimum support and non-zero minimum confidence eliminates a large amount of context information, which makes rule analysis difficult. This paper proposes a novel approach to deal with all of these issues, which casts rule analysis as OLAP operations and general impression mining. This approach enables the user to explore the knowledge space to find useful knowledge easily and systematically. It also provides a natural framework for visualization. As an evidence of its effectiveness, our system, called Opportunity Map, based on these ideas has been deployed, and it is in daily use in Motorola for finding actionable knowledge from its engineering and other types of data sets.	Rule interestingness analysis using OLAP operations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Elsa Loekito:James Bailey	Patterns of contrast are a very important way of comparing multi-dimensional datasets. Such patterns are able to capture regions of high difference between two classes of data, and are useful for human experts and the construction of classifiers. However, mining such patterns is particularly challenging when the number of dimensions is large. This paper describes a new technique for mining several varieties of contrast pattern, based on the use of Zero-Suppressed Binary Decision Diagrams (ZBDDs), a powerful data structure for manipulating sparse data. We study the mining of both simple contrast patterns, such as emerging patterns, and more novel and complex contrasts, which we call disjunctive emerging patterns. A performance study demonstrates our ZBDD technique is highly scalable, substantially improves on state of the art mining for emerging patterns and can be effective for discovering complex contrasts from datasets with thousands of attributes.	Fast mining of high dimensional expressive contrast patterns using zero-suppressed binary decision diagrams	NA:NA	2018
Bo Long:Xiaoyun Wu:Zhongfei (Mark) Zhang:Philip S. Yu	Various data mining applications involve data objects of multiple types that are related to each other, which can be naturally formulated as a k-partite graph. However, the research on mining the hidden structures from a k-partite graph is still limited and preliminary. In this paper, we propose a general model, the relation summary network, to find the hidden structures (the local cluster structures and the global community structures) from a k-partite graph. The model provides a principal framework for unsupervised learning on k-partite graphs of various structures. Under this model, we derive a novel algorithm to identify the hidden structures of a k-partite graph by constructing a relation summary network to approximate the original k-partite graph under a broad range of distortion measures. Experiments on both synthetic and real datasets demonstrate the promise and effectiveness of the proposed model and algorithm. We also establish the connections between existing clustering approaches and the proposed model to provide a unified view to the clustering approaches.	Unsupervised learning on k-partite graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael W. Mahoney:Mauro Maggioni:Petros Drineas	Motivated by numerous applications in which the data may be modeled by a variable subscripted by three or more indices, we develop a tensor-based extension of the matrix CUR decomposition. The tensor-CUR decomposition is most relevant as a data analysis tool when the data consist of one mode that is qualitatively different than the others. In this case, the tensor-CUR decomposition approximately expresses the original data tensor in terms of a basis consisting of underlying subtensors that are actual data elements and thus that have natural interpretation in terms ofthe processes generating the data. In order to demonstrate the general applicability of this tensor decomposition, we apply it to problems in two diverse domains of data analysis: hyperspectral medical image analysis and consumer recommendation system analysis. In the hyperspectral data application, the tensor-CUR decomposition is used to compress the data, and we show that classification quality is not substantially reduced even after substantial data compression. In the recommendation system application, the tensor-CUR decomposition is used to reconstruct missing entries in a user-product-product preference tensor, and we show that high quality recommendations can be made on the basis of a small number of basis users and a small number of product-product comparisons from a new user.	Tensor-CUR decompositions for tensor-based data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Qiaozhu Mei:Dong Xin:Hong Cheng:Jiawei Han:ChengXiang Zhai	As a fundamental data mining task, frequent pattern mining has widespread applications in many different domains. Research in frequent pattern mining has so far mostly focused on developing efficient algorithms to discover various kinds of frequent patterns, but little attention has been paid to the important nextstep - interpreting the discovered frequent patterns. Although some recent work has studied the compression and summarization of frequent patterns, the proposed techniques can only annotate a frequent pattern with non-semantical information (e.g. support), which provides only limited help for a user to understand the patterns.In this paper, we propose the novel problem of generating semantic annotations for frequent patterns. The goal is to annotate a frequent pattern with in-depth, concise, and structured information that can better indicate the hidden meanings of the pattern. We propose a general approach to generate such anannotation for a frequent pattern by constructing its context model, selecting informative context indicators, and extracting representative transactions and semantically similar patterns. This general approach has potentially many applications such as generating a dictionary-like description for a pattern, finding synonym patterns, discovering semantic relations, and summarizing semantic classes of a set of frequent patterns. Experiments on different datasets show that our approach is effective in generating semantic pattern annotations.	Generating semantic annotations for frequent patterns with context analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Taneli Mielikäinen:Evimaria Terzi:Panayiotis Tsaparas	Partitions of sequential data exist either per se or as a result of sequence segmentation algorithms. It is often the case that the same timeline is partitioned in many different ways. For example, different segmentation algorithms produce different partitions of the same underlying data points. In such cases, we are interested in producing an aggregate partition, i.e., a segmentation that agrees as much as possible with the input segmentations. Each partition is defined as a set of continuous non-overlapping segments of the timeline. We show that this problem can be solved optimally in polynomial time using dynamic programming. We also propose faster greedy heuristics that work well in practice. We experiment with our algorithms and we demonstrate their utility in clustering the behavior of mobile-phone users and combining the results of different segmentation algorithms on genomic sequences.	Aggregating time partitions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Matthew J. Rattigan:Marc Maier:David Jensen	Statistics on networks have become vital to the study of relational data drawn from areas such as bibliometrics, fraud detection, bioinformatics, and the Internet. Calculating many of the most important measures - such as betweenness centrality, closeness centrality, and graph diameter-requires identifying short paths in these networks. However, finding these short paths can be intractable for even moderate-size networks. We introduce the concept of a network structure index (NSI), a composition of (1) a set of annotations on every node in the network and (2) a function that uses the annotations to estimate graph distance between pairs of nodes. We present several varieties of NSIs, examine their time and space complexity, and analyze their performance on synthetic and real data sets. We show that creating an NSI for a given network enables extremely efficient and accurate estimation of a wide variety of network statistics on that network.	Using structure indices for efficient approximation of network properties	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rómer Rosales:Glenn Fung	Calculation of object similarity, for example through a distance function, is a common part of data mining and machine learning algorithms. This calculation is crucial for efficiency since distances are usually evaluated a large number of times, the classical example being query-by-example (find objects that are similar to a given query object). Moreover, the performance of these algorithms depends critically on choosing a good distance function. However, it is often the case that (1) the correct distance is unknown or chosen by hand, and (2) its calculation is computationally expensive (e.g., such as for large dimensional objects). In this paper, we propose a method for constructing relative-distance preserving low-dimensional mapping (sparse mappings). This method allows learning unknown distance functions (or approximating known functions) with the additional property of reducing distance computation time. We present an algorithm that given examples of proximity comparisons among triples of objects (object i is more like object j than object k), learns a distance function, in as few dimensions as possible, that preserves these distance relationships. The formulation is based on solving a linear programming optimization problem that finds an optimal mapping for the given dataset and distance relationships. Unlike other popular embedding algorithms, this method can easily generalize to new points, does not have local minima, and explicitly models computational efficiency by finding a mapping that is sparse, i.e. one that depends on a small subset of features or dimensions. Experimental evaluation shows that the proposed formulation compares favorably with a state-of-the art method in several publicly available datasets.	Learning sparse metrics via linear programming	NA:NA	2018
Jimeng Sun:Dacheng Tao:Christos Faloutsos	How do we find patterns in author-keyword associations, evolving over time? Or in Data Cubes, with product-branch-customer sales information? Matrix decompositions, like principal component analysis (PCA) and variants, are invaluable tools for mining, dimensionality reduction, feature selection, rule identification in numerous settings like streaming data, text, graphs, social networks and many more. However, they have only two orders, like author and keyword, in the above example.We propose to envision such higher order data as tensors,and tap the vast literature on the topic. However, these methods do not necessarily scale up, let alone operate on semi-infinite streams. Thus, we introduce the dynamic tensor analysis (DTA) method, and its variants. DTA provides a compact summary for high-order and high-dimensional data, and it also reveals the hidden correlations. Algorithmically, we designed DTA very carefully so that it is (a) scalable, (b) space efficient (it does not need to store the past) and (c) fully automatic with no need for user defined parameters. Moreover, we propose STA, a streaming tensor analysis method, which provides a fast, streaming approximation to DTA.We implemented all our methods, and applied them in two real settings, namely, anomaly detection and multi-way latent semantic indexing. We used two real, large datasets, one on network flow data (100GB over 1 month) and one from DBLP (200MB over 25 years). Our experiments show that our methods are fast, accurate and that they find interesting patterns and outliers on the real datasets.	Beyond streams and graphs: dynamic tensor analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lei Tang:Jianping Zhang:Huan Liu	Hierarchical models have been shown to be effective in content classification. However, we observe through empirical study that the performance of a hierarchical model varies with given taxonomies; even a semantically sound taxonomy has potential to change its structure for better classification. By scrutinizing typical cases, we elucidate why a given semantics-based hierarchy does not work well in content classification, and how it could be improved for accurate hierarchical classification. With these understandings, we propose effective localized solutions that modify the given taxonomy for accurate hierarchical classification. We conduct extensive experiments on both toy and real-world data sets, report improved performance and interesting findings, and provide further analysis of algorithmic issues such as time complexity, robustness, and sensitivity to the number of features.	Acclimatizing Taxonomic Semantics for Hierarchical Content Classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yufei Tao:Xiaokui Xiao:Shuigeng Zhou	Let R be a set of objects. An object o ∈ R is an outlier, if there exist less than k objects in R whose distances to o are at most r. The values of k, r, and the distance metric are provided by a user at the run time. The objective is to return all outliers with the smallest I/O cost.This paper considers a generic version of the problem, where no information is available for outlier computation, except for objects' mutual distances. We prove an upper bound for the memory consumption which permits the discovery of all outliers by scanning the dataset 3 times. The upper bound turns out to be extremely low in practice, e.g., less than 1% of R. Since the actual memory capacity of a realistic DBMS is typically larger, we develop a novel algorithm, which integrates our theoretical findings with carefully-designed heuristics that leverage the additional memory to improve I/O efficiency. Our technique reports all outliers by scanning the dataset at most twice (in some cases, even once), and significantly outperforms the existing solutions by a factor up to an order of magnitude.	Mining distance-based outliers from large databases in any metric space	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hanghang Tong:Christos Faloutsos	Given Q nodes in a social network (say, authorship network), how can we find the node/author that is the center-piece, and has direct or indirect connections to all, or most of them? For example, this node could be the common advisor, or someone who started the research area that the Q nodes belong to. Isomorphic scenarios appear in law enforcement (find the master-mind criminal, connected to all current suspects), gene regulatory networks (find the protein that participates in pathways with all or most of the given Q proteins), viral marketing and many more.Connection subgraphs is an important first step, handling the case of Q=2 query nodes. Then, the connection subgraph algorithm finds the b intermediate nodes, that provide a good connection between the two original query nodes.Here we generalize the challenge in multiple dimensions: First, we allow more than two query nodes. Second, we allow a whole family of queries, ranging from 'OR' to 'AND', with 'softAND' in-between. Finally, we design and compare a fast approximation, and study the quality/speed trade-off.We also present experiments on the DBLP dataset. The experiments confirm that our proposed method naturally deals with multi-source queries and that the resulting subgraphs agree with our intuition. Wall-clock timing results on the DBLP dataset show that our proposed approximation achieve good accuracy for about 6:1 speedup.	Center-piece subgraphs: problem definition and fast solutions	NA:NA	2018
Ke Wang:Benjamin C. M. Fung	An organization makes a new release as new information become available, releases a tailored view for each data request, releases sensitive information and identifying information separately. The availability of related releases sharpens the identification of individuals by a global quasi-identifier consisting of attributes from related releases. Since it is not an option to anonymize previously released data, the current release must be anonymized to ensure that a global quasi-identifier is not effective for identification. In this paper, we study the sequential anonymization problem under this assumption. A key question is how to anonymize the current release so that it cannot be linked to previous releases yet remains useful for its own release purpose. We introduce the lossy join, a negative property in relational database design, as a way to hide the join relationship among releases, and propose a scalable and practical solution.	Anonymizing sequential releases	NA:NA	2018
Xuerui Wang:Andrew McCallum	This paper presents an LDA-style topic model that captures not only the low-dimensional structure of data, but also how the structure changes over time. Unlike other recent work that relies on Markov assumptions or discretization of time, here each topic is associated with a continuous distribution over timestamps, and for each generated document, the mixture distribution over topics is influenced by both word co-occurrences and the document's timestamp. Thus, the meaning of a particular topic can be relied upon as constant, but the topics' occurrence and correlations change significantly over time. We present results on nine months of personal email, 17 years of NIPS research papers and over 200 years of presidential state-of-the-union addresses, showing improved topics, better timestamp prediction, and interpretable trends.	Topics over time: a non-Markov continuous-time model of topical trends	NA:NA	2018
Geoffrey I. Webb	In many applications, association rules will only be interesting if they represent non-trivial correlations between all constituent items. Numerous techniques have been developed that seek to avoid false discoveries. However, while all provide useful solutions to aspects of this problem, none provides a generic solution that is both flexible enough to accommodate varying definitions of true and false discoveries and powerful enough to provide strict control over the risk of false discoveries. This paper presents generic techniques that allow definitions of true and false discoveries to be specified in terms of arbitrary statistical hypothesis tests and which provide strict control over the experiment wise risk of false discoveries.	Discovering significant rules	NA	2018
Dong Xin:Hong Cheng:Xifeng Yan:Jiawei Han	Observed in many applications, there is a potential need of extracting a small set of frequent patterns having not only high significance but also low redundancy. The significance is usually defined by the context of applications. Previous studies have been concentrating on how to compute top-k significant patterns or how to remove redundancy among patterns separately. There is limited work on finding those top-k patterns which demonstrate high-significance and low-redundancy simultaneously.In this paper, we study the problem of extracting redundancy-aware top-k patterns from a large collection of frequent patterns. We first examine the evaluation functions for measuring the combined significance of a pattern set and propose the MMS (Maximal Marginal Significance) as the problem formulation. The problem is known as NP-hard. We further present a greedy algorithm which approximates the optimal solution with performance bound O(log k) (with conditions on redundancy), where k is the number of reported patterns. The direct usage of redundancy-aware top-k patterns is illustrated through two real applications: disk block prefetch and document theme extraction. Our method can also be applied to processing redundancy-aware top-k queries in traditional database.	Extracting redundancy-aware top-k patterns	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jieping Ye:Tie Wang	Linear and Quadratic Discriminant Analysis have been used widely in many areas of data mining, machine learning, and bioinformatics. Friedman proposed a compromise between Linear and Quadratic Discriminant Analysis, called Regularized Discriminant Analysis (RDA), which has been shown to be more flexible in dealing with various class distributions. RDA applies the regularization techniques by employing two regularization parameters, which are chosen to jointly maximize the classification performance. The optimal pair of parameters is commonly estimated via cross-validation from a set of candidate pairs. It is computationally prohibitive for high dimensional data, especially when the candidate set is large, which limits the applications of RDA to low dimensional data.In this paper, a novel algorithm for RDA is presented for high dimensional data. It can estimate the optimal regularization parameters from a large set of parameter candidates efficiently. Experiments on a variety of datasets confirm the claimed theoretical estimate of the efficiency, and also show that, for a properly chosen pair of regularization parameters, RDA performs favorably in classification, in comparison with other existing classification methods.	Regularized discriminant analysis for high dimensional, low sample size data	NA:NA	2018
Shipeng Yu:Kai Yu:Volker Tresp:Hans-Peter Kriegel:Mingrui Wu	Principal component analysis (PCA) has been extensively applied in data mining, pattern recognition and information retrieval for unsupervised dimensionality reduction. When labels of data are available, e.g., in a classification or regression task, PCA is however not able to use this information. The problem is more interesting if only part of the input data are labeled, i.e., in a semi-supervised setting. In this paper we propose a supervised PCA model called SPPCA and a semi-supervised PCA model called S2PPCA, both of which are extensions of a probabilistic PCA model. The proposed models are able to incorporate the label information into the projection phase, and can naturally handle multiple outputs (i.e., in multi-task learning problems). We derive an efficient EM learning algorithm for both models, and also provide theoretical justifications of the model behaviors. SPPCA and S2PPCA are compared with other supervised projection methods on various learning tasks, and show not only promising performance but also good scalability.	Supervised probabilistic principal component analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dell Zhang:Wee Sun Lee	In many text classification applications, it is appealing to take every document as a string of characters rather than a bag of words. Previous research studies in this area mostly focused on different variants of generative Markov chain models. Although discriminative machine learning methods like Support Vector Machine (SVM) have been quite successful in text classification with word features, it is neither effective nor efficient to apply them straightforwardly taking all substrings in the corpus as features. In this paper, we propose to partition all substrings into statistical equivalence groups, and then pick those groups which are important (in the statistical sense) as features (named key-substring-group features) for text classification. In particular, we propose a suffix tree based algorithm that can extract such features in linear time (with respect to the total number of characters in the corpus). Our experiments on English, Chinese and Greek datasets show that SVM with key-substring-group features can achieve outstanding performance for various text classification tasks.	Extracting key-substring-group features for text classification	NA:NA	2018
Qiankun Zhao:Tie-Yan Liu:Sourav S. Bhowmick:Wei-Ying Ma	Previous efforts on event detection from the web have focused primarily on web content and structure data ignoring the rich collection of web log data. In this paper, we propose the first approach to detect events from the click-through data, which is the log data of web search engines. The intuition behind event detection from click-through data is that such data is often event-driven and each event can be represented as a set ofquery-page pairs that are not only semantically similar but also have similar evolution pattern over time. Given the click-through data, in our proposed approach, we first segment it into a sequence of bipartite graphs based on theuser-defined time granularity. Next, the sequence of bipartite graphs is represented as a vector-based graph, which records the semantic and evolutionary relationships between queries and pages. After that, the vector-based graph is transformed into its dual graph, where each node is a query-page pair that will be used to represent real world events. Then, the problem of event detection is equivalent to the problem of clustering the dual graph of the vector-based graph. The clustering process is based on a two-phase graph cut algorithm. In the first phase, query-page pairs are clustered based on thesemantic-based similarity such that each cluster in the result corresponds to a specific topic. In the second phase, query-page pairs related to the same topic are further clustered based on the evolution pattern-based similarity such that each cluster is expected to represent a specific event under the specific topic. Experiments with real click-through data collected from a commercial web search engine show that the proposed approach produces high quality results.	Event detection from evolution of click-through data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jun Zhu:Zaiqing Nie:Ji-Rong Wen:Bo Zhang:Wei-Ying Ma	Recent work has shown the feasibility and promise of template-independent Web data extraction. However, existing approaches use decoupled strategies - attempting to do data record detection and attribute labeling in two separate phases. In this paper, we show that separately extracting data records and attributes is highly ineffective and propose a probabilistic model to perform these two tasks simultaneously. In our approach, record detection can benefit from the availability of semantics required in attribute labeling and, at the same time, the accuracy of attribute labeling can be improved when data records are labeled in a collective manner. The proposed model is called Hierarchical Conditional Random Fields. It can efficiently integrate all useful features by learning their importance, and it can also incorporate hierarchical interactions which are very important for Web data extraction. We empirically compare the proposed model with existing decoupled approaches for product information extraction, and the results show significant improvements in both record detection and attribute labeling.	Simultaneous record detection and attribute labeling in web data extraction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Naoki Abe:Bianca Zadrozny:John Langford	Most existing approaches to outlier detection are based on density estimation methods. There are two notable issues with these methods: one is the lack of explanation for outlier flagging decisions, and the other is the relatively high computational requirement. In this paper, we present a novel approach to outlier detection based on classification, in an attempt to address both of these issues. Our approach isbased on two key ideas. First, we present a simple reduction of outlier detection to classification, via a procedure that involves applying classification to a labeled data set containing artificially generated examples that play the role of potential outliers. Once the task has been reduced to classification, we then invoke a selective sampling mechanism based on active learning to the reduced classification problem. We empirically evaluate the proposed approach using a number of data sets, and find that our method is superior to other methods based on the same reduction to classification, but using standard classification methods. We also show that it is competitive to the state-of-the-art outlier detection methods in the literature based on density estimation, while significantly improving the computational complexity and explanatory power.	Outlier detection by active learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Charu C. Aggarwal:Jian Pei:Bo Zhang	Privacy preserving data processing has become an important topic recently because of advances in hardware technology which have lead to widespread proliferation of demographic and sensitive data. A rudimentary way to preserve privacy is to simply hide the information in some of the sensitive fields picked by a user. However, such a method is far from satisfactory in its ability to prevent adversarial data mining. Real data records are not randomly distributed. As a result, some fields in the records may be correlated with one another. If the correlation is sufficiently high, it may be possible for an adversary to predict some of the sensitive fields using other fields.In this paper, we study the problem of privacy preservation against adversarial data mining, which is to hide a minimal set of entries so that the privacy of the sensitive fields are satisfactorily preserved. In other words, even by data mining, an adversary still cannot accurately recover the hidden data entries. We model the problem concisely and develop an efficient heuristic algorithm which can find good solutions in practice. An extensive performance study is conducted on both synthetic and real data sets to examine the effectiveness of our approach.	On privacy preservation against adversarial data mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bavani Arunasalam:Sanjay Chawla	In this paper we propose CCCS, a new algorithm for classification based on association rule mining. The key innovation in CCCS is the use of a new measure, the "Complement Class Support (CCS)" whose application results in rules which are guaranteed to be positively correlated. Furthermore, the anti-monotonic property that CCS possesses has very different semantics vis-a-vis the traditional support measure. In particular, "good" rules have a low CCS value. This makes CCS an ideal measure to use in conjunction with a top-down algorithm. Finally, the nature of CCS allows the pruning of rules without the setting of any threshold parameter! To the best of our knowledge this is the first threshold-free algorithm in association rule mining for classification.	CCCS: a top-down associative classifier for imbalanced class distribution	NA:NA	2018
Tanya Y. Berger-Wolf:Jared Saia	Finding patterns of social interaction within a population has wide-ranging applications including: disease modeling, cultural and information transmission, and behavioral ecology. Social interactions are often modeled with networks. A key characteristic of social interactions is their continual change. However, most past analyses of social networks are essentially static in that all information about the time that social interactions take place is discarded. In this paper, we propose a new mathematical and computational framework that enables analysis of dynamic social networks and that explicitly makes use of information about when social interactions occur.	A framework for analysis of dynamic social networks	NA:NA	2018
Indrajit Bhattacharya:Lise Getoor:Louis Licamele	The goal of entity resolution is to reconcile database references corresponding to the same real-world entities. Given the abundance of publicly available databases where entities are not resolved, we motivate the problem of quickly processing queries that require resolved entities from such 'unclean' databases. We propose a two-stage collective resolution strategy for processing queries. We then show how it can be performed on-the-fly by adaptively extracting and resolving those database references that are the most helpful for resolving the query. We validate our approach on two large real-world publication databases where we show the usefulness of collective resolution and at the same time demonstrate the need for adaptive strategies for query processing. We then show how the same queries can be answered in real time using our adaptive approach while preserving the gains of collective resolution.	Query-time entity resolution	NA:NA:NA	2018
Cristian Buciluǎ:Rich Caruana:Alexandru Niculescu-Mizil	Often the best performing supervised learning models are ensembles of hundreds or thousands of base-level classifiers. Unfortunately, the space required to store this many classifiers, and the time required to execute them at run-time, prohibits their use in applications where test sets are large (e.g. Google), where storage space is at a premium (e.g. PDAs), and where computational power is limited (e.g. hea-ring aids). We present a method for "compressing" large, complex ensembles into smaller, faster models, usually without significant loss in performance.	Model compression	NA:NA:NA	2018
Robin Burke:Bamshad Mobasher:Chad Williams:Runa Bhaumik	Collaborative recommender systems are highly vulnerable to attack. Attackers can use automated means to inject a large number of biased profiles into such a system, resulting in recommendations that favor or disfavor given items. Since collaborative recommender systems must be open to user input, it is difficult to design a system that cannot be so attacked. Researchers studying robust recommendation have therefore begun to identify types of attacks and study mechanisms for recognizing and defeating them. In this paper, we propose and study different attributes derived from user profiles for their utility in attack detection. We show that a machine learning classification approach that includes attributes derived from attack models is more successful than more generalized detection algorithms previously studied.	Classification features for attack detection in collaborative recommender systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vitor R. Carvalho:William W. Cohen	To learn concepts over massive data streams, it is essential to design inference and learning methods that operate in real time with limited memory. Online learning methods such as perceptron or Winnow are naturally suited to stream processing; however, in practice multiple passes over the same training data are required to achieve accuracy comparable to state-of-the-art batch learners. In the current work we address the problem of training an on-line learner with a single passover the data. We evaluate several existing methods, and also propose a new modification of Margin Balanced Winnow, which has performance comparable to linear SVM. We also explore the effect of averaging, a.k.a. voting, on online learning. Finally, we describe how the new Modified Margin Balanced Winnow algorithm can be naturally adapted to perform feature selection. This scheme performs comparably to widely-used batch feature selection methods like information gain or Chi-square, with the advantage of being able to select features on-the-fly. Taken together, these techniques allow single-pass online learning to be competitive with batch techniques, and still maintain the advantages of on-line learning.	Single-pass online learning: performance, voting schemes and online feature selection	NA:NA	2018
Deepayan Chakrabarti:Ravi Kumar:Andrew Tomkins	We consider the problem of clustering data over time. An evolutionary clustering should simultaneously optimize two potentially conflicting criteria: first, the clustering at any point in time should remain faithful to the current data as much as possible; and second, the clustering should not shift dramatically from one timestep to the next. We present a generic framework for this problem, and discuss evolutionary versions of two widely-used clustering algorithms within this framework: k-means and agglomerative hierarchical clustering. We extensively evaluate these algorithms on real data sets and show that our algorithms can simultaneously attain both high accuracy in capturing today's data, and high fidelity in reflecting yesterday's clustering.	Evolutionary clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Aristides Gionis:Heikki Mannila:Kai Puolamäki:Antti Ukkonen	Ordering and ranking items of different types are important tasks in various applications, such as query processing and scientific data mining. A total order for the items can be misleading, since there are groups of items that have practically equal ranks.We consider bucket orders, i.e., total orders with ties. They can be used to capture the essential order information without overfitting the data: they form a useful concept class between total orders and arbitrary partial orders. We address the question of finding a bucket order for a set of items, given pairwise precedence information between the items. We also discuss methods for computing the pairwise precedence data.We describe simple and efficient algorithms for finding good bucket orders. Several of the algorithms have a provable approximation guarantee, and they scale well to large datasets. We provide experimental results on artificial and a real data that show the usefulness of bucket orders and demonstrate the accuracy and efficiency of the algorithms.	Algorithms for discovering bucket orders from data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongyu Guo:Herna L. Viktor	Commercial relational databases currently store vast amounts of real-world data. The data within these relational repositories are represented by multiple relations, which are inter-connected by means of foreign key joins. The mining of such interrelated data poses a major challenge to the data mining community. Unfortunately, traditional data mining algorithms usually only explore one relation, the so-called target relation, thus excluding crucial knowledge embedded in the related so-called background relations. In this paper, we propose a novel approach for classifying relational such domains. This strategy employs multiple views to capture crucial information not only from the target relation, but also from related relations. This information is integrated into the relational mining process. The framework presented here, firstly, explore the relational domain to partition its features space into multiple subsets. Subsequently, these subsets are used to construct multiple uncorrelated views, based on a novel correlation-based view validation method, against the target concept. Finally, the knowledge possessed by multiple views are incorporated into a meta-learning mechanism to augment one another. Based on this framework, a wide range of conventional data mining methods can be applied to mine relational databases. Our experiments on benchmark real-world data sets show that the proposed method achieves promising results both in terms of overall accuracy obtained and run time, when compared with two other relational data mining approaches.	Mining relational data through correlation-based multiple view validation	NA:NA	2018
Tomoharu Iwata:Kazumi Saito:Takeshi Yamada	Online stores providing subscription services need to extend user subscription periods as long as possible to increase their profits. Conventional recommendation methods recommend items that best coincide with user's interests to maximize the purchase probability, which does not necessarily contribute to extend subscription periods. We present a novel recommendation method for subscription services that maximizes the probability of the subscription period being extended. Our method finds frequent purchase patterns in the long subscription period users, and recommends items for a new user to simulate the found patterns. Using survival analysis techniques, we efficiently extract information from the log data for finding the patterns. Furthermore, we infer user's interests from purchase histories based on maximum entropy models, and use the interests to improve the recommendations. Since a longer subscription period is the result of greater user satisfaction, our method benefits users as well as online stores. We evaluate our method using the real log data of an online cartoon distribution service for cell-phone in Japan.	Recommendation method for extending subscription periods	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wolfgang Jank:Galit Shmueli:Shanshan Wang	We propose a dynamic model for forecasting price in online auctions. One of the key features of our model is that it operates during the live-auction, which makes it different from previous approaches that only consider static models. Our model is also different with respect to how information about price is incorporated. While one part of the model is based on the more traditional notion of an auction's price-level, another part incorporates its dynamics in the form of a price's velocity and acceleration. In that sense, it incorporates key features of a dynamic environment such as an online auction. The use of novel functional data methodology allows us to measure, and subsequently include, dynamic price characteristics. We illustrate our model on a diverse set of eBay auctions across many different book categories. We find significantly higher prediction accuracy compared to standard approaches.	Dynamic, real-time forecasting of online auctions via functional models	NA:NA:NA	2018
Szymon Jaroszewicz	A new class of associations (polynomial itemsets and polynomial association rules) is presented which allows for discovering nonlinear relationships between numeric attributes without discretization. For binary attributes, proposed associations reduce to classic itemsets and association rules. Many standard association rule mining algorithms can be adapted to finding polynomial itemsets and association rules. We applied polynomial associations to add non-linear terms to logistic regression models. Significant performance improvement was achieved over stepwise methods, traditionally used in statistics, with comparable accuracy.	Polynomial association rules with applications to logistic regression	NA	2018
Nan Jiang:Le Gruenwald	Mining frequent closed itemsets provides complete and condensed information for non-redundant association rules generation. Extensive studies have been done on mining frequent closed itemsets, but they are mainly intended for traditional transaction databases and thus do not take data stream characteristics into consideration. In this paper, we propose a novel approach for mining closed frequent itemsets over data streams. It computes and maintains closed itemsets online and incrementally, and can output the current closed frequent itemsets in real time based on users' specified thresholds. Experimental results show that our proposed method is both time and space efficient, has good scalability as the number of transactions processed increases and adapts very rapidly to the change in data streams.	CFI-Stream: mining closed frequent itemsets in data streams	NA:NA	2018
Arnd Christian König:Eric Brill	Many applications in text processing require significant human effort for either labeling large document collections (when learning statistical models) or extrapolating rules from them (when using knowledge engineering). In this work, we describe away to reduce this effort, while retaining the methods' accuracy, by constructing a hybrid classifier that utilizes human reasoning over automatically discovered text patterns to complement machine learning. Using a standard sentiment-classification dataset and real customer feedback data, we demonstrate that the resulting technique results in significant reduction of the human effort required to obtain a given classification accuracy. Moreover, the hybrid text classifier also results in a significant boost in accuracy over machine-learning based classifiers when a comparable amount of labeled data is used.	Reducing the human overhead in text categorization	NA:NA	2018
Deept Kumar:Naren Ramakrishnan:Richard F. Helm:Malcolm Potts	We formulate a new data mining problem called it storytelling as a generalization of redescription mining. In traditional redescription mining, we are given a set of objects and a collection of subsets defined over these objects. The goal is to view the set system as a vocabulary and identify two expressions in this vocabulary that induce the same set of objects. Storytelling, on the other hand, aims to explicitly relate object sets that are disjoint (and hence, maximally dissimilar) by finding a chain of (approximate) redescriptions between the sets. This problem finds applications in bioinformatics, for instance, where the biologist is trying to relate a set of genes expressed in one experiment to another set, implicated in a different pathway. We outline an efficient storytelling implementation that embeds the CART wheels redescription mining algorithm in an A* search procedure, using the former to supply next move operators on search branches to the latter. This approach is practical and effective for mining large datasets and, at the same time, exploits the structure of partitions imposed by the given vocabulary. Three application case studies are presented: a study of word overlaps in large English dictionaries, exploring connections between genesets in a bioinformatics dataset, and relating publications in the PubMed index of abstracts.	Algorithms for storytelling	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ravi Kumar:Jasmine Novak:Andrew Tomkins	In this paper, we consider the evolution of structure within large online social networks. We present a series of measurements of two such networks, together comprising in excess of five million people and ten million friendship links, annotated with metadata capturing the time of every event in the life of the network. Our measurements expose a surprising segmentation of these networks into three regions: singletons who do not participate in the network; isolated communities which overwhelmingly display star structure; and a giant component anchored by a well-connected core region which persists even in the absence of stars.We present a simple model of network growth which captures these aspects of component structure. The model follows our experimental results, characterizing users as either passive members of the network; inviters who encourage offline friends and acquaintances to migrate online; and linkers who fully participate in the social evolution of the network.	Structure and evolution of online social networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sven Laur:Helger Lipmaa:Taneli Mielikäinen	We propose private protocols implementing the Kernel Adatron and Kernel Perceptron learning algorithms, give private classification protocols and private polynomial kernel computation protocols. The new protocols return their outputs - either the kernel value, the classifier or the classifications - in encrypted form so that they can be decrypted only by a common agreement by the protocol participants. We show how to use the encrypted classifications to privately estimate many properties of the data and the classifier. The new SVM classifiers are the first to be proven private according to the standard cryptographic definitions.	Cryptographically private support vector machines	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hady W. Lauw:Ee-Peng Lim:Ke Wang	In this paper, we investigate how deviation in evaluation activities may reveal bias on the part of reviewers and controversy on the part of evaluated objects. We focus on a 'data-centric approach' where the evaluation data is assumed to represent the 'ground truth'. The standard statistical approaches take evaluation and deviation at face value. We argue that attention should be paid to the subjectivity of evaluation, judging the evaluation score not just on 'what is being said' (deviation), but also on 'who says it' (reviewer) as well as on 'whom it is said about' (object). Furthermore, we observe that bias and controversy are mutually dependent, as there is more bias if there is higher deviation on a less controversial object. To address this mutual dependency, we propose a reinforcement model to identify bias and controversy. We test our model on real-life data to verify its applicability.	Bias and controversy: beyond the statistical deviation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jure Leskovec:Christos Faloutsos	Given a huge real graph, how can we derive a representative sample? There are many known algorithms to compute interesting measures (shortest paths, centrality, betweenness, etc.), but several of them become impractical for large graphs. Thus graph sampling is essential.The natural questions to ask are (a) which sampling method to use, (b) how small can the sample size be, and (c) how to scale up the measurements of the sample (e.g., the diameter), to get estimates for the large graph. The deeper, underlying question is subtle: how do we measure success?.We answer the above questions, and test our answers by thorough experiments on several, diverse datasets, spanning thousands nodes and edges. We consider several sampling methods, propose novel methods to check the goodness of sampling, and develop a set of scaling laws that describe relations between the properties of the original and the sample.In addition to the theoretical contributions, the practical conclusions from our work are: Sampling strategies based on edge selection do not perform well; simple uniform random node selection performs surprisingly well. Overall, best performing methods are the ones based on random-walks and "forest fire"; they match very accurately both static as well as evolutionary graph patterns, with sample sizes down to about 15% of the original graph.	Sampling from large graphs	NA:NA	2018
Jinze Liu:Qi Zhang:Wei Wang:Leonard McMillan:Jan Prins	Ontologies represent data relationships as hierarchies of possibly overlapping classes. Ontologies are closely related to clustering hierarchies, and in this article we explore this relationship in depth. In particular, we examine the space of ontologies that can be generated by pairwise dissimilarity matrices. We demonstrate that classical clustering algorithms, which take dissimilarity matrices as inputs, do not incorporate all available information. In fact, only special types of dissimilarity matrices can be exactly preserved by previous clustering methods. We model ontologies as a partially ordered set (poset) over the subset relation. In this paper, we propose a new clustering algorithm, that generates a partially ordered set of clusters from a dissimilarity matrix.	Clustering pair-wise dissimilarity data into partially ordered sets	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dharmesh M. Maniyar:Ian T. Nabney	We introduce a flexible visual data mining framework which combines advanced projection algorithms from the machine learning domain and visual techniques developed in the information visualization domain. The advantage of such an interface is that the user is directly involved in the data mining process. We integrate principled projection algorithms, such as generative topographic mapping (GTM) and hierarchical GTM (HGTM), with powerful visual techniques, such as magnification factors, directional curvatures, parallel coordinates and billboarding, to provide a visual data mining framework. Results on a real-life chemoinformatics dataset using GTM are promising and have been analytically compared with the results from the traditional projection methods. It is also shown that the HGTM algorithm provides additional value for large datasets. The computational complexity of these algorithms is discussed to demonstrate their suitability for the visual data mining framework.	Visual data mining using principled projection algorithms and information visualization techniques	NA:NA	2018
Qiaozhu Mei:ChengXiang Zhai	Contextual text mining is concerned with extracting topical themes from a text collection with context information (e.g., time and location) and comparing/analyzing the variations of themes over different contexts. Since the topics covered in a document are usually related to the context of the document, analyzing topical themes within context can potentially reveal many interesting theme patterns. In this paper, we generalize some of these models proposed in the previous work and we propose a new general probabilistic model for contextual text mining that can cover several existing models as special cases. Specifically, we extend the probabilistic latent semantic analysis (PLSA) model by introducing context variables to model the context of a document. The proposed mixture model, called contextual probabilistic latent semantic analysis (CPLSA) model, can be applied to many interesting mining tasks, such as temporal text mining, spatiotemporal text mining, author-topic analysis, and cross-collection comparative analysis. Empirical experiments show that the proposed mixture model can discover themes and their contextual variations effectively.	A mixture model for contextual text mining	NA:NA	2018
Srujana Merugu:Saharon Rosset:Claudia Perlich	Motivated by the problem of customer wallet estimation, we propose a new setting for multi-view regression, where we learn a completely unobserved target (in our case, customer wallet) by modeling it as a "central link" in a directed graphical model, connecting multiple sets of observed variables. The resulting conditional independence allows us to reduce the maximum discriminative likelihood estimation problem to a convex optimization problem for exponential linear models. We show that under certain modeling assumptions, in particular, when there exist two conditionally independent views and the noise is Gaussian, this problem can be reduced to a single least squares regression. Thus, for this specific, but widely applicable setting, the "unsupervised" multi-view problem can be solved via a simple supervised learning approach. This reduction also allows us to test the statistical independence assumptions underlying the graphical model and perform variable selection. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on our motivating problem of customer wallet estimation and on simulation data.	A new multi-view regression approach with an application to customer wallet estimation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Riadh Ben Messaoud:Omar Boussaid:Sabine Loudcher Rabaséda	In the On Line Analytical Processing (OLAP) context, exploration of huge and sparse data cubes is a tedious task which does not always lead to efficient results. In this paper, we couple OLAP with the Multiple Correspondence Analysis (MCA) in order to enhance visual representations of data cubes and thus, facilitate their interpretations and analysis. We also provide a quality criterion to measure the relevance of obtained representations. The criterion is based on a geometric neighborhood concept and a similarity metric between cells of a data cube. Experimental results on real data proved the interest and the efficiency of our approach.	Efficient multidimensional data representations based on multiple correspondence analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fabian Moerchen	Temporal patterns composed of symbolic intervals are commonly formulated with Allen's interval relations originating in temporal reasoning. This representation has severe disadvantages for knowledge discovery. The Time Series Knowledge Representation (TSKR) is a new hierarchical language for interval patterns expressing the temporal concepts of coincidence and partial order. We present effective and efficient mining algorithms for such patterns based on itemset techniques. A novel form of search space pruning effectively reduces the size of the mining result to ease interpretation and speed up the algorithms. On a real data set a concise set of TSKR patterns can explain the underlying temporal phenomena, whereas the patterns found with Allen's relations are far more numerous yet only explain fragments of the data.	Algorithms for time series knowledge mining	NA	2018
J. Saketha Nath:C. Bhattacharyya:M. N. Murty	This paper presents a novel Second Order Cone Programming (SOCP) formulation for large scale binary classification tasks. Assuming that the class conditional densities are mixture distributions, where each component of the mixture has a spherical covariance, the second order statistics of the components can be estimated efficiently using clustering algorithms like BIRCH. For each cluster, the second order moments are used to derive a second order cone constraint via a Chebyshev-Cantelli inequality. This constraint ensures that any data point in the cluster is classified correctly with a high probability. This leads to a large margin SOCP formulation whose size depends on the number of clusters rather than the number of training data points. Hence, the proposed formulation scales well for large datasets when compared to the state-of-the-art classifiers, Support Vector Machines (SVMs). Experiments on real world and synthetic datasets show that the proposed algorithm outperforms SVM solvers in terms of training time and achieves similar accuracies.	Clustering based large margin classification: a scalable approach using SOCP formulation	NA:NA:NA	2018
David Newman:Chaitanya Chemudugunta:Padhraic Smyth	The primary purpose of news articles is to convey information about who, what, when and where. But learning and summarizing these relationships for collections of thousands to millions of articles is difficult. While statistical topic models have been highly successful at topically summarizing huge collections of text documents, they do not explicitly address the textual interactions between who/where, i.e. named entities (persons, organizations, locations) and what, i.e. the topics. We present new graphical models that directly learn the relationship between topics discussed in news articles and entities mentioned in each article. We show how these entity-topic models, through a better understanding of the entity-topic relationships, are better at making predictions about entities.	Statistical entity-topic models	NA:NA:NA	2018
Noam Palatin:Arie Leizarowitz:Assaf Schuster:Ran Wolff	Grid systems are proving increasingly useful for managing the batch computing jobs of organizations. One well-known example is Intel, whose internally developed NetBatch system manages tens of thousands of machines. The size, heterogeneity, and complexity of grid systems make them very difficult, however, to configure. This often results in misconfigured machines, which may adversely affect the entire system.We investigate a distributed data mining approach for detection of misconfigured machines. Our Grid Monitoring System (GMS) non-intrusively collects data from all sources (log files, system services, etc.) available throughout the grid system. It converts raw data to semantically meaningful data and stores this data on the machine it was obtained from, limiting incurred overhead and allowing scalability. Afterwards, when analysis is requested, a distributed outliers detection algorithm is employed to identify misconfigured machines. The algorithm itself is implemented as a recursive workflow of grid jobs. It is especially suited to grid systems, in which the machines might be unavailable most of the time and often fail altogether.	Mining for misconfigured machines in grid systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jia-Yu Pan:André G. R. Balan:Eric P. Xing:Agma Juci Machado Traina:Christos Faloutsos	We present FEMine, an automatic system for image-based gene expression analysis. We perform experiments on the largest publicly available collection of Drosophila ISH (in situ hybridization) images, showing that our FEMine system achieves excellent performance in classification, clustering, and content-based image retrieval. The major innovation of FEMine is the use of automatically discovered latent spatial "themes" of gene expressions, LGEs, in the whole-embryo context, as opposed to patterns in nearly disjoint portions of an embryo proposed in previous methods.	Automatic mining of fruit fly embryo images	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Seung-Taek Park:David Pennock:Omid Madani:Nathan Good:Dennis DeCoste	The goal of a recommender system is to suggest items of interest to a user based on historical behavior of a community of users. Given detailed enough history, item-based collaborative filtering (CF) often performs as well or better than almost any other recommendation method. However, in cold-start situations - where a user, an item, or the entire system is new - simple non-personalized recommendations often fare better. We improve the scalability and performance of a previous approach to handling cold-start situations that uses filterbots, or surrogate users that rate items based only on user or item attributes. We show that introducing a very small number of simple filterbots helps make CF algorithms more robust. In particular, adding just seven global filterbots improves both user-based and item-based CF in cold-start user, cold-start item, and cold-start system settings. Performance is better when data is scarce, performance is no worse when data is plentiful, and algorithm efficiency is negligibly affected. We systematically compare a non-personalized baseline, user-based CF, item-based CF, and our bot-augmented user- and item-based CF algorithms using three data sets (Yahoo! Movies, MovieLens, and EachMovie) with the normalized MAE metric in three types of cold-start situations. The advantage of our "naïve filterbot" approach is most pronounced for the Yahoo! data, the sparsest of the three data sets.	Naïve filterbots for robust cold-start recommendations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Myra Spiliopoulou:Irene Ntoutsi:Yannis Theodoridis:Rene Schult	There is much recent work on detecting and tracking change in clusters, often based on the study of the spatiotemporal properties of a cluster. For the many applications where cluster change is relevant, among them customer relationship management, fraud detection and marketing, it is also necessary to provide insights about the nature of cluster change: Is a cluster corresponding to a group of customers simply disappearing or are its members migrating to other clusters? Is a new emerging cluster reflecting a new target group of customers or does it rather consist of existing customers whose preferences shift? To answer such questions, we propose the framework MONIC for modeling and tracking of cluster transitions. Our cluster transition model encompasses changes that involve more than one cluster, thus allowing for insights on cluster change in the whole clustering. Our transition tracking mechanism is not based on the topological properties of clusters, which are only available for some types of clustering, but on the contents of the underlying data stream. We present our first results on monitoring cluster transitions over the ACM digital library.	MONIC: modeling and monitoring cluster transitions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fabian M. Suchanek:Georgiana Ifrim:Gerhard Weikum	The World Wide Web provides a nearly endless source of knowledge, which is mostly given in natural language. A first step towards exploiting this data automatically could be to extract pairs of a given semantic relation from text documents - for example all pairs of a person and her birthdate. One strategy for this task is to find text patterns that express the semantic relation, to generalize these patterns, and to apply them to a corpus to find new pairs. In this paper, we show that this approach profits significantly when deep linguistic structures are used instead of surface text patterns. We demonstrate how linguistic structures can be represented for machine learning, and we provide a theoretical analysis of the pattern matching approach. We show the benefits of our approach by extensive experiments with our prototype system LEILA.	Combining linguistic and statistical analysis to extract relations from web documents	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bin Tan:Xuehua Shen:ChengXiang Zhai	Long-term search history contains rich information about a user's search preferences, which can be used as search context to improve retrieval performance. In this paper, we study statistical language modeling based methods to mine contextual information from long-term search history and exploit it for a more accurate estimate of the query language model. Experiments on real web search data show that the algorithms are effective in improving search accuracy for both fresh and recurring queries. The best performance is achieved when using clickthrough data of past searches that are related to the current query.	Mining long-term search history to improve search accuracy	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ivor W. Tsang:Andras Kocsor:James T. Kwok	Maximum margin discriminant analysis (MMDA) was proposed that uses the margin idea for feature extraction. It often outperforms traditional methods like kernel principal component analysis (KPCA) and kernel Fisher discriminant analysis (KFD). However, as in other kernel methods, its time complexity is cubic in the number of training points m, and is thus computationally inefficient on massive data sets. In this paper, we propose an (1+ε)2-approximation algorithm for obtaining the MMDA features by extending the core vector machines. The resultant time complexity is only linear in m, while its space complexity is independent of m. Extensive comparisons with the original MMDA, KPCA, and KFD on a number of large data sets show that the proposed feature extractor can improve classification accuracy, and is also faster than these kernel-based methods by more than an order of magnitude.	Efficient kernel feature extraction for massive data sets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chao Wang:Srinivasan Parthasarathy	In this paper, we propose a novel probabilistic approach to summarize frequent itemset patterns. Such techniques are useful for summarization, post-processing, and end-user interpretation, particularly for problems where the resulting set of patterns are huge. In our approach items in the dataset are modeled as random variables. We then construct a Markov Random Fields (MRF) on these variables based on frequent itemsets and their occurrence statistics. The summarization proceeds in a level-wise iterative fashion. Occurrence statistics of itemsets at the lowest level are used to construct an initial MRF. Statistics of itemsets at the next level can then be inferred from the model. We use those patterns whose occurrence can not be accurately inferred from the model to augment the model in an iterative manner, repeating the procedure until all frequent itemsets can be modeled. The resulting MRF model affords a concise and useful representation of the original collection of itemsets. Extensive empirical study on real datasets show that the new approach can effectively summarize a large number of itemsets and typically significantly outperforms extant approaches.	Summarizing itemset patterns using probabilistic models	NA:NA	2018
Haixun Wang:Jian Yin:Jian Pei:Philip S. Yu:Jeffrey Xu Yu	Mining data streams of changing class distributions is important for real-time business decision support. The stream classifier must evolve to reflect the current class distribution. This poses a serious challenge. On the one hand, relying on historical data may increase the chances of learning obsolete models. On the other hand, learning only from the latest data may lead to biased classifiers, as the latest data is often an unrepresentative sample of the current class distribution. The problem is particularly acute in classifying rare events, when, for example, instances of the rare class do not even show up in the most recent training data. In this paper, we use a stochastic model to describe the concept shifting patterns and formulate this problem as an optimization one: from the historical and the current training data that we have observed, find the most-likely current distribution, and learn a classifier based on the most-likely distribution. We derive an analytic solution and approximate this solution with an efficient algorithm, which calibrates the influence of historical data carefully to create an accurate classifier. We evaluate our algorithm with both synthetic and real-world datasets. Our results show that our algorithm produces accurate and efficient classification.	Suppressing model overfitting in mining concept-drifting data streams	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Steve Wedig:Omid Madani	Query logs, the patterns of activity left by millions of users, contain a wealth of information that can be mined to aid personalization. We perform a large-scale study of Yahoo! search engine logs, tracking 1.35 million browser-cookies over a period of 6 months. We define metrics to address questions such as 1) How much history is available?, 2) How do users' topical interests vary, as reflected by their queries?, and 3) What can we learn from user clicks? We find that there is significantly more expected history for the user of a randomly picked query than for a randomly picked user. We show that users exhibit consistent topical interests that vary between users. We also see that user clicks indicate a variety of special interests. Our findings shed light on user activity and can inform future personalization efforts.	A large-scale analysis of query logs for assessing personalization opportunities	NA:NA	2018
Li Wei:Eamonn Keogh	The problem of time series classification has attracted great interest in the last decade. However current research assumes the existence of large amounts of labeled training data. In reality, such data may be very difficult or expensive to obtain. For example, it may require the time and expertise of cardiologists, space launch technicians, or other domain specialists. As in many other domains, there are often copious amounts of unlabeled data available. For example, the PhysioBank archive contains gigabytes of ECG data. In this work we propose a semi-supervised technique for building time series classifiers. While such algorithms are well known in text domains, we will show that special considerations must be made to make them both efficient and effective for the time series domain. We evaluate our work with a comprehensive set of experiments on diverse data sources including electrocardiograms, handwritten documents, and video datasets. The experimental results demonstrate that our approach requires only a handful of labeled examples to construct accurate classifiers.	Semi-supervised time series classification	NA:NA	2018
Raymond Chi-Wing Wong:Jiuyong Li:Ada Wai-Chee Fu:Ke Wang	Privacy preservation is an important issue in the release of data for mining purposes. The k-anonymity model has been introduced for protecting individual identification. Recent studies show that a more sophisticated model is necessary to protect the association of individuals to sensitive information. In this paper, we propose an (α, k)-anonymity model to protect both identifications and relationships to sensitive information in data. We discuss the properties of (α, k)-anonymity model. We prove that the optimal (α, k)-anonymity problem is NP-hard. We first presentan optimal global-recoding method for the (α, k)-anonymity problem. Next we propose a local-recoding algorithm which is more scalable and result in less data distortion. The effectiveness and efficiency are shown by experiments. We also describe how the model can be extended to more general case.	(α, k)-anonymity: an enhanced k-anonymity model for privacy preserving data publishing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gang Wu:Edward Chang:Yen Kuang Chen:Christoper Hughes	Traditional decomposition-based solutions to Support Vector Machines (SVMs) suffer from the widely-known scalability problem. For example, given a one-million training set, it takes about six days for SVMLight to run on a Pentium-4 sever with 8G-byte memory. In this paper, we propose an incremental algorithm, which performs approximate matrix-factorization operations, to speed up SVMs. Two approximate factorization schemes, Kronecker and incomplete Cholesky, are utilized in the primal-dual interior-point method (IPM) to directly solve the quadratic optimization problem in SVMs. We found out that a coarse approximate algorithm enjoys good speedup performance but may suffer from poor training accuracy. Conversely, a fine-grained approximate algorithm enjoys good training quality but may suffer from long training time. We subsequently propose an incremental training algorithm, which uses the approximate IPM solution of a coarse factorization to initialize the IPM of a fine-grained factorization. Extensive empirical studies show that our proposed incremental algorithm with approximate factorizations substantially speeds up SVM training while maintaining high training accuracy. In addition, we show that our proposed algorithm is highly parallelizable on an Intel dual-coreprocessor.	Incremental approximate matrix factorization for speeding up support vector machines	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mingxi Wu:Christopher Jermaine	An effective approach to detecting anomalous points in a data set
is distance-based outlier detection. This paper describes a simple
sampling algorithm to effciently detect distance-based outliers in
domains where each and every distance computation is very
expensive. Unlike any existing algorithms, the sampling algorithm
requires a xed number of distance computations and can return good
results with accuracy guarantees. The most computationally
expensive aspect of estimating the accuracy of the result is
sorting all of the distances computed by the sampling algorithm.
The experimental study on two expensive domains as well as ten
additional real-life datasets demonstrates both the effciency and
effectiveness of the sampling algorithm in comparison with the
state-of-the-art algorithm and there liability of the accuracy
guarantees.	Outlier detection by sampling with accuracy guarantees	NA:NA	2018
Dong Xin:Xuehua Shen:Qiaozhu Mei:Jiawei Han	In this paper, we study the problem of discovering interesting patterns through user's interactive feedback. We assume a set of candidate patterns (ie, frequent patterns) has already been mined. Our goal is to help a particular user effectively discover interesting patterns according to his specific interest. Without requiring a user to explicitly construct a prior knowledge to measure the interestingness of patterns, we learn the user's prior knowledge from his interactive feedback. We propose two models to represent a user's prior: the log linear model and biased belief model. The former is designed for item-set patterns, whereas the latter is also applicable to sequential and structural patterns. To learn these models, we present a two-stage approach, progressive shrinking and clustering, to select sample patterns for feedback. The experimental results on real and synthetic data sets demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.	Discovering interesting patterns through user's interactive feedback	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hui Xiong:Junjie Wu:Jian Chen	K-means is a widely used partitional clustering method. While there are considerable research efforts to characterize the key features of K-means clustering, further investigation is needed to reveal whether and how the data distributions can have the impact on the performance of K-means clustering. Indeed, in this paper, we revisit the K-means clustering problem by answering three questions. First, how the "true" cluster sizes can make impact on the performance of K-means clustering? Second, is the entropy an algorithm-independent validation measure for K-means clustering? Finally, what is the distribution of the clustering results by K-means? To that end, we first illustrate that K-means tends to generate the clusters with the relatively uniform distribution on the cluster sizes. In addition, we show that the entropy measure, an external clustering validation measure, has the favorite on the clustering algorithms which tend to reduce high variation on the cluster sizes. Finally, our experimental results indicate that K-means tends to produce the clusters in which the variation of the cluster sizes, as measured by the Coefficient of Variation(CV), is in a specific range, approximately from 0.3 to 1.0.	K-means clustering versus validation measures: a data distribution perspective	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jian Xu:Wei Wang:Jian Pei:Xiaoyuan Wang:Baile Shi:Ada Wai-Chee Fu	Privacy becomes a more and more serious concern in applications involving microdata. Recently, efficient anonymization has attracted much research work. Most of the previous methods use global recoding, which maps the domains of the quasi-identifier attributes to generalized or changed values. However, global recoding may not always achieve effective anonymization in terms of discernability and query answering accuracy using the anonymized data. Moreover, anonymized data is often for analysis. As well accepted in many analytical applications, different attributes in a data set may have different utility in the analysis. The utility of attributes has not been considered in the previous methods.In this paper, we study the problem of utility-based anonymization. First, we propose a simple framework to specify utility of attributes. The framework covers both numeric and categorical data. Second, we develop two simple yet efficient heuristic local recoding methods for utility-based anonymization. Our extensive performance study using both real data sets and synthetic data sets shows that our methods outperform the state-of-the-art multidimensional global recoding methods in both discernability and query answering accuracy. Furthermore, our utility-based method can boost the quality of analysis using the anonymized data.	Utility-based anonymization using local recoding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Illhoi Yoo:Xiaohua Hu:Il-Yeol Song	We introduce a novel document clustering approach that overcomes those problems by combining a semantic-based bipartite graph representation and a mutual refinement strategy. The primary contributions of this paper are the following. First, we introduce a new representation of documents using a bipartite graph between documents and co-occurrence concepts in the documents. Second, we show how to enhance clustering quality by applying the mutual refinement strategy to the initial clustering results. Third, through the experiments on MEDLINE documents, we show that our integrated method significantly enhances cluster quality and clustering reliability compared to existing clustering methods. Our approach improves on the average 29.5 cluster quality and 26.3 clustering reliability, in terms of misclassification index, over Bisecting K-means with the best parameters.	Integration of semantic-based bipartite graph representation and mutual refinement strategy for biomedical literature clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhiping Zeng:Jianyong Wang:Lizhu Zhou:George Karypis	Frequent coherent subgraphs can provide valuable knowledge about the underlying internal structure of a graph database, and mining frequently occurring coherent subgraphs from large dense graph databases has been witnessed several applications and received considerable attention in the graph mining community recently. In this paper, we study how to efficiently mine the complete set of coherent closed quasi-cliques from large dense graph databases, which is an especially challenging task due to the downward-closure property no longer holds. By fully exploring some properties of quasi-cliques, we propose several novel optimization techniques, which can prune the unpromising and redundant sub-search spaces effectively. Meanwhile, we devise an efficient closure checking scheme to facilitate the discovery of only closed quasi-cliques. We also develop a coherent closed quasi-clique mining algorithm, <B>Cocain</B>1 Thorough performance study shows that Cocain is very efficient and scalable for large dense graph databases.	Coherent closed quasi-clique discovery from large dense graph databases	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Minghua Zhang:Wynne Hsu:Mong Li Lee	Many real world objects have states that change over time. By tracking the state sequences of these objects, we can study their behavior and take preventive measures before they reach some undesirable states. In this paper, we propose a new kind of pattern called progressive confident rules to describe sequences of states with an increasing confidence that lead to a particular end state. We give a formal definition of progressive confident rules and their concise set. We devise pruning strategies to reduce the enormous search space. Experiment result shows that the proposed algorithm is efficient and scalable. We also demonstrate the application of progressive confident rules in classification.	Mining progressive confident rules	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sheng Zhang:Amit Chakrabarti:James Ford:Fillia Makedon	Recent research has identified significant vulnerabilities in recommender systems. Shilling attacks, in which attackers introduce biased ratings in order to influence future recommendations, have been shown to be effective against collaborative filtering algorithms. We postulate that the distribution of item ratings in time can reveal the presence of a wide range of shilling attacks given reasonable assumptions about their duration. To construct a time series of ratings for an item, we use a window size of k to group consecutive ratings for the item into disjoint windows and compute the sample average and sample entropy in each window. We derive a theoretically optimal window size to best detect an attack event if the number of attack profiles is known. For practical applications where this number is unknown, we propose a heuristic algorithm that adaptively changes the window size. Our experimental results demonstrate that monitoring rating distributions in time series is an effective approach for detecting shilling attacks.	Attack detection in time series for recommender systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shichao Zhang:Feng Chen:Xindong Wu:Chengqi Zhang	A bridging rule in this paper has its antecedent and action from different conceptual clusters. We first design two algorithms for mining bridging rules between clusters in a database, and then propose two non-linear metrics for measuring the interestingness of bridging rules. Bridging rules can be distinct from association rules (or frequent itemsets). This is because (1) bridging rules can be generated by infrequent itemsets that are pruned in association rule mining; and (2) bridging rules are measured by the importance that includes the distance between two conceptual clusters, whereas frequent itemsets are measured by only the support.	Identifying bridging rules between conceptual clusters	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tong Zhang:Alexandrin Popescul:Byron Dom	We present a risk minimization formulation for learning from both text and graph structures which is motivated by the problem of collective inference for hypertext document categorization. The method is based on graph regularization formulated as a well-formed convex optimization problem. We present numerical algorithms for our formulation, and show that such combination of local text features and link information can lead to improved predictive accuracy.	Linear prediction models with graph regularization for web-page categorization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lizhuang Zhao:Mohammed J. Zaki:Naren Ramakrishnan	We introduce a novel framework, called BLOSOM, for mining (frequent) boolean expressions over binary-valued datasets. We organize the space of boolean expressions into four categories: pure conjunctions, pure disjunctions, conjunction of disjunctions, and disjunction of conjunctions. We focus on mining the simplest expressions the minimal generators for each class. We also propose a closure operator for each class that yields closed boolean expressions. BLOSOM efficiently mines frequent boolean expressions by utilizing a number of methodical pruning techniques. Experiments showcase the behavior of BLOSOM, and an application study on a real dataset is also given.	BLOSOM: a framework for mining arbitrary boolean expressions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeff Jonas	Common strategies to liberate an organization's information assets for situational awareness frequently rely on infrastructure components such as data integration, enterprise search, federation, data warehousing, and so on. And while these traditional platforms enable analysts to get better and faster answers to their queries, the next big advance will change this paradigm. Users cannot be expected to formulate and ask every smart question every day. And to escape this impractical and un-scalable model, the new paradigm will involve technologies where "the data finds the data" and "relevance finds the user." Perpetual Analytics describes a class of application whereby enterprise context is assembled, in real-time, on data streams as fast as operational systems record observations. Context construction is a "data finds the data" activity which enables events of interest to be streamed to subscribers. In this talk, I will talk at some depth about the dynamics of such systems including scalability and sustainability.	Introducing perpetual analytics	NA	2018
William Kahn	Capital One is a highly quantitatively driven diversified financial services firm. As such, we make broad and deep use of the entire repertory of highly quantitative techniques. This talk will present our top ten statistical problems. Indeed, one of them has, as a sub point, the data mining dimension, but it will likely be useful for data miners to see how their research needs to complement, and fit into, the entire range of hard statistical issues.	Capital One's statistical problems: our top ten list	NA	2018
Andrew McCallum	Although information extraction and data mining appear together in many applications, their interface in most current systems would better be described as serial juxtaposition than as tight integration. Information extraction populates slots in a database by identifying relevant subsequences of text, but is usually not aware of the emerging patterns and regularities in the database. Data mining methods begin from a populated database, and are often unaware of where the data came from, or its inherent uncertainties. The result is that the accuracy of both suffers, and accurate mining of complex text sources has been beyond reach.In this talk I will describe work in probabilistic models that perform joint inference across multiple components of an information processing pipeline in order to avoid the brittle accumulation of errors. After briefly introducing conditional random fields, I will describe recent work in information extraction leveraging factorial state representations, entity resolution, and transfer learning, as well as scalable methods of inference and learning. I'll close with some recent work on probabilistic models for social network analysis, and a demonstration of Rexa.info, a new research paper search engine.	Information extraction, data mining and joint inference	NA	2018
Michael Cavaretta	Automotive companies, such as Ford Motor Company, have no shortage of large databases with abundant opportunities for cost reduction and revenue enhancement. The Data Mining Group at Ford has worked in the areas of Quality, Customer Satisfaction and Warranty Analytics for close to ten years. In this time, we have developed a number of methods for building systems to help the business. One area of particular success has been in warranty analysis. While traditional hazard analysis has been applied at Ford for a number of years, we have used techniques from other industries (e.g. retail), as well as text mining to view warranty analytics in a new way. However, our success has been tempered by serious challenges particularly in the areas of data understanding, computing meaningful aggregations and implementation. Case studies from the automobile industry (warranty, quality, forecasting, etc.) as well as from other industries will be used.	Data mining challenges in the automotive domain	NA	2018
Jinbo Bi:Senthil Periaswamy:Kazunori Okada:Toshiro Kubota:Glenn Fung:Marcos Salganicoff:R. Bharat Rao	This paper describes a novel classification method for computer aided detection (CAD) that identifies structures of interest from medical images. CAD problems are challenging largely due to the following three characteristics. Typical CAD training data sets are large and extremely unbalanced between positive and negative classes. When searching for descriptive features, researchers often deploy a large set of experimental features, which consequently introduces irrelevant and redundant features. Finally, a CAD system has to satisfy stringent real-time requirements.This work is distinguished by three key contributions. The first is a cascade classification approach which is able to tackle all the above difficulties in a unified framework by employing an asymmetric cascade of sparse classifiers each trained to achieve high detection sensitivity and satisfactory false positive rates. The second is the incorporation of feature computational costs in a linear program formulation that allows the feature selection process to take into account different evaluation costs of various features. The third is a boosting algorithm derived from column generation optimization to effectively solve the proposed cascade linear programs.We apply the proposed approach to the problem of detecting lung nodules from helical multi-slice CT images. Our approach demonstrates superior performance in comparison against support vector machines, linear discriminant analysis and cascade AdaBoost. Especially, the resulting detection system is significantly sped up with our approach.	Computer aided detection via asymmetric cascade of sparse hyperplane classifiers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rebecca Castano:Dominic Mazzoni:Nghia Tang:Ron Greeley:Thomas Doggett:Ben Cichy:Steve Chien:Ashley Davies	Typically, data collected by a spacecraft is downlinked to Earth and preprocessed before any analysis is performed. We have developed classifiers that can be used onboard a spacecraft to identify high priority data for downlink to Earth, providing a method for maximizing the use of a potentially bandwidth limited downlink channel. Onboard analysis can also enable rapid reaction to dynamic events, such as flooding, volcanic eruptions or sea ice break-up.Four classifiers were developed to identify cryosphere events using hyperspectral images. These classifiers include a manually constructed classifier, a Support Vector Machine (SVM), a Decision Tree and a classifier derived by searching over combinations of thresholded band ratios. Each of the classifiers was designed to run in the computationally constrained operating environment of the spacecraft. A set of scenes was hand-labeled to provide training and testing data. Performance results on the test data indicate that the SVM and manual classifiers outperformed the Decision Tree and band-ratio classifiers with the SVM yielding slightly better classifications than the manual classifier.The manual and SVM classifiers have been uploaded to the EO-1 spacecraft and have been running onboard the spacecraft for over a year. Results of the onboard analysis are used by the Autonomous Sciencecraft Experiment (ASE) of NASA's New Millennium Program onboard EO-1 to automatically target the spacecraft to collect follow-on imagery. The software demonstrates the potential for future deep space missions to use onboard decision making to capture short-lived science events.	Onboard classifiers for science event detection on a remote sensing spacecraft	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
George Forman:Evan Kirshenbaum:Jaap Suermondt	We discuss our experiences in analyzing customer-support issues from the unstructured free-text fields of technical-support call logs. The identification of frequent issues and their accurate quantification is essential in order to track aggregate costs broken down by issue type, to appropriately target engineering resources, and to provide the best diagnosis, support and documentation for most common issues. We present a new set of techniques for doing this efficiently on an industrial scale, without requiring manual coding of calls in the call center. Our approach involves (1) a new text clustering method to identify common and emerging issues; (2) a method to rapidly train large numbers of categorizers in a practical, interactive manner; and (3) a method to accurately quantify categories, even in the face of inaccurate classifications and training sets that necessarily cannot match the class distribution of each new month's data. We present our methodology and a tool we developed and deployed that uses these methods for tracking ongoing support issues and discovering emerging issues at HP.	Pragmatic text mining: minimizing human effort to quantify many issues in call logs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Seth Hettich:Michael J. Pazzani	In this paper, we discuss a prototype application deployed at the U.S. National Science Foundation for assisting program directors in identifying reviewers for proposals. The application helps program directors sort proposals into panels and find reviewers for proposals. To accomplish these tasks, it extracts information from the full text of proposals both to learn about the topics of proposals and the expertise of reviewers. We discuss a variety of alternatives that were explored, the solution that was implemented, and the experience in using the solution within the workflow of NSF.	Mining for proposal reviewers: lessons learned at the national science foundation	NA:NA	2018
Chao Liu:Chen Chen:Jiawei Han:Philip S. Yu	Along with the blossom of open source projects comes the convenience for software plagiarism. A company, if less self-disciplined, may be tempted to plagiarize some open source projects for its own products. Although current plagiarism detection tools appear sufficient for academic use, they are nevertheless short for fighting against serious plagiarists. For example, disguises like statement reordering and code insertion can effectively confuse these tools. In this paper, we develop a new plagiarism detection tool, called GPLAG, which detects plagiarism by mining program dependence graphs (PDGs). A PDG is a graphic representation of the data and control dependencies within a procedure. Because PDGs are nearly invariant during plagiarism, GPLAG is more effective than state-of-the-art tools for plagiarism detection. In order to make GPLAG scalable to large programs, a statistical lossy filter is proposed to prune the plagiarism search space. Experiment study shows that GPLAG is both effective and efficient: It detects plagiarism that easily slips over existing tools, and it usually takes a few seconds to find (simulated) plagiarism in programs having thousands of lines of code.	GPLAG: detection of software plagiarism by program dependence graph analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fabian Moerchen:Ingo Mierswa:Alfred Ultsch	Data mining in large collections of polyphonic music has recently received increasing interest by companies along with the advent of commercial online distribution of music. Important applications include the categorization of songs into genres and the recommendation of songs according to musical similarity and the customer's musical preferences. Modeling genre or timbre of polyphonic music is at the core of these tasks and has been recognized as a difficult problem. Many audio features have been proposed, but they do not provide easily understandable descriptions of music. They do not explain why a genre was chosen or in which way one song is similar to another. We present an approach that combines large scale feature generation with meta learning techniques to obtain meaningful features for musical similarity. We perform exhaustive feature generation based on temporal statistics and train regression models to summarize a subset of these features into a single descriptor of a particular notion of music. Using several such models we produce a concise semantic description of each song. Genre classification models based on these semantic features are shown to be better understandable and almost as accurate as traditional methods.	Understandable models Of music collections based on exhaustive feature generation with temporal statistics	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kaidi Zhao:Bing Liu:Jeffrey Benkler:Weimin Xiao	In this paper, we report a deployed data mining application system for Motorola. Originally, its intended use was for identifying causes of cellular phone failures, but it has been found to be useful for many other engineering data sets as well. For this report, the case study is a dataset containing cellular phone call records. This data set is like any dataset used in classification applications, i.e., with a set of attributes which can be continuous or discrete, and a discrete class attribute. In our application, the classes are normally ended calls, calls which failed to setup, and calls which failed while in progress. However, the task is not to predict any failure, but to identify possible causes that resulted in failures. Then, engineering efforts may focus on improvements that can be made to the phones. In the course of the project, various classification techniques, e.g., decision trees, naïve Bayesian classification and SVM were tried. However, the results were unsatisfactory. After several demonstrations and interaction with domain experts, we finally designed and implemented an effective approach to perform the task. The final system is based on class association rules, general impressions and visualization. The system has been deployed and is in regular use at Motorola. In this paper, we first describe our experiences with some existing classification systems and discuss why they are not suitable for the task. We then present our techniques. As an illustration, we show several visualization screens in the case study, which reveal some important knowledge. Due to confidentiality, we will not give specifics but only present a general discussion about the results.	Opportunity map: identifying causes of failure - a deployed data mining system	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eugene Agichtein:Zijian Zheng	The top web search result is crucial for user satisfaction with the web search experience. We argue that the importance of the relevance at the top position necessitates special handling of the top web search result for some queries. We propose an effective approach of leveraging millions of past user interactions with a web search engine to automatically detect "best bet" top results preferred by majority of users. Interestingly, this problem can be more effectively addressed with classification than using state-of-the-art general ranking methods. Furthermore, we show that our general machine learning approach achieves precision comparable to a heavily tuned, domain-specific algorithm, with significantly higher coverage. Our experiments over millions of user interactions for thousands of queries demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of our techniques.	Identifying "best bet" web search results by mining past user behavior	NA:NA	2018
Rich Caruana:Mohamed Elhawary:Art Munson:Mirek Riedewald:Daria Sorokina:Daniel Fink:Wesley M. Hochachka:Steve Kelling	The Cornell Laboratory of Ornithology's mission is to interpret and conserve the earth's biological diversity through research, education, and citizen science focused on birds. Over the years, the Lab has accumulated one of the largest and longest-running collections of environmental data sets in existence. The data sets are not only large, but also have many attributes, contain many missing values, and potentially are very noisy. The ecologists are interested in identifying which features have the strongest effect on the distribution and abundance of bird species as well as describing the forms of these relationships. We show how data mining can be successfully applied, enabling the ecologists to discover unanticipated relationships. We compare a variety of methods for measuring attribute importance with respect to the probability of a bird being observed at a feeder and present initial results for the impact of important attributes on bird prevalence.	Mining citizen science data to predict orevalence of wild bird species	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Julien Etienne:Bernd Wachmann:Lei Zhang	Motivation: In the field of bioinformatics there is an emerging need to integrate all knowledge discovery steps into a standardized modular framework. Indeed, component-based development can significantly enhance reusability and productivity for short timeline projects with a small team. We present Interactive Knowledge Discovery and Data mining (iKDD), an application framework written in Java that was specifically designed for these purposes.Results: iKDD consists of a component-based architecture and a web-based tool for pre-clinical research and prototype development. The platform provides an intuitive and consistent interface to create and maintain components, e.g., data structures, algorithms and utilities to load, save and visualize data and pipelines. The rich-featured tool supplies database connectivity, workflow processing and rapid prototype building. The architecture was carefully designed using an object-oriented approach that respects crucial goals: usability, openness, robustness and functionality, especially in the abstraction and description of the components, which distinguishes it from other packages. iKDD is well-suited to serve as a public repository of components, to run scientific experiments with a high-level of reproducibility, and also to rapidly build prototypes. This paper describes the general architecture, and demonstrates through examples the ease by which a complex scenario implementation can be facilitated with iKDD.	A component-based framework for knowledge discovery in bioinformatics	NA:NA:NA	2018
Byron J. Gao:Obi L. Griffith:Martin Ester:Steven J. M. Jones	Order-preserving submatrixes (OPSMs) have been accepted as a biologically meaningful subspace cluster model, capturing the general tendency of gene expressions across a subset of conditions. In an OPSM, the expression levels of all genes induce the same linear ordering of the conditions. OPSM mining is reducible to a special case of the sequential pattern mining problem, in which a pattern and its supporting sequences uniquely specify an OPSM cluster. Those small twig clusters, specified by long patterns with naturally low support, incur explosive computational costs and would be completely pruned off by most existing methods for massive datasets containing thousands of conditions and hundreds of thousands of genes, which are common in today's gene expression analysis. However, it is in particular interest of biologists to reveal such small groups of genes that are tightly coregulated under many conditions, and some pathways or processes might require only two genes to act in concert. In this paper, we introduce the KiWi mining framework for massive datasets, that exploits two parameters k and w to provide a biased testing on a bounded number of candidates, substantially reducing the search space and problem scale, targeting on highly promising seeds that lead to significant clusters and twig clusters. Extensive biological and computational evaluations on real datasets demonstrate that KiWi can effectively mine biologically meaningful OPSM subspace clusters with good efficiency and scalability.	Discovering significant OPSM subspace clusters in massive gene expression data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Charles X. Ling:Victor S. Sheng:Tilmann Bruckhaus:Nazim H. Madhavji	While most software defects (i.e., bugs) are corrected and tested as part of the lengthy software development cycle, enterprise software vendors often have to release software products before all reported defects are corrected, due to deadlines and limited resources. A small number of these defects will be escalated by customers and they must be resolved immediately by the software vendors at a very high cost. In this paper, we develop an Escalation Prediction (EP) system that mines historic defect report data and predict the escalation risk of the defects for maximum net profit. More specifically, we first describe a simple and general framework to convert the maximum net profit problem to cost-sensitive learning. We then apply and compare several well-known cost-sensitive learning approaches for EP. Our experiments suggest that the cost-sensitive decision tree is the best method for producing the highest positive net profit and comprehensible results. The EP system has been deployed successfully in the product group of an enterprise software vendor.	Maximum profit mining and its application in software development	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ingo Mierswa:Michael Wurst:Ralf Klinkenberg:Martin Scholz:Timm Euler	KDD is a complex and demanding task. While a large number of methods has been established for numerous problems, many challenges remain to be solved. New tasks emerge requiring the development of new methods or processing schemes. Like in software development, the development of such solutions demands for careful analysis, specification, implementation, and testing. Rapid prototyping is an approach which allows crucial design decisions as early as possible. A rapid prototyping system should support maximal re-use and innovative combinations of existing methods, as well as simple and quick integration of new ones.This paper describes Yale, a free open-source environment forKDD and machine learning. Yale provides a rich variety of methods whichallows rapid prototyping for new applications and makes costlyre-implementations unnecessary. Additionally, Yale offers extensive functionality for process evaluation and optimization which is a crucial property for any KDD rapid prototyping tool. Following the paradigm of visual programming eases the design of processing schemes. While the graphical user interface supports interactive design, the underlying XML representation enables automated applications after the prototyping phase.After a discussion of the key concepts of Yale, we illustrate the advantages of rapid prototyping for KDD on case studies ranging from data pre-processing to result visualization. These case studies cover tasks like feature engineering, text mining, data stream mining and tracking drifting concepts, ensemble methods and distributed data mining. This variety of applications is also reflected in a broad user base, we counted more than 40,000 downloads during the last twelve months.	YALE: rapid prototyping for complex data mining tasks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sankar Virdhagriswaran:Gordon Dakin	We describe a data mining system to detect frauds that are camouflaged to look like normal activities in domains with high number of known relationships. Examples include accounting fraud detection for rating and investment, insider attacks on corporate networks, and health care insurance fraud. Our goal is to help analysts who are overwhelmed with information about companies or on-line system access logs or insurance claims to focus their attentions on features that cause damage in the future. We focused on accounting fraud where the task is to detect the subset of companies that were potentially committing accounting fraud within the total population of public companies that file quarterly and annual filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Using (a) Representation of changes, (b) A mix of decision tree learning, locally weighted logistic regression, k-means clustering, and constant regression in a two phase pipe line, we developed models that rank companies based on the probability of forecasting future damaging performance. The learned models were tested extensively over four years with public data available from SEC filings and private data available from rating companies and investment firms. Cross validation experiments and analyst based validation of private experiments were found to show that the approach performed as well as or better than domain experts and discovered new relationships that domain experts did not use on a regular basis. Finally, the detections preceded public knowledge of such problems by six to eighteen months.	Camouflaged fraud detection in domains with complex relationships	NA:NA	2018
Lian Yan:Patrick Baldasare	Classification has been commonly used in many data mining projects in the financial service industry. For instance, to predict collectability of accounts receivable, a binary class label is created based on whether a payment is received within a certain period. However, optimization of the classifier does not necessarily lead to maximization of return on investment (ROI), since maximization of the true positive rate is often different from maximization of the collectable amount which determines the ROI under a fixed budget constraint. The typical cost sensitive learning does not solve this problem either since it involves an unknown opportunity cost due to the budget constraint. Learning the ranks of collectable amount would ultimately solve the problem, but it tries to tackle an unnecessarily difficult problem and often results in poorer results for our specific target. We propose a new algorithm that uses gradient descent to directly optimize the related monetary measure under the budget constraint and thus maximizes the ROI. By comparison with several classification, regression, and ranking algorithms, we demonstrate the new algorithm's substantial improvement of the financial impact on our clients in the financial service industry.	Beyond classification and ranking: constrained optimization of the ROI	NA:NA	2018
Deepak Agarwal:Dhiman Barman:Dimitrios Gunopulos:Neal E. Young:Flip Korn:Divesh Srivastava	Dimension attributes in data warehouses are typically hierarchical (e.g., geographic locations in sales data, URLs in Web traffic logs). OLAP tools are used to summarize the measure attributes (e.g., total sales) along a dimension hierarchy, and to characterize changes (e.g., trends and anomalies) in a hierarchical summary over time. When thenumber of changes identified is large (e.g., total sales in many stores differed from their expected values), a parsimonious explanation of the most significant changes is desirable. In this paper, we propose a natural model of parsimonious explanation, as a composition of node weights along the root-to-leaf paths in a dimension hierarchy, which permits changes to be aggregated with maximal generalization along the dimension hierarchy. We formalize this model of explaining changes in hierarchical summaries and investigate the problem of identifying optimally parsimonious explanations on arbitrary rooted one dimensional tree hierarchies. We show that such explanations can be computed efficiently in time essentially proportional to the number of leaves and the depth of the hierarchy. Further, our method can produce parsimonious explanations from the output of any statistical model that provides predictions and confidence intervals, making it widely applicable. Our experiments use real data sets to demonstrate the utility and robustness of our proposed model for explaining significant changes, as well as its superior parsimony compared to alternatives.	Efficient and effective explanation of change in hierarchical summaries	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Deepak Agarwal:Andrei Zary Broder:Deepayan Chakrabarti:Dejan Diklic:Vanja Josifovski:Mayssam Sayyadian	We consider the problem of estimating occurrence rates of rare eventsfor extremely sparse data, using pre-existing hierarchies to perform inference at multiple resolutions. In particular, we focus on the problem of estimating click rates for (webpage, advertisement) pairs (called impressions) where both the pages and the ads are classified into hierarchies that capture broad contextual information at different levels of granularity. Typically the click rates are low and the coverage of the hierarchies is sparse. To overcome these difficulties we devise a sampling method whereby we analyze aspecially chosen sample of pages in the training set, and then estimate click rates using a two-stage model. The first stage imputes the number of (webpage, ad) pairs at all resolutions of the hierarchy to adjust for the sampling bias. The second stage estimates clickrates at all resolutions after incorporating correlations among sibling nodes through a tree-structured Markov model. Both models are scalable and suited to large scale data mining applications. On a real-world dataset consisting of 1/2 billion impressions, we demonstrate that even with 95% negative (non-clicked) events in the training set, our method can effectively discriminate extremely rare events in terms of their click propensity.	Estimating rates of rare events at multiple resolutions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Deepak Agarwal:Srujana Merugu	We propose a novel statistical method to predict large scale dyadic response variables in the presence of covariate information. Our approach simultaneously incorporates the effect of covariates and estimates local structure that is induced by interactions among the dyads through a discrete latent factor model. The discovered latent factors provide a redictive model that is both accurate and interpretable. We illustrate our method by working in a framework of generalized linear models, which include commonly used regression techniques like linear regression, logistic regression and Poisson regression as special cases. We also provide scalable generalized EM-based algorithms for model fitting using both "hard" and "soft" cluster assignments. We demonstrate the generality and efficacy of our approach through large scale simulation studies and analysis of datasets obtained from certain real-world movie recommendation and internet advertising applications.	Predictive discrete latent factor models for large scale dyadic data	NA:NA	2018
Charu C. Aggarwal:Philip S. Yu	String data has recently become important because of its use in a number of applications such as computational and molecular biology, protein analysis, and market basket data. In many cases, these strings contain a wide variety of substructures which may have physical significance for that application. For example, such substructures could represent important fragments of a DNA string or an interesting portion of a fraudulent transaction. In such a case, it is desirable to determine the identity, location, and extent of that substructure in the data. This is a much more difficult generalization of the classification problem, since the latter problem labels entire strings rather than deal with the more complex task of determining string fragments with a particular kind of behavior. The problem becomes even more complicated when different kinds of substrings show complicated nesting patterns. Therefore, we define a somewhat different problem which we refer to as the generalized classification problem. We propose a scalable approach based on hidden markov models for this problem. We show how to implement the generalized string classification procedure for very large data bases and data streams. We present experimental results over a number of large data sets and data streams.	On string classification in data streams	NA:NA	2018
Charu C. Aggarwal:Na Ta:Jianyong Wang:Jianhua Feng:Mohammed Zaki	XML has become a popular method of data representation both on the web and in databases in recent years. One of the reasons for the popularity of XML has been its ability to encode structural information about data records. However, this structural characteristic of data sets also makes it a challenging problem for a variety of data mining problems. One such problem is that of clustering, in which the structural aspects of the data result in a high implicit dimensionality of the data representation. As a result, it becomes more difficult to cluster the data in a meaningful way. In this paper, we propose an effective clustering algorithm for XML data which uses substructures of the documents in order to gain insights about the important underlying structures. We propose new ways of using multiple sub-structuralinformation in XML documents to evaluate the quality of intermediate cluster solutions, and guide the algorithms to a final solution which reflects the true structural behavior in individual partitions. We test the algorithm on a variety of real and synthetic data sets.	Xproj: a framework for projected structural clustering of xml documents	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nikolay Archak:Anindya Ghose:Panagiotis G. Ipeirotis	The increasing pervasiveness of the Internet has dramatically changed the way that consumers shop for goods. Consumer-generated product reviews have become a valuable source of information for customers, who read the reviews and decide whether to buy the product based on the information provided. In this paper, we use techniques that decompose the reviews into segments that evaluate the individual characteristics of a product (e.g., image quality and battery life for a digital camera). Then, as a major contribution of this paper, we adapt methods from the econometrics literature, specifically the hedonic regression concept, to estimate: (a) the weight that customers place on each individual product feature, (b) the implicit evaluation score that customers assign to each feature, and (c) how these evaluations affect the revenue for a given product. Towards this goal, we develop a novel hybrid technique combining text mining and econometrics that models consumer product reviews as elements in a tensor product of feature and evaluation spaces. We then impute the quantitative impact of consumer reviews on product demand as a linear functional from this tensor product space. We demonstrate how to use a low-dimension approximation of this functional to significantly reduce the number of model parameters, while still providing good experimental results. We evaluate our technique using a data set from Amazon.com consisting of sales data and the related consumer reviews posted over a 15-month period for 242 products. Our experimental evaluation shows that we can extract actionable business intelligence from the data and better understand the customer preferences and actions. We also show that the textual portion of the reviews can improve product sales prediction compared to a baseline technique that simply relies on numeric data.	Show me the money!: deriving the pricing power of product features by mining consumer reviews	NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Arnold:Yan Liu:Naoki Abe	The need for mining causality, beyond mere statistical correlations, for real world problems has been recognized widely. Many of these applications naturally involve temporal data, which raises the challenge of how best to leverage the temporal information for causal modeling. Recently graphical modeling with the concept of "Granger causality", based on the intuition that a cause helps predict its effects in the future, has gained attention in many domains involving time series data analysis. With the surge of interest in model selection methodologies for regression, such as the Lasso, as practical alternatives to solving structural learning of graphical models, the question arises whether and how to combine these two notions into a practically viable approach for temporal causal modeling. In this paper, we examine a host of related algorithms that, loosely speaking, fall under the category of graphical Granger methods, and characterize their relative performance from multiple viewpoints. Our experiments show, for instance, that the Lasso algorithm exhibits consistent gain over the canonical pairwise graphical Granger method. We also characterize conditions under which these variants of graphical Granger methods perform well in comparison to other benchmark methods. Finally, we apply these methods to a real world data set involving key performance indicators of corporations, and present some concrete results.	Temporal causal modeling with graphical granger methods	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ricardo Baeza-Yates:Alessandro Tiberi	In this paper we study a large query log of more than twenty million queries with the goal of extracting the semantic relations that are implicitly captured in the actions of users submitting queries and clicking answers. Previous query log analyses were mostly done with just the queries and not the actions that followed after them. We first propose a novel way to represent queries in a vector space based on a graph derived from the query-click bipartite graph. We then analyze the graph produced by our query log, showing that it is less sparse than previous results suggested, and that almost all the measures of these graphs follow power laws, shedding some light on the searching user behavior as well as on the distribution of topics that people want in the Web. The representation we introduce allows to infer interesting semantic relationships between queries. Second, we provide an experimental analysis on the quality of these relations, showing that most of them are relevant. Finally we sketch an application that detects multitopical URLs.	Extracting semantic relations from query logs	NA:NA	2018
Hila Becker:Marta Arias	In many practical applications, one is interested in generating a ranked list of items using information mined from continuous streams of data. For example, in the context of computer networks, one might want to generate lists of nodes ranked according to their susceptibility to attack. In addition, real-world data streams often exhibit concept drift, making the learning task even more challenging. We present an online learning approach to ranking with concept drift, using weighted majority techniques. By continuously modeling different snapshots of the data and tuning our measure of belief in these models over time, we capture changes in the underlying concept and adapt our predictions accordingly. We measure the performance of our algorithm on real electricity data as well as asynthetic data stream, and demonstrate that our approach to ranking from stream data outperforms previously known batch-learning methods and other online methods that do not account for concept drift.	Real-time ranking with concept drift using expert advice	NA:NA	2018
Robert Bell:Yehuda Koren:Chris Volinsky	The collaborative filtering approach to recommender systems predicts user preferences for products or services by learning past user-item relationships. In this work, we propose novel algorithms for predicting user ratings of items by integrating complementary models that focus on patterns at different scales. At a local scale, we use a neighborhood-based technique that infers ratings from observed ratings by similar users or of similar items. Unlike previous local approaches, our method is based on a formal model that accounts for interactions within the neighborhood, leading to improved estimation quality. At a higher, regional, scale, we use SVD-like matrix factorization for recovering the major structural patterns in the user-item rating matrix. Unlike previous approaches that require imputations in order to fill in the unknown matrix entries, our new iterative algorithm avoids imputation. Because the models involve estimation of millions, or even billions, of parameters, shrinkage of estimated values to account for sampling variability proves crucial to prevent overfitting. Both the local and the regional approaches, and in particular their combination through a unifying model, compare favorably with other approaches and deliver substantially better results than the commercial Netflix Cinematch recommender system on a large publicly available data set.	Modeling relationships at multiple scales to improve accuracy of large recommender systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Deepavali Bhagwat:Kave Eshghi:Pankaj Mehra	We present a document routing and index partitioning scheme for scalable similarity-based search of documents in a large corpus. We consider the case when similarity-based search is performed by finding documents that have features in common with the query document. While it is possible to store all the features of all the documents in one index, this suffers from obvious scalability problems. Our approach is to partition the feature index into multiple smaller partitions that can be hosted on separate servers, enabling scalable and parallel search execution. When a document is ingested into the repository, a small number of partitions are chosen to store the features of the document. To perform similarity-based search, also, only a small number of partitions are queried. Our approach is stateless and incremental. The decision as to which partitions the features of the document should be routed to (for storing at ingestion time, and for similarity based search at query time) is solely based on the features of the document. Our approach scales very well. We show that executing similarity-based searches over such a partitioned search space has minimal impact on the precision and recall of search results, even though every search consults less than 3% of the total number of partitions.	Content-based document routing and index partitioning for scalable similarity-based searches in a large corpus	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wanpracha Art Chaovalitwongse:Ya-Ju Fan:Rajesh C. Sachdeo	In this study, a novel multidimensional time series classification technique, namely support feature machine (SFM), is proposed. SFM is inspired by the optimization model of support vector machine and the nearest neighbor rule to incorporate both spatial and temporal of the multi-dimensional time series data. This paper also describes an application of SFM for detecting abnormal brain activity. Epilepsy is a case in point in this study. In epilepsy studies, electroencephalograms (EEGs), acquired in multidimensional time series format, have been traditionally used as a gold-standard tool for capturing the electrical changes in the brain. From multi-dimensional EEG time series data, SFM was used to identify seizure pre-cursors and detect seizure susceptibility (pre-seizure) periods. The empirical results showed that SFM achieved over 80% correct classification of per-seizure EEG on average in 10 patients using 5-fold cross validation. The proposed optimization model of SFM is very compact and scalable, and can be implemented as an online algorithm. The outcome of this study suggests that it is possible to construct a computerized algorithm used to detect seizure pre-cursors and warn of impending seizures through EEG classification.	Support feature machine for classification of abnormal brain activity	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jianhui Chen:Zheng Zhao:Jieping Ye:Huan Liu	A good distance metric is crucial for many data mining tasks. To learn a metric in the unsupervised setting, most metric learning algorithms project observed data to a low-dimensional manifold, where geometric relationships such as pairwise distances are preserved. It can be extended to the nonlinear case by applying the kernel trick, which embeds the data into a feature space by specifying the kernel function that computes the dot products between data points in the feature space. In this paper, we propose a novel unsupervised Nonlinear Adaptive Metric Learning algorithm, called NAML, which performs clustering and distance metric learning simultaneously. NAML firstmaps the data to a high-dimensional space through a kernel function; then applies a linear projection to find a low-dimensional manifold where the separability of the data is maximized; and finally performs clustering in the low-dimensional space. The performance of NAML depends on the selection of the kernel function and the projection. We show that the joint kernel learning, dimensionality reduction, and clustering can be formulated as a trace maximization problem, which can be solved via an iterative procedure in the EM framework. Experimental results demonstrated the efficacy of the proposed algorithm.	Nonlinear adaptive distance metric learning for clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yixin Chen:Li Tu	Existing data-stream clustering algorithms such as CluStream arebased on k-means. These clustering algorithms are incompetent tofind clusters of arbitrary shapes and cannot handle outliers. Further, they require the knowledge of k and user-specified time window. To address these issues, this paper proposes D-Stream, a framework for clustering stream data using adensity-based approach. The algorithm uses an online component which maps each input data record into a grid and an offline component which computes the grid density and clusters the grids based on the density. The algorithm adopts a density decaying technique to capture the dynamic changes of a data stream. Exploiting the intricate relationships between the decay factor, data density and cluster structure, our algorithm can efficiently and effectively generate and adjust the clusters in real time. Further, a theoretically sound technique is developed to detect and remove sporadic grids mapped to by outliers in order to dramatically improve the space and time efficiency of the system. The technique makes high-speed data stream clustering feasible without degrading the clustering quality. The experimental results show that our algorithm has superior quality and efficiency, can find clusters of arbitrary shapes, and can accurately recognize the evolving behaviors of real-time data streams.	Density-based clustering for real-time stream data	NA:NA	2018
Peter A. Chew:Brett W. Bader:Tamara G. Kolda:Ahmed Abdelali	A standard approach to cross-language information retrieval (CLIR) uses Latent Semantic Analysis (LSA) in conjunction with a multilingual parallel aligned corpus. This approach has been shown to be successful in identifying similar documents across languages - or more precisely, retrieving the most similar document in one language to a query in another language. However, the approach has severe drawbacks when applied to a related task, that of clustering documents "language-independently", so that documents about similar topics end up closest to one another in the semantic space regardless of their language. The problem is that documents are generally more similar to other documents in the same language than they are to documents in a different language, but on the same topic. As a result, when using multilingual LSA, documents will in practice cluster by language, not by topic. We propose a novel application of PARAFAC2 (which is a variant of PARAFAC, a multi-way generalization of the singular value decomposition [SVD]) to overcome this problem. Instead of forming a single multilingual term-by-document matrix which, under LSA, is subjected to SVD, we form an irregular three-way array, each slice of which is a separate term-by-document matrix for a single language in the parallel corpus. The goal is to compute an SVD for each language such that V (the matrix of right singular vectors) is the same across all languages. Effectively, PARAFAC2 imposes the constraint, not present in standard LSA, that the "concepts" in all documents in the parallel corpus are the same regardless of language. Intuitively, this constraint makes sense, since the whole purpose of using a parallel corpus is that exactly the same concepts are expressed in the translations. We tested this approach by comparing the performance of PARAFAC2 with standard LSA in solving a particular CLIR problem. From our results, we conclude that PARAFAC2 offers a very promising alternative to LSA not only for multilingual document clustering, but also for solving other problems in cross-language information retrieval.	Cross-language information retrieval using PARAFAC2	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yun Chi:Xiaodan Song:Dengyong Zhou:Koji Hino:Belle L. Tseng	Evolutionary clustering is an emerging research area essential to important applications such as clustering dynamic Web and blog contents and clustering data streams. In evolutionary clustering, a good clustering result should fit the current data well, while simultaneously not deviate too dramatically from the recent history. To fulfill this dual purpose, a measure of temporal smoothness is integrated in the overall measure of clustering quality. In this paper, we propose two frameworks that incorporate temporal smoothness in evolutionary spectral clustering. For both frameworks, we start with intuitions gained from the well-known k-means clustering problem, and then propose and solve corresponding cost functions for the evolutionary spectral clustering problems. Our solutions to the evolutionary spectral clustering problems provide more stable and consistent clustering results that are less sensitive to short-term noises while at the same time are adaptive to long-term cluster drifts. Furthermore, we demonstrate that our methods provide the optimal solutions to the relaxed versions of the corresponding evolutionary k-means clustering problems. Performance experiments over a number of real and synthetic data sets illustrate our evolutionary spectral clustering methods provide more robust clustering results that are not sensitive to noise and can adapt to data drifts.	Evolutionary spectral clustering by incorporating temporal smoothness	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yun Chi:Shenghuo Zhu:Xiaodan Song:Junichi Tatemura:Belle L. Tseng	The blogosphere has unique structural and temporal properties since blogs are typically used as communication media among human individuals. In this paper, we propose a novel technique that captures the structure and temporal dynamics of blog communities. In our framework, a community is a set of blogs that communicate with each other triggered by some events (such as a news article). The community is represented by its structure and temporal dynamics: a community graph indicates how often one blog communicates with another, and a community intensity indicates the activity level of the community that varies over time. Our method, community factorization, extracts such communities from the blogosphere, where the communication among blogs is observed as a set of subgraphs (i.e., threads of discussion). This community extraction is formulated as a factorization problem in the framework of constrained optimization, in which the objective is to best explain the observed interactions in the blogosphere over time. We further provide a scalable algorithm for computing solutions to the constrained optimization problems. Extensive experimental studies on both synthetic and real blog data demonstrate that our technique is able to discover meaningful communities that are not detectable by traditional methods.	Structural and temporal analysis of the blogosphere through community factorization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sumit Chopra:Trivikraman Thampy:John Leahy:Andrew Caplin:Yann LeCun	In many regression problems, the variable to be predicted depends not only on a sample-specific feature vector, but also on an unknown (latent) manifold that must satisfy known constraints. An example is house prices, which depend on the characteristics of the house, and on the desirability of the neighborhood, which is not directly measurable. The proposed method comprises two trainable components. The first one is a parametric model that predicts the "intrinsic" price of the house from its description. The second one is a smooth, non-parametric model of the latent "desirability" manifold. The predicted price of a house is the product of its intrinsic price and desirability. The two components are trained simultaneously using a deterministic form of the EM algorithm. The model was trained on a large dataset of houses from Los Angeles county. It produces better predictions than pure parametric and non-parametric models. It also produces useful estimates of the desirability surface at each location.	Discovering the hidden structure of house prices with a non-parametric latent manifold model	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Paul Cotofrei:Kilian Stoffel	This article tries to give an answer to a fundamental question intemporal data mining: "Under what conditions a temporal rule extracted from up-to-date temporal data keeps its confidence/support for future data". A possible solution is given by using, on the one hand, a temporal logic formalism which allows the definition of the main notions (event, temporal rule, support, confidence) in a formal way and, on the other hand, the stochastic limit theory. Under this probabilistic temporal framework, the equivalence between the existence of the support of a temporal rule and the law of large numbers is systematically analyzed.	Stochastic processes and temporal data mining	NA:NA	2018
Daniel Wayne Crabtree:Peter Andreae:Xiaoying Gao	Users attempt to express their search goals through web search queries. When a search goal has multiple components or aspects, documents that represent all the aspects are likely to be more relevant than those that only represent some aspects. Current web search engines often produce result sets whose top ranking documents represent only a subset of the query aspects. By expanding the query using the right keywords, the search engine can find documents that represent more query aspects and performance improves. This paper describes AbraQ, an approach for automatically finding the right keywords to expand the query. AbraQ identifies the aspects in the query, identifies which aspects are underrepresented in the result set of the original query, and finally, for any particularly underrepresented aspect, identifies keywords that would enhance that aspect's representation and automatically expands the query using the best one. The paper presents experiments that show AbraQ significantly increases the precision of hard queries, whereas traditional automatic query expansion techniques have not improved precision. AbraQ also compared favourably against a range of interactive query expansion techniques that require user involvement including clustering, web-log analysis, relevance feedback, and pseudo relevance feedback.	Exploiting underrepresented query aspects for automatic query expansion	NA:NA:NA	2018
Aron Culotta:Michael Wick:Robert Hall:Matthew Marzilli:Andrew McCallum	It is becoming increasingly common to construct databases from information automatically culled from many heterogeneous sources. For example, a research publication database can be constructed by automatically extracting titles, authors, and conference information from online papers. A common difficulty in consolidating data from multiple sources is that records are referenced in a variety of ways (e.g. abbreviations, aliases, and misspellings). Therefore, it can be difficult to construct a single, standard representation to present to the user. We refer to the task of constructing this representation as canonicalization. Despite its importance, there is little existing work on canonicalization. In this paper, we explore the use of edit distance measures to construct a canonical representation that is "central" in the sense that it is most similar to each of the disparate records. This approach reduces the impact of noisy records on the canonical representation. Furthermore, because the user may prefer different styles of canonicalization, we show how different edit distance costs can result in different forms of canonicalization. For example, reducing the cost of character deletions can result in representations that favor abbreviated forms over expanded forms (e.g. KDD versus Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining). We describe how to learn these costs from a small amount of manually annotated data using stochastic hill-climbing. Additionally, we investigate feature-based methods to learn ranking preferences over canonicalizations. These approaches can incorporate arbitrary textual evidence to select a canonical record. We evaluate our approach on a real-world publications database and show that our learning method results in a canonicalization solution that is robust to errors and easily customizable to user preferences.	Canonicalization of database records using adaptive similarity measures	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wenyuan Dai:Gui-Rong Xue:Qiang Yang:Yong Yu	In many real world applications, labeled data are in short supply. It often happens that obtaining labeled data in a new domain is expensive and time consuming, while there may be plenty of labeled data from a related but different domain. Traditional machine learning is not able to cope well with learning across different domains. In this paper, we address this problem for a text-mining task, where the labeled data are under one distribution in one domain known as in-domain data, while the unlabeled data are under a related but different domain known as out-of-domain data. Our general goal is to learn from the in-domain and apply the learned knowledge to out-of-domain. We propose a co-clustering based classification (CoCC) algorithm to tackle this problem. Co-clustering is used as a bridge to propagate the class structure and knowledge from the in-domain to the out-of-domain. We present theoretical and empirical analysis to show that our algorithm is able to produce high quality classification results, even when the distributions between the two data are different. The experimental results show that our algorithm greatly improves the classification performance over the traditional learning algorithms.	Co-clustering based classification for out-of-domain documents	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kaustav Das:Jeff Schneider	We consider the problem of detecting anomalies in high aritycategorical datasets. In most applications, anomalies are defined as datapoints that are "abnormal". Quite often we have access to data which consists mostly of normal records, a long with a small percentage of unlabelled anomalous records. We are interested in the problem of unsupervised anomaly detection, where we use the unlabelled data for training, and detect records that do not follow the definition of normality. A standard approach is to create a model of normal data, and compare test records against it. A probabilistic approach builds a likelihood model from the training data. Records are tested for anomalies based on the complete record likelihood given the probability model. For categorical attributes, bayes nets give a standard representation of the likelihood. While this approach is good at finding outliers in the dataset, it often tends to detect records with attribute values that are rare. Sometimes, just detecting rare values of an attribute is not desired and such outliers are not considered as anomalies in that context. We present an alternative definition of anomalies, and propose an approach of comparing against marginal distribution of attribute subsets. We show that this is a more meaningful way of detecting anomalies, and has a better performance over semi-synthetic as well as real world datasets.	Detecting anomalous records in categorical datasets	NA:NA	2018
Anirban Dasgupta:Petros Drineas:Boulos Harb:Vanja Josifovski:Michael W. Mahoney	We consider feature selection for text classification both theoretically and empirically. Our main result is an unsupervised feature selection strategy for which we give worst-case theoretical guarantees on the generalization power of the resultant classification function f with respect to the classification function f obtained when keeping all the features. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first feature selection method with such guarantees. In addition, the analysis leads to insights as to when and why this feature selection strategy will perform well in practice. We then use the TechTC-100, 20-Newsgroups, and Reuters-RCV2 data sets to evaluate empirically the performance of this and two simpler but related feature selection strategies against two commonly-used strategies. Our empirical evaluation shows that the strategy with provable performance guarantees performs well in comparison with other commonly-used feature selection strategies. In addition, it performs better on certain datasets under very aggressive feature selection.	Feature selection methods for text classification	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ian Davidson:S. S. Ravi:Martin Ester	Clustering with constraints is an emerging area of data mining research. However, most work assumes that the constraints are given as one large batch. In this paper we explore the situation where the constraints are incrementally given. In this way the user after seeing a clustering can provide positive and negative feedback via constraints to critique a clustering solution. We consider the problem of efficiently updating a clustering to satisfy the new and old constraints rather than reclustering the entire data set. We show that the problem of incremental clustering under constraints is NP-hard in general, but identify several sufficient conditions which lead to efficiently solvable versions. These translate into a set of rules on the types of constraints thatcan be added and constraint set properties that must be maintained. We demonstrate that this approach is more efficient than re-clustering the entire data set and has several other advantages.	Efficient incremental constrained clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Meghana Deodhar:Joydeep Ghosh	For difficult classification or regression problems, practitioners often segment the data into relatively homogenous groups and then build a model for each group. This two-step procedure usually results in simpler, more interpretable and actionable models without any lossin accuracy. We consider problems such as predicting customer behavior across products, where the independent variables can be naturally partitioned into two groups. A pivoting operation can now result in the dependent variable showing up as entries in a "customer by product" data matrix. We present a model-based co-clustering (meta)-algorithm that interleaves clustering and construction of prediction models to iteratively improve both cluster assignment and fit of the models. This algorithm provably converges to a local minimum of a suitable cost function. The framework not only generalizes co-clustering and collaborative filtering to model-basedco-clustering, but can also be viewed as simultaneous co-segmentation and classification or regression, which is better than independently clustering the data first and then building models. Moreover, it applies to a wide range of bi-modal or multimodal data, and can be easily specialized to address classification and regression problems. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on both these problems through experimentation on real and synthetic data.	A framework for simultaneous co-clustering and learning from complex data	NA:NA	2018
Chris Ding:Horst D. Simon:Rong Jin:Tao Li	Green's function for the Laplace operator represents the propagation of influence of point sources and is the foundation for solving many physics problems. On a graph of pairwise similarities, the Green's function is the inverse of the combinatorial Laplacian; we resolve the zero-mode difficulty by showing its physical origin as the consequence of the Von Neumann boundary condition. We propose to use Green's function to propagate label information for both semi-supervised and unsupervised learning. We also derive this learning framework from the kernel regularization using Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Space theory at strong regularization limit. Green's function provides a well-defined distance metric on a generic weighted graph, either as the effective distance on the network of electric resistors, or the average commute time in random walks. We show that for unsupervised learning this approach is identical to Ratio Cut and Normalized Cut spectral clustering algorithms. Experiments on newsgroups and six UCI datasets illustrate the effectiveness of this approach. Finally, we propose a novel item-based recommender system using Green's function and show its effectiveness.	A learning framework using Green's function and kernel regularization with application to recommender system	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dejing Dou:Gwen Frishkoff:Jiawei Rong:Robert Frank:Allen Malony:Don Tucker	Event-related potentials (ERP) are brain electrophysiological patterns created by averaging electroencephalographic (EEG) data, time-locking to events of interest (e.g., stimulus or response onset). In this paper, we propose a generic framework for mining anddeveloping domain ontologies and apply it to mine brainwave (ERP) ontologies. The concepts and relationships in ERP ontologies can be mined according to the following steps: pattern decomposition, extraction of summary metrics for concept candidates, hierarchical clustering of patterns for classes and class taxonomies, and clustering-based classification and association rules mining for relationships (axioms) of concepts. We have applied this process to several dense-array (128-channel) ERP datasets. Results suggest good correspondence between mined concepts and rules, on the one hand, and patterns and rules that were independently formulated by domain experts, on the other. Data mining results also suggest ways in which expert-defined rules might be refined to improve ontologyrepresentation and classification results. The next goal of our ERP ontology mining framework is to address some long-standing challenges in conducting large-scale comparison and integration of results across ERP paradigms and laboratories. In a more general context, this work illustrates the promise of an interdisciplinary research program, which combines data mining, neuroinformatics andontology engineering to address real-world problems.	Development of NeuroElectroMagnetic ontologies(NEMO): a framework for mining brainwave ontologies	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gregory Druck:Chris Pal:Andrew McCallum:Xiaojin Zhu	We compare two recently proposed frameworks for combining generative and discriminative probabilistic classifiers and apply them to semi-supervised classification. In both cases we explore the tradeoff between maximizing a discriminative likelihood of labeled data and a generative likelihood of labeled and unlabeled data. While prominent semi-supervised learning methods assume low density regions between classes or are subject to generative modeling assumptions, we conjecture that hybrid generative/discriminative methods allow semi-supervised learning in the presence of strongly overlapping classes and reduce the risk of modeling structure in the unlabeled data that is irrelevant for the specific classification task of interest. We apply both hybrid approaches within naively structured Markov random field models and provide a thorough empirical comparison with two well-known semi-supervised learning methods on six text classification tasks. A semi-supervised hybrid generative/discriminative method provides the best accuracy in 75% of the experiments, and the multi-conditional learning hybrid approach achieves the highest overall mean accuracy across all tasks.	Semi-supervised classification with hybrid generative/discriminative methods	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lisa Friedland:David Jensen	We present a family of algorithms to uncover tribes-groups of individuals who share unusual sequences of affiliations. While much work inferring community structure describes large-scale trends, we instead search for small groups of tightly linked individuals who behave anomalously with respect to those trends. We apply the algorithms to a large temporal and relational data set consisting of millions of employment records from the National Association of Securities Dealers. The resulting tribes contain individuals at higher risk for fraud, are homogenous with respect to risk scores, and are geographically mobile, all at significant levels compared to random or to other sets of individuals who share affiliations.	Finding tribes: identifying close-knit individuals from employment patterns	NA:NA	2018
Gabriel Pui Cheong Fung:Jeffrey Xu Yu:Huan Liu:Philip S. Yu	In this paper, an algorithm called Time Driven Documents-partition (TDD) is proposed to construct an event hierarchy in a text corpus based on a given query. Specifically, assume that a query contains only one feature - Election. Election is directly related to the events such as 2006 US Midterm Elections Campaign, 2004 US Presidential Election Campaign and 2004 Taiwan Presidential Election Campaign, where these events may further be divided into several smaller events (e.g. the 2006 US Midterm Elections Campaign can be broken down into events such as campaign for vote, election results and the resignation of Donald H. Rumsfeld). As such, an event hierarchy is resulted. Our proposed algorithm, TDD, tackles the problem by three major steps: (1)Identify the features that are related to the query according to both the timestamps and the contents of the documents. The features identified are regarded as bursty features; (2) Extract the documents that are highly related to the bursty features based on time; (3) Partition the extracted documents to form events and organize them in a hierarchicalstructure. To the best of our knowledge, there is little works targeting for constructing a feature-based event hierarchy for a text corpus. Practically, event hierarchies can assist us to efficiently locate our target information in a text corpus easily. Again, assume that Election is used for a query. Without an event hierarchy, it is very difficult to identify what are the major events related to it, when do these events happened, as well as the features and the news articles that are related to each of these events. We have archived two-year news articles to evaluate the feasibility of TDD. The encouraging results indicated that TDD is practically sound and highly effective.	Time-dependent event hierarchy construction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Byron J. Gao:Martin Ester:Jin-Yi Cai:Oliver Schulte:Hui Xiong	In this paper, we introduce and study the Minimum Consistent Subset Cover (MCSC) problem. Given a finite ground set X and a constraint t, find the minimum number of consistent subsets that cover X, where a subset of X is consistent if it satisfies t. The MCSC problem generalizes the traditional set covering problem and has Minimum Clique Partition, a dual problem of graph coloring, as an instance. Many practical data mining problems in the areas of rule learning, clustering, and frequent pattern mining can be formulated as MCSC instances. In particular, we discuss the Minimum Rule Set problem that minimizes model complexity of decision rules as well as some converse k-clustering problems that minimize the number of clusters satisfying certain distance constraints. We also show how the MCSC problem can find applications in frequent pattern summarization. For any of these MCSC formulations, our proposed novel graph-based generic algorithm CAG can be directly applicable. CAG starts by constructing a maximal optimal partial solution, then performs an example-driven specific-to-general search on a dynamically maintained bipartite assignment graph to simultaneously learn a set of consistent subsets with small cardinality covering the ground set. Our experiments on benchmark datasets show that CAG achieves good results compared to existing popular heuristics.	The minimum consistent subset cover problem and its applications in data mining	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rong Ge:Martin Ester:Wen Jin:Ian Davidson	Clustering methods can be either data-driven or need-driven. Data-driven methods intend to discover the true structure of the underlying data while need-driven methods aims at organizing the true structure to meet certain application requirements. Thus, need-driven (e.g. constrained) clustering is able to find more useful and actionable clusters in applications such as energy aware sensor networks, privacy preservation, and market segmentation. However, the existing methods of constrained clustering require users to provide the number of clusters, which is often unknown in advance, but has a crucial impact on the clustering result. In this paper, we argue that a more natural way to generate actionable clusters is to let the application-specific constraints decide the number of clusters. For this purpose, we introduce a novel cluster model, Constraint-Driven Clustering (CDC), which finds an a priori unspecified number of compact clusters that satisfy all user-provided constraints. Two general types of constraints are considered, i.e. minimum significance constraints and minimum variance constraints, as well as combinations of these two types. We prove the NP-hardness of the CDC problem with different constraints. We propose a novel dynamic data structure, the CD-Tree, which organizes data points in leaf nodes such that each leaf node approximately satisfies the CDC constraints and minimizes the objective function. Based on CD-Trees, we develop an efficient algorithm to solve the new clustering problem. Our experimental evaluation on synthetic and real datasets demonstrates the quality of the generated clusters and the scalability of the algorithm.	Constraint-driven clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fosca Giannotti:Mirco Nanni:Fabio Pinelli:Dino Pedreschi	The increasing pervasiveness of location-acquisition technologies (GPS, GSM networks, etc.) is leading to the collection of large spatio-temporal datasets and to the opportunity of discovering usable knowledge about movement behaviour, which fosters novel applications and services. In this paper, we move towards this direction and develop an extension of the sequential pattern mining paradigm that analyzes the trajectories of moving objects. We introduce trajectory patterns as concise descriptions of frequent behaviours, in terms of both space (i.e., the regions of space visited during movements) and time (i.e., the duration of movements). In this setting, we provide a general formal statement of the novel mining problem and then study several different instantiations of different complexity. The various approaches are then empirically evaluated over real data and synthetic benchmarks, comparing their strengths and weaknesses.	Trajectory pattern mining	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhen Guo:Zhongfei Zhang:Eric Xing:Christos Faloutsos	The problem of multimodal data mining in a multimedia database can be addressed as a structured prediction problem where we learn the mapping from an input to the structured and interdependent output variables. In this paper, built upon the existing literature on the max margin based learning, we develop a new max margin learning approach called Enhanced Max Margin Learning (EMML) framework. In addition, we apply EMML framework to developing an effective and efficient solution to the multimodal data mining problem in a multimedia database. The main contributions include: (1) we have developed a new max margin learning approach - the enhanced max margin learning framework that is much more efficient in learning with a much faster convergence rate, which is verified in empirical evaluations; (2) we have applied this EMML approach to developing an effective and efficient solution to the multimodal data mining problem that is highly scalable in the sense that the query response time is independent of the database scale, allowing facilitating a multimodal data mining querying to a very large scale multimedia database,and excelling many existing multimodal data mining methods in the literature that do not scale up at all; this advantage is also supported through the complexity analysis as well as empirical evaluations against a state-of-the-art multimodal data mining method from the literature. While EMML is a general framework, for the evaluation purpose, we apply it to the Berkeley Drosophila embryo image database, and report the performance comparison with a state-of-the-art multimodal data mining method.	Enhanced max margin learning on multimodal data mining in a multimedia database	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hannes Heikinheimo:Eino Hinkkanen:Heikki Mannila:Taneli Mielikäinen:Jouni K. Seppänen	The discovery of subsets with special properties from binary data hasbeen one of the key themes in pattern discovery. Pattern classes suchas frequent itemsets stress the co-occurrence of the value 1 in the data. While this choice makes sense in the context of sparse binary data, it disregards potentially interesting subsets of attributes that have some other type of dependency structure. We consider the problem of finding all subsets of attributes that have low complexity. The complexity is measured by either the entropy of the projection of the data on the subset, or the entropy of the data for the subset when modeled using a Bayesian tree, with downward or upward pointing edges. We show that the entropy measure on sets has a monotonicity property, and thus a levelwise approach can find all low-entropy itemsets. We also show that the tree-based measures are bounded above by the entropy of the corresponding itemset, allowing similar algorithms to be used for finding low-entropy trees. We describe algorithms for finding all subsets satisfying an entropy condition. We give an extensive empirical evaluation of the performance of the methods both on synthetic and on real data. We also discuss the search for high-entropy subsets and the computation of the Vapnik-Chervonenkis dimension of the data.	Finding low-entropy sets and trees from binary data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Frizo Janssens:Wolfgang Glänzel:Bart De Moor	To unravel the concept structure and dynamics of the bioinformatics field, we analyze a set of 7401 publications from the Web of Science and MEDLINE databases, publication years 1981-2004. For delineating this complex, interdisciplinary field, a novel bibliometric retrieval strategy is used. Given that the performance of unsupervised clustering and classification of scientific publications is significantly improved by deeply merging textual contents with the structure of the citation graph, we proceed with a hybrid clustering method based on Fisher's inverse chi-square. The optimal number of clusters is determined by a compound semiautomatic strategy comprising a combination of distance-based and stability-based methods. We also investigate the relationship between number of Latent Semantic Indexing factors, number of clusters, and clustering performance. The HITS and PageRank algorithms are used to determine representative publications in each cluster. Next, we develop a methodology for dynamic hybrid clustering of evolving bibliographic data sets. The same clustering methodology is applied to consecutive periods defined by time windows on the set, and in a subsequent phase chains are formed by matching and tracking clusters through time. Term networks for the eleven resulting cluster chains present the cognitive structure of the field. Finally, we provide a view on how much attention the bioinformatics community has devoted to the different subfields through time.	Dynamic hybrid clustering of bioinformatics by incorporating text mining and citation analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yookyung Jo:Carl Lagoze:C. Lee Giles	In this paper we address the problem of detecting topics in large-scale linked document collections. Recently, topic detection has become a very active area of research due to its utility for information navigation, trend analysis, and high-level description of data. We present a unique approach that uses the correlation between the distribution of a term that represents a topic and the link distribution in the citation graph where the nodes are limited to the documents containing the term. This tight coupling between term and graph analysis is distinguished from other approaches such as those that focus on language models. We develop a topic score measure for each term, using the likelihood ratio of binary hypotheses based on a probabilistic description of graph connectivity. Our approach is based on the intuition that if a term is relevant to a topic, the documents containing the term have denser connectivity than a random selection of documents. We extend our algorithm to detect a topic represented by a set of terms, using the intuition that if the co-occurrence of terms represents a new topic, the citation pattern should exhibit the synergistic effect. We test our algorithm on two electronic research literature collections,arXiv and Citeseer.Our evaluation shows that the approach is effective and reveals some novel aspects of topic detection.	Detecting research topics via the correlation between graphs and texts	NA:NA:NA	2018
Panagiotis Karras:Dimitris Sacharidis:Nikos Mamoulis	Summarization is an important task in data mining. A major challenge over the past years has been the efficient construction of fixed-space synopses that provide a deterministic quality guarantee, often expressed in terms of a maximum-error metric. Histograms and several hierarchical techniques have been proposed for this problem. However, their time and/or space complexities remain impractically high and depend not only on the data set size n, but also on the space budget B. These handicaps stem from a requirement to tabulate all allocations of synopsis space to different regions of the data. In this paper we develop an alternative methodology that dispels these deficiencies, thanks to a fruitful application of the solution to the dual problem: given a maximum allowed error, determine the minimum-space synopsis that achieves it. Compared to the state-of-the-art, our histogram construction algorithm reduces time complexity by (at least) a Blog2n over logε* factor and our hierarchical synopsis algorithm reduces the complexity by (at least) a factor of log2B over logε* + logn in time and B(1-log B over log n) in space, where ε* is the optimal error. These complexity advantages offer both a space-efficiency and a scalability that previous approaches lacked. We verify the benefits of our approach in practice by experimentation.	Exploiting duality in summarization with deterministic guarantees	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yiping Ke:James Cheng:Wilfred Ng	Correlation mining has gained great success in many application domains for its ability to capture the underlying dependency between objects. However, the research of correlation mining from graph databases is still lacking despite the fact that graph data, especially in various scientific domains, proliferate in recent years. In this paper, we propose a new problem of correlation mining from graph databases, called Correlated Graph Search (CGS). CGS adopts Pearson's correlation coefficient as a correlation measure to take into consideration the occurrence distributions of graphs. However, the problem poses significant challenges, since every subgraph of a graph in the database is a candidate but the number of subgraphs is exponential. We derive two necessary conditions which set bounds on the occurrence probability of a candidate in the database. With this result, we design an efficient algorithm that operates on a much smaller projected database and thus we are able to obtain a significantly smaller set of candidates. To further improve the efficiency, we develop three heuristic rules and apply them on the candidate set to further reduce the search space. Our extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on candidate reduction. The results also justify the efficiency of our algorithm in mining correlations from large real and synthetic datasets.	Correlation search in graph databases	NA:NA:NA	2018
Aleksander Kolcz:Wen-tau Yih	Many important application areas of text classifiers demand high precision andit is common to compare prospective solutions to the performance of Naive Bayes. This baseline is usually easy to improve upon, but in this work we demonstrate that appropriate document representation can make out performing this classifier much more challenging. Most importantly, we provide a link between Naive Bayes and the logarithmic opinion pooling of the mixture-of-experts framework, which dictates a particular type of document length normalization. Motivated by document-specific feature selection we propose monotonic constraints on document term weighting, which is shown as an effective method of fine-tuning document representation. The discussion is supported by experiments using three large email corpora corresponding to the problem of spam detection, where high precision is of particular importance.	Raising the baseline for high-precision text classifiers	NA:NA	2018
Srivatsan Laxman:P. S. Sastry:K. P. Unnikrishnan	Frequent episode discovery is a popular framework for mining data available as a long sequence of events. An episode is essentially a short ordered sequence of event types and the frequency of an episode is some suitable measure of how often the episode occurs in the data sequence. Recently,we proposed a new frequency measure for episodes based on the notion of non-overlapped occurrences of episodes in the event sequence, and showed that, such a definition, in addition to yielding computationally efficient algorithms, has some important theoretical properties in connecting frequent episode discovery with HMM learning. This paper presents some new algorithms for frequent episode discovery under this non-overlapped occurrences-based frequency definition. The algorithms presented here are better (by a factor of N, where N denotes the size of episodes being discovered) in terms of both time and space complexities when compared to existing methods for frequent episode discovery. We show through some simulation experiments, that our algorithms are very efficient. The new algorithms presented here have arguably the least possible orders of spaceand time complexities for the task of frequent episode discovery.	A fast algorithm for finding frequent episodes in event streams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jure Leskovec:Andreas Krause:Carlos Guestrin:Christos Faloutsos:Jeanne VanBriesen:Natalie Glance	Given a water distribution network, where should we place sensors toquickly detect contaminants? Or, which blogs should we read to avoid missing important stories?. These seemingly different problems share common structure: Outbreak detection can be modeled as selecting nodes (sensor locations, blogs) in a network, in order to detect the spreading of a virus or information asquickly as possible. We present a general methodology for near optimal sensor placement in these and related problems. We demonstrate that many realistic outbreak detection objectives (e.g., detection likelihood, population affected) exhibit the property of "submodularity". We exploit submodularity to develop an efficient algorithm that scales to large problems, achieving near optimal placements, while being 700 times faster than a simple greedy algorithm. We also derive online bounds on the quality of the placements obtained by any algorithm. Our algorithms and bounds also handle cases where nodes (sensor locations, blogs) have different costs. We evaluate our approach on several large real-world problems,including a model of a water distribution network from the EPA, andreal blog data. The obtained sensor placements are provably near optimal, providing a constant fraction of the optimal solution. We show that the approach scales, achieving speedups and savings in storage of several orders of magnitude. We also show how the approach leads to deeper insights in both applications, answering multicriteria trade-off, cost-sensitivity and generalization questions.	Cost-effective outbreak detection in networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jinyan Li:Guimei Liu:Limsoon Wong	The support-confidence framework is the most common measure used in itemset mining algorithms, for its antimonotonicity that effectively simplifies the search lattice. This computational convenience brings both quality and statistical flaws to the results as observed by many previous studies. In this paper, we introduce a novel algorithm that produces itemsets with ranked statistical merits under sophisticated test statistics such as chi-square, risk ratio, odds ratio, etc. Our algorithm is based on the concept of equivalence classes. An equivalence class is a set of frequent itemsets that always occur together in the same set of transactions. Therefore, itemsets within an equivalence class all share the same level of statistical significance regardless of the variety of test statistics. As an equivalence class can be uniquely determined and concisely represented by a closed pattern and a set of generators, we just mine closed patterns and generators, taking a simultaneous depth-first search scheme. This parallel approach has not been exploited by any prior work. We evaluate our algorithm on two aspects. In general, we compare to LCM and FPclose which are the best algorithms tailored for mining only closed patterns. In particular, we compare to epMiner which is the most recent algorithm for mining a type of relative risk patterns, known as minimal emerging patterns. Experimental results show that our algorithm is faster than all of them, sometimes even multiple orders of magnitude faster. These statistically ranked patterns and the efficiency have a high potential for real-life applications, especially in biomedical and financial fields where classical test statistics are of dominant interest.	Mining statistically important equivalence classes and delta-discriminative emerging patterns	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ping Li	The method of stable random projections is a useful tool for efficiently computing the lα (0 < α ≤ 2) norms and distances in massive data in one pass. Consider a data matrix A ∈RnxD. If we multiply A with a projection matrix R ΕR Dxk (k« D),whose entries are i.i.d. samples of an α-stable distribution,then the projected matrix B = Ax R Ε R nxkx containsenough information to approximately recover the l α properties in A. We propose very sparse stable random projections, by replacing the α stable distribution with a (much simpler) mixture of a symmetric α Pareto distribution (with probability Β, 0 β Β 1) and a point mass at the origin(with probability 1-Β). This leads to a significant 1 over Β fold speedup for small Β when computing B = AxR and a 1 over Β-fold cost reduction in storing R}. By analyzing the convergence, we show that in"reasonable" datasets Β often can be very small (e.g.,D1/2 without hurting the estimation accuracy. Some numerical evaluations are conducted, on synthetic data, Web crawldata, and gene expression microarray data.	Very sparse stable random projections for dimension reduction in lα (0 <α ≤ 2) norm	NA	2018
Yi Liu:Rong Jin:Anil K. Jain	Data clustering is an important task in many disciplines. A large number of studies have attempted to improve clustering by using the side information that is often encoded as pairwise constraints. However, these studies focus on designing special clustering algorithms that can effectively exploit the pairwise constraints. We present a boosting framework for data clustering,termed as BoostCluster, that is able to iteratively improve the accuracy of any given clustering algorithm by exploiting the pairwise constraints. The key challenge in designing a boosting framework for data clustering is how to influence an arbitrary clustering algorithm with the side information since clustering algorithms by definition are unsupervised. The proposed framework addresses this problem by dynamically generating new data representations at each iteration that are, on the one hand, adapted to the clustering results at previous iterations by the given algorithm, and on the other hand consistent with the given side information. Our empirical study shows that the proposed boosting framework is effective in improving the performance of a number of popular clustering algorithms (K-means, partitional SingleLink, spectral clustering), and its performance is comparable to the state-of-the-art algorithms for data clustering with side information.	BoostCluster: boosting clustering by pairwise constraints	NA:NA:NA	2018
David Lo:Siau-Cheng Khoo:Chao Liu	Studies have shown that program comprehension takes up to 45% of software development costs. Such high costs are caused by the lack-of documented specification and further aggravated by the phenomenon of software evolution. There is a need for automated tools to extract specifications to aid program comprehension. In this paper, a novel technique to efficiently mine common software temporal patterns from traces is proposed. These patterns shed light on program behaviors, and are termed iterative patterns. They capture unique characteristic of software traces, typically not found in arbitrary sequences. Specifically, due to loops, interesting iterative patterns can occur multiple times within a trace. Furthermore, an occurrence of an iterative pattern in a trace can extend across a sequence of indefinite length. Since a program behavior can be manifested in numerous ways, analyzing a single trace will not be sufficient. Iterative pattern mining extends sequential pattern and episode minings to discover frequent iterative patterns which occur repetitively both within a program trace and across multiple traces. In this paper, we present CLIPER (CLosed Iterative Pattern minER) to efficiently mine a closed set of iterative patterns. A performance study on several simulated and real datasets shows the efficiency of our mining algorithm and effectiveness of our pruning strategy. Our case study on JBoss Application Server confirms the usefulness of mined patterns in discovering interesting software behavioral specification.	Efficient mining of iterative patterns for software specification discovery	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bo Long:Zhongfei Mark Zhang:Philip S. Yu	Relational clustering has attracted more and more attention due to its phenomenal impact in various important applications which involve multi-type interrelated data objects, such as Web mining, search marketing, bioinformatics, citation analysis, and epidemiology. In this paper, we propose a probabilistic model for relational clustering, which also provides a principal framework to unify various important clustering tasks including traditional attributes-based clustering, semi-supervised clustering, co-clustering and graph clustering. The proposed model seeks to identify cluster structures for each type of data objects and interaction patterns between different types of objects. Under this model, we propose parametric hard and soft relational clustering algorithms under a large number of exponential family distributions. The algorithms are applicable to relational data of various structures and at the same time unifies a number of stat-of-the-art clustering algorithms: co-clustering algorithms, the k-partite graph clustering, Bregman k-means, and semi-supervised clustering based on hidden Markov random fields.	A probabilistic framework for relational clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Heikki Mannila:Evimaria Terzi	Consider each row of a 0-1 dataset as the subset of the columns for which the row has an 1. Then a dataset is nested, if for all pairs of rows one row is either a superset or subset of the other. The concept of nestedness has its origins in ecology, where approximate versions of it has been used to model the species distribution in different locations. We argue that nestedness and its extensions are interesting properties of datasets, and that they can be applied also to domains other than ecology. We first define natural measures of nestedness and study their properties. We then define the concept of k-nestedness: a dataset is (almost) k-nested if the set of columns can be partitioned to k parts so that each part is (almost) nested. We consider the algorithmic problems of computing how far a dataset is from being k-nested, and for finding a good partition of the columns into k parts. The algorithms are based on spectral partitioning, and scale to moderately large datasets. We apply the methods to real data from ecology and from other applications, and demonstrate the usefulness of the concept.	Nestedness and segmented nestedness	NA:NA	2018
Qiaozhu Mei:Xuehua Shen:ChengXiang Zhai	Multinomial distributions over words are frequently used to model topics in text collections. A common, major challenge in applying all such topic models to any text mining problem is to label a multinomial topic model accurately so that a user can interpret the discovered topic. So far, such labels have been generated manually in a subjective way. In this paper, we propose probabilistic approaches to automatically labeling multinomial topic models in an objective way. We cast this labeling problem as an optimization problem involving minimizing Kullback-Leibler divergence between word distributions and maximizing mutual information between a label and a topic model. Experiments with user study have been done on two text data sets with different genres.The results show that the proposed labeling methods are quite effective to generate labels that are meaningful and useful for interpreting the discovered topic models. Our methods are general and can be applied to labeling topics learned through all kinds of topic models such as PLSA, LDA, and their variations.	Automatic labeling of multinomial topic models	NA:NA:NA	2018
David Mimno:Andrew McCallum	An essential part of an expert-finding task, such as matching reviewers to submitted papers, is the ability to model the expertise of a person based on documents. We evaluate several measures of the association between an author in an existing collection of research papers and a previously unseen document. We compare two language model based approaches with a novel topic model, Author-Persona-Topic (APT). In this model, each author can write under one or more "personas," which are represented as independent distributions over hidden topics. Examples of previous papers written by prospective reviewers are gathered from the Rexa database, which extracts and disambiguates author mentions from documents gathered from the web. We evaluate the models using a reviewer matching task based on human relevance judgments determining how well the expertise of proposed reviewers matches a submission. We find that the APT topic model outperforms the other models.	Expertise modeling for matching papers with reviewers	NA:NA	2018
Flavia Moser:Rong Ge:Martin Ester	In many applications, attribute and relationship data areavailable, carrying complementary information about real world entities. In such cases, a joint analysis of both types of data can yield more accurate results than classical clustering algorithms that either use only attribute data or only relationship (graph) data. The Connected k-Center (CkC) has been proposed as the first joint cluster analysis model to discover k clusters which are cohesive on both attribute and relationship data. However, it is well-known that prior knowledge on the number of clusters is often unavailable in applications such as community dentification and hotspot analysis. In this paper, we introduce and formalize the problem of discovering an a-priori unspecified number of clusters in the context of joint cluster analysis of attribute and relationship data, called Connected X Clusters (CXC) problem. True clusters are assumed to be compact and distinctive from their neighboring clusters in terms of attribute data and internally connected in terms of relationship data. Different from classical attribute-based clustering methods, the neighborhood of clusters is not defined in terms of attribute data but in terms of relationship data. To efficiently solve the CXC problem, we present JointClust, an algorithm which adopts a dynamic two-phase approach. In the first phase, we find so called cluster atoms. We provide a probability analysis for thisphase, which gives us a probabilistic guarantee, that each true cluster is represented by at least one of the initial cluster atoms. In the second phase, these cluster atoms are merged in a bottom-up manner resulting in a dendrogram. The final clustering is determined by our objective function. Our experimental evaluation on several real datasets demonstrates that JointClust indeed discovers meaningful and accurate clusterings without requiring the user to specify the number of clusters.	Joint cluster analysis of attribute and relationship data withouta-priori specification of the number of clusters	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ramesh M. Nallapati:Susan Ditmore:John D. Lafferty:Kin Ung	Modeling the evolution of topics with time is of great value in automatic summarization and analysis of large document collections. In this work, we propose a new probabilistic graphical model to address this issue. The new model, which we call the Multiscale Topic Tomography Model (MTTM), employs non-homogeneous Poisson processes to model generation of word-counts. The evolution of topics is modeled through a multi-scale analysis using Haar wavelets. One of the new features of the model is its modeling the evolution of topics at various time-scales of resolution, allowing the user to zoom in and out of the time-scales. Our experiments on Science data using the new model uncovers some interesting patterns in topics. The new model is also comparable to LDA in predicting unseen data as demonstrated by our perplexity experiments.	Multiscale topic tomography	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Siegfried Nijssen:Elisa Fromont	We present DL8, an exact algorithm for finding a decision tree that optimizes a ranking function under size, depth, accuracy and leaf constraints. Because the discovery of optimal trees has high theoretical complexity, until now few efforts have been made to compute such trees for real-world datasets. An exact algorithm is of both scientific and practical interest. From a scientific point of view, it can be used as a gold standard to evaluate the performance of heuristic constraint-based decision tree learners and to gain new insight in traditional decision tree learners. From the application point of view, it can be used to discover trees that cannot be found by heuristic decision tree learners. The key idea behind our algorithm is that there is a relation between constraints on decision trees and constraints on itemsets. We show that optimal decision trees can be extracted from lattices of itemsets in linear time. We give several strategies to efficiently build these lattices. Experiments show that under the same constraints, DL8 obtains better results than C4.5, which confirms that exhaustive search does not always imply overfitting. The results also show that DL8 is a useful and interesting tool to learn decision trees under constraints.	Mining optimal decision trees from itemset lattices	NA:NA	2018
Gaurav Pandey:Michael Steinbach:Rohit Gupta:Tushar Garg:Vipin Kumar	Protein interaction networks are one of the most promising types of biological data for the discovery of functional modules and the prediction of individual protein functions. However, it is known that these networks are both incomplete and inaccurate, i.e., they have spurious edges and lackbiologically valid edges. One way to handle this problem is by transforming the original interaction graph into new graphs that remove spurious edges, add biologically valid ones, and assign reliability scores to the edges constituting the final network. We investigate currently existing methods, as well as propose a robust association analysis-based method for this task. This method is based on the concept of h-confidence, which is a measure that can be used to extract groups of objects having high similarity with each other. Experimental evaluation on several protein interaction data sets show that hyperclique-based transformations enhance the performance of standard function prediction algorithms significantly, and thus have merit.	Association analysis-based transformations for protein interaction networks: a function prediction case study	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Seung-Taek Park:David M. Pennock	We propose a new ranking method, which combines recommender systems with information search tools for better search and browsing. Our method uses a collaborative filtering algorithm to generate personal item authorities for each user and combines them with item proximities for better ranking. To demonstrate our approach, we build a prototype movie search and browsing engine called MAD6 (Movies, Actors and Directors; 6 degrees of separation). We conduct offline and online tests of our ranking algorithm. For offline testing, we use Yahoo! Search queries that resulted in a click on a Yahoo! Movies or Internet Movie Database (IMDB) movie URL. Our online test involved 44 Yahoo! employees providing subjective assessments of results quality. In both tests, our ranking methods show significantly better recall and quality than IMDB search and Yahoo! Movies current search.	Applying collaborative filtering techniques to movie search for better ranking and browsing	NA:NA	2018
Raymond K. Pon:Alfonso F. Cardenas:David Buttler:Terence Critchlow	We introduce multiple topic tracking (MTT) for iScore to better recommend news articles for users with multiple interests and to address changes in user interests over time. As an extension of the basic Rocchio algorithm, traditional topic detection and tracking, and single-pass clustering, MTT maintains multiple interest profiles to identify interesting articles for a specific user given user-feedback. Focusing on only interesting topics enables iScore to discard useless profiles to address changes in user interests and to achieve a balance between resource consumption and classification accuracy. Also by relating a topic's interestingness to an article.s interestingness, iScore is able to achieve higher quality results than traditional methods such as the Rocchio algorithm. We identify several operating parameters that work well for MTT. Using the same parameters, we show that MTT alone yields high quality results for recommending interesting articles from several corpora. The inclusion of MTT improves iScore's performance by 9% in recommending news articles from the Yahoo! News RSS feeds and the TREC11 adaptive filter article collection. And through a small user study, we show that iScore can still perform well when only provided with little user feedback.	Tracking multiple topics for finding interesting articles	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Filip Radlinski:Thorsten Joachims	We address the task of learning rankings of documents from search enginelogs of user behavior. Previous work on this problem has relied onpassively collected clickthrough data. In contrast, we show that anactive exploration strategy can provide data that leads to much fasterlearning. Specifically, we develop a Bayesian approach for selectingrankings to present users so that interactions result in more informativetraining data. Our results using the TREC-10 Web corpus, as well assynthetic data, demonstrate that a directed exploration strategy quicklyleads to users being presented improved rankings in an online learningsetting. We find that active exploration substantially outperformspassive observation and random exploration.	Active exploration for learning rankings from clickthrough data	NA:NA	2018
Mark Sandler	Mixture models form one of the most widely used classes of generative models for describing structured and clustered data. In this paper we develop a new approach for the analysis of hierarchical mixture models. More specifically, using a text clustering problem as a motivation, we describe a natural generative process that creates a hierarchical mixture model for the data. In this process, an adversary starts with an arbitrary base distribution and then builds a topic hierarchy via some evolutionary process, where he controls the parameters of the process. We prove that under our assumptions, given a subset of topics that represent generalizations of one another (such as baseball → sports → base), for any document which was produced via some topic in this hierarchy, we can efficiently determine the most specialized topic in this subset, it still belongs to. The quality of the classification is independent of the total number of topics in the hierarchy and our algorithm does not need to know the total number of topics in advance. Our approach also yields an algorithm for clustering and unsupervised topical tree reconstruction. We validate our model by showing that properties predicted by our theoretical results carry over to real data. We then apply our clustering algorithm to two different datasets: (i) "20 newsgroups"[19] and (ii) a snapshot of abstracts of arXiv {2} (15 categories, ~240,000 abstracts). In both cases our algorithm performs extremely well.	Hierarchical mixture models: a probabilistic analysis	NA	2018
Issei Sato:Hiroshi Nakagawa	Documents, such as those seen on Wikipedia and Folksonomy, have tended to be assigned with multiple topics as a meta-data.Therefore, it is more and more important to analyze a relationship between a document and topics assigned to the document. In this paper, we proposed a novel probabilistic generative model of documents with multiple topics as a meta-data. By focusing on modeling the generation process of a document with multiple topics, we can extract specific properties of documents with multiple topics.Proposed model is an expansion of an existing probabilistic generative model: Parametric Mixture Model (PMM). PMM models documents with multiple topics by mixing model parameters of each single topic. Since, however, PMM assigns the same mixture ratio to each single topic, PMM cannot take into account the bias of each topic within a document. To deal with this problem, we propose a model that considers Dirichlet distribution as a prior distribution of the mixture ratio.We adopt Variational Bayes Method to infer the bias of each topic within a document. We evaluate the proposed model and PMM using MEDLINE corpus.The results of F-measure, Precision and Recall show that the proposed model is more effective than PMM on multiple-topic classification. Moreover, we indicate the potential of the proposed model that extracts topics and document-specific keywords using information about the assigned topics.	Knowledge discovery of multiple-topic document using parametric mixture model with dirichlet prior	NA:NA	2018
Vincent Schickel-Zuber:Boi Faltings	Ontologies are being successfully used to overcome semanticheterogeneity, and are becoming fundamental elements of the SemanticWeb. Recently, it has also been shown that ontologies can be used tobuild more accurate and more personalized recommendation systems byinferencing missing user's preferences. However, these systemsassume the existence of ontologies, without considering theirconstruction. With product catalogs changing continuously, newtechniques are required in order to build these ontologies in realtime, and autonomously from any expert intervention.This paper focuses on this problem and show that it is possible tolearn ontologies autonomously by using clustering algorithms. Results on the MovieLens and Jester data sets show that recommendersystem with learnt ontologies significantly outperform the classical recommendation approach.	Using hierarchical clustering for learning theontologies used in recommendation systems	NA:NA	2018
D. Sculley	In many data mining applications, online labeling feedback is only available for examples which were predicted to belong to the positive class. Such applications includespam filtering in the case where users never checkemails marked "spam", document retrieval where users cannotgive relevance feedback on unretrieved documents,and online advertising where user behavior cannot beobserved for unshown advertisements. One-sided feedback can cripple the performance of classical mistake-driven online learners such as Perceptron. Previous work under the Apple Tasting framework showed how to transform standard online learners into successful learners from one sided feedback. However, we find in practice that this transformation may request more labels than necessary to achieve strong performance. In this paper,we employ two active learning methods which reduce the number of labels requested in practice. One method is the use of Label Efficient active learning. The other method,somewhat surprisingly, is the use of margin-based learners without modification, which we show combines implicit active learning and a greedy strategy to managing the exploration exploitation tradeoff. Experimental results show that these methods can be significantly more effective in practice than those using the Apple Tasting transformation, even on minority class problems.	Practical learning from one-sided feedback	NA	2018
Benyah Shaparenko:Thorsten Joachims	We now have incrementally-grown databases of text documents ranging back for over a decade in areas ranging from personal email, to news-articles and conference proceedings. While accessing individual documents is easy, methods for overviewing and understanding these collections as a whole are lacking in number and in scope. In this paper, we address one such global analysis task, namely the problem of automatically uncovering how ideas spread through the collection over time. We refer to this problem as Information Genealogy. In contrast to bibliometric methods that are limited to collections with explicit citation structure, we investigate content-based methods requiring only the text and timestamps of the documents. In particular, we propose a language-modeling approach and a likelihood ratio test to detect influence between documents in a statistically well-founded way. Furthermore, we show how this method can be used to infer citation graphs and to identify the most influential documents in the collection. Experiments on the NIPS conference proceedings and the Physics ArXiv show that our method is more effective than methods based on document similarity.	Information genealogy: uncovering the flow of ideas in non-hyperlinked document databases	NA:NA	2018
Shady Shehata:Fakhri Karray:Mohamed Kamel	Most of text categorization techniques are based on word and/or phrase analysis of the text. Statistical analysis of a term frequency captures the importance of the term within a document only. However, two terms can have the same frequency in their documents, but one term contributes moreto the meaning of its sentences than the other term. Thus, the underlying model should indicate terms that capture these mantics of text. In this case, the model can capture terms that present the concepts of the sentence, which leads todiscover the topic of the document. A new concept-based model that analyzes terms on the sentence and document levels rather than the traditional analysis of document only is introduced. The concept-based model can effectively discriminate between non-important terms with respect to sentence semantics and terms which hold the concepts that represent the sentence meaning. The proposed model consists of concept-based statistical analyzer, conceptual ontological graph representation,and concept extractor. The term which contributes to the sentence semantics is assigned two different weights by the concept-based statistical analyzer and the conceptual ontological graph representation. These two weights are combined into a new weight. The concepts that have maximum combined weights are selected by the concept extractor. A set of experiments using the proposed concept-basedmodel on different datasets in text categorization is conducted. The experiments demonstrate the comparison between traditional weighting and the concept-based weighting obtained by the combined approach of the concept-based statistical analyzer and the conceptual ontological graph. The evaluation of results is relied on two quality measures, the Macro-averaged F1 and the Error rate. These quality measures are improved when the newly developedconcept-based model is used to enhance the quality of thetext categorization.	A concept-based model for enhancing text categorization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Victor S. Sheng:Charles X. Ling	It is often expensive to acquire data in real-world data mining applications. Most previous data mining and machine learning research, however, assumes that a fixed set of training examples is given. In this paper, we propose an online cost-sensitive framework that allows a learner to dynamically acquire examples as it learns, and to decide the ideal number of examples needed to minimize the total cost. We also propose a new strategy for Partial Example Acquisition (PAS), in which the learner can acquire examples with a subset of attribute values to reduce the data acquisition cost. Experiments on UCI datasets show that the new PAS strategy is an effective method in reducing the total cost for data acquisition.	Partial example acquisition in cost-sensitive learning	NA:NA	2018
Motoki Shiga:Ichigaku Takigawa:Hiroshi Mamitsuka	We address the issue of clustering numerical vectors with a network. The problem setting is basically equivalent to constrained clustering by Wagstaff and Cardie and semi-supervised clustering by Basu et al., but our focus is more on the optimal combination of two heterogeneous data sources. An application of this setting is web pages which can be numerically vectorized by their contents, e.g. term frequencies, and which are hyperlinked to each other, showing a network. Another typical application is genes whose behavior can be numerically measured and a gene network can be given from another data source.We first define a new graph clustering measure which we call normalized network modularity, by balancing the cluster size of the original modularity. We then propose a new clustering method which integrates the cost of clustering numerical vectors with the cost of maximizing the normalized network modularity into a spectral relaxation problem. Our learning algorithm is based on spectral clustering which makes our issue an eigenvalue problem and uses k-means for final cluster assignments. A significant advantage of our method is that we can optimize the weight parameter for balancing the two costs from the given data by choosing the minimum total cost. We evaluated the performance of our proposed method using a variety of datasets including synthetic data as well as real-world data from molecular biology. Experimental results showed that our method is effective enough to have good results for clustering by numerical vectors and a network.	A spectral clustering approach to optimally combining numericalvectors with a modular network	NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew T. Smith:Charles Elkan	This paper presents approaches to semi-supervised learning when the labeled training data and test data are differently distributed. Specifically, the samples selected for labeling are a biased subset of some general distribution and the test set consists of samples drawn from either that general distribution or the distribution of the unlabeled samples. An example of the former appears in loan application approval, where samples with repay/default labels exist only for approved applicants and the goal is to model the repay/default behavior of all applicants. An example of the latter appears in spam filtering, in which the labeled samples can be out-dated due to the cost of labeling email by hand, but an unlabeled set of up-to-date emails exists and the goal is to build a filter to sort new incoming email.Most approaches to overcoming such bias in the literature rely on the assumption that samples are selected for labeling depending only on the features, not the labels, a case in which provably correct methods exist. The missing labels are said to be "missing at random" (MAR). In real applications, however, the selection bias can be more severe. When the MAR conditional independence assumption is not satisfied and missing labels are said to be "missing not at random" (MNAR), and no learning method is provably always correct.We present a generative classifier, the shifted mixture model (SMM), with separate representations of the distributions of the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples. The SMM makes no conditional independence assumptions and can model distributions of semi-labeled data sets with arbitrary bias in the labeling. We present a learning method based on the expectation maximization (EM) algorithm that, while not always able to overcome arbitrary labeling bias, learns SMMs with higher test-set accuracy in real-world data sets (with MNAR bias) than existing learning methods that are proven to overcome MAR bias.	Making generative classifiers robust to selection bias	NA:NA	2018
Xiuyao Song:Mingxi Wu:Christopher Jermaine:Sanjay Ranka	This paper deals with detecting change of distribution in multi-dimensional data sets. For a given baseline data set and a set of newly observed data points, we define a statistical test called the density test for deciding if the observed data points are sampled from the underlying distribution that produced the baseline data set. We define a test statistic that is strictly distribution-free under the null hypothesis. Our experimental results show that the density test has substantially more power than the two existing methods for multi-dimensional change detection.	Statistical change detection for multi-dimensional data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rohini K. Srihari:Li Xu:Tushar Saxena	This paper focuses on detecting how concepts are linked across multiple textdocuments by generating an evidence trail explaining the connection. A traditional search involving, for example, two or more person names willattempt to find documents mentioning both of these individuals. This researchfocuses on a different interpretation of such a query: what is the best evidencetrail across documents that explains a connection between these individuals? For example, allmay be good golfers. A generalization ofthis task involves query terms representing general concepts (e.g. indictment,foreign policy). Such queries reflect a special case oftext mining. Previous attempts to solve this problem have focused on graphapproaches involving hyperlinked documents, and link analysis tools exploiting named entities. A new robust framework is presented, based on (i) generating concept chain graphs, a hybrid content representation, (ii) performing graph matching to select candidate subgraphs, and (iii) subsequently using graphical models to validate hypotheses using ranked evidence trails. We adapt the DUC data set for cross-document summarization to evaluate evidence trails generated by this approach.	Use of ranked cross document evidence trails for hypothesis generation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jimeng Sun:Christos Faloutsos:Spiros Papadimitriou:Philip S. Yu	How can we find communities in dynamic networks of socialinteractions, such as who calls whom, who emails whom, or who sells to whom? How can we spot discontinuity time-points in such streams of graphs, in an on-line, any-time fashion? We propose GraphScope, that addresses both problems, using information theoretic principles. Contrary to the majority of earlier methods, it needs no user-defined parameters. Moreover, it is designed to operate on large graphs, in a streaming fashion. We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our GraphScope on real datasets from several diverse domains. In all cases it produces meaningful time-evolving patterns that agree with human intuition.	GraphScope: parameter-free mining of large time-evolving graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gaurav Tandon:Philip K. Chan	For intrusion detection, the LERAD algorithm learns a succinct set of comprehensible rules for detecting anomalies, which could be novel attacks. LERAD validates the learned rules on a separate held-out validation set and removes rules that cause false alarms. However, removing rules with possible high coverage can lead to missed detections. We propose to retain these rules and associate weights to them. We present three weighting schemes and our empirical results indicate that, for LERAD, rule weighting can detect more attacks than pruning with minimal computational overhead.	Weighting versus pruning in rule validation for detecting network and host anomalies	NA:NA	2018
Wei Tang:Hui Xiong:Shi Zhong:Jie Wu	Semi-supervised clustering employs limited supervision in the form of labeled instances or pairwise instance constraints to aid unsupervised clustering and often significantly improves the clustering performance. Despite the vast amount of expert knowledge spent on this problem, most existing work is not designed for handling high-dimensional sparse data. This paper thus fills this crucial void by developing a Semi-supervised Clustering method based on spheRical K-mEans via fEature projectioN (SCREEN). Specifically, we formulate the problem of constraint-guided feature projection, which can be nicely integrated with semi-supervised clustering algorithms and has the ability to effectively reduce data dimension. Indeed, our experimental results on several real-world data sets show that the SCREEN method can effectively deal with high-dimensional data and provides an appealing clustering performance.	Enhancing semi-supervised clustering: a feature projection perspective	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chayant Tantipathananandh:Tanya Berger-Wolf:David Kempe	We propose frameworks and algorithms for identifying communities in social networks that change over time. Communities are intuitively characterized as "unusually densely knit" subsets of a social network. This notion becomes more problematic if the social interactions change over time. Aggregating social networks over time can radically misrepresent the existing and changing community structure. Instead, we propose an optimization-based approach for modeling dynamic community structure. We prove that finding the most explanatory community structure is NP-hard and APX-hard, and propose algorithms based on dynamic programming, exhaustive search, maximum matching, and greedy heuristics. We demonstrate empirically that the heuristics trace developments of community structure accurately for several synthetic and real-world examples.	A framework for community identification in dynamic social networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Choon Hui Teo:Alex Smola:S. V.N. Vishwanathan:Quoc Viet Le	A wide variety of machine learning problems can be described as minimizing a regularized risk functional, with different algorithms using different notions of risk and different regularizers. Examples include linear Support Vector Machines (SVMs), Logistic Regression, Conditional Random Fields (CRFs), and Lasso amongst others. This paper describes the theory and implementation of a highly scalable and modular convex solver which solves all these estimation problems. It can be parallelized on a cluster of workstations, allows for data-locality, and can deal with regularizers such as l1 and l2 penalties. At present, our solver implements 20 different estimation problems, can be easily extended, scales to millions of observations, and is up to 10 times faster than specialized solvers for many applications. The open source code is freely available as part of the ELEFANT toolbox.	A scalable modular convex solver for regularized risk minimization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hanghang Tong:Christos Faloutsos:Brian Gallagher:Tina Eliassi-Rad	We focus on large graphs where nodes have attributes, such as a social network where the nodes are labelled with each person's job title. In such a setting, we want to find subgraphs that match a user query pattern. For example, a "star" query would be, "find a CEO who has strong interactions with a Manager, a Lawyer,and an Accountant, or another structure as close to that as possible". Similarly, a "loop" query could help spot a money laundering ring. Traditional SQL-based methods, as well as more recent graph indexing methods, will return no answer when an exact match does not exist. This is the first main feature of our method. It can find exact-, as well as near-matches, and it will present them to the user in our proposed "goodness" order. For example, our method tolerates indirect paths between, say, the "CEO" and the "Accountant" of the above sample query, when direct paths don't exist. Its second feature is scalability. In general, if the query has nq nodes and the data graph has n nodes, the problem needs polynomial time complexity O(n n q), which is prohibitive. Our G-Ray ("Graph X-Ray") method finds high-quality subgraphs in time linear on the size of the data graph. Experimental results on the DLBP author-publication graph (with 356K nodes and 1.9M edges) illustrate both the effectiveness and scalability of our approach. The results agree with our intuition, and the speed is excellent. It takes 4 seconds on average fora 4-node query on the DBLP graph.	Fast best-effort pattern matching in large attributed graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hanghang Tong:Christos Faloutsos:Yehuda Koren	In this paper we study asymmetric proximity measures on directed graphs, which quantify the relationships between two nodes or two groups of nodes. The measures are useful in several graph mining tasks, including clustering, link prediction and connection subgraph discovery. Our proximity measure is based on the conceptof escape probability. This way, we strive to summarize the multiple facets of nodes-proximity, while avoiding some of the pitfalls to which alternative proximity measures are susceptible. A unique feature of the measures is accounting for the underlying directional information. We put a special emphasis on computational efficiency, and develop fast solutions that are applicable in several settings. Our experimental study shows the usefulness of our proposed direction-aware proximity method for several applications, and that our algorithms achieve a significant speedup (up to 50,000x) over straight forward implementations.	Fast direction-aware proximity for graph mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
David S. Vogel:Ognian Asparouhov:Tobias Scheffer	Most decision tree algorithms base their splitting decisions on a piecewise constant model. Often these splitting algorithms are extrapolated to trees with non-constant models at the leaf nodes. The motivation behind Look-ahead Linear Regression Trees (LLRT) is that out of all the methods proposed to date, there has been no scalable approach to exhaustively evaluate all possible models in the leaf nodes in order to obtain an optimal split. Using several optimizations, LLRT is able to generate and evaluate thousands of linear regression models per second. This allows for a near-exhaustive evaluation of all possible splits in a node, based on the quality of fit of linear regression models in the resulting branches. We decompose the calculation of the Residual Sum of Squares in such a way that a large part of it is pre-computed. The resulting method is highly scalable. We observe it to obtain high predictive accuracy for problems with strong mutual dependencies between attributes. We report on experiments with two simulated and seven real data sets.	Scalable look-ahead linear regression trees	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jilles Vreeken:Matthijs van Leeuwen:Arno Siebes	Characterising the differences between two databases is an often occurring problem in Data Mining. Detection of change over time is a prime example, comparing databases from two branches is another one. The key problem is to discover the patterns that describe the difference. Emerging patterns provide only a partial answer to this question. In previous work, we showed that the data distribution can be captured in a pattern-based model using compression [12]. Here, we extend this approach to define a generic dissimilarity measure on databases. Moreover, we show that this approach can identify those patterns that characterise the differences between two distributions. Experimental results show that our method provides a well-founded way to independently measure database dissimilarity that allows for thorough inspection of the actual differences. This illustrates the use of our approach in real world data mining.	Characterising the difference	NA:NA:NA	2018
Li Wan:Wee Keong Ng:Shuguo Han:Vincent C. S. Lee	Gradient descent is a widely used paradigm for solving many optimization problems. Stochastic gradient descent performs a series of iterations to minimize a target function in order to reach a local minimum. In machine learning or data mining, this function corresponds to a decision model that is to be discovered. The gradient descent paradigm underlies many commonly used techniques in data mining and machine learning, such as neural networks, Bayesian networks, genetic algorithms, and simulated annealing. To the best of our knowledge, there has not been any work that extends the notion of privacy preservation or secure multi-party computation to gradient-descent-based techniques. In this paper, we propose a preliminary approach to enable privacy preservation in gradient descent methods in general and demonstrate its feasibility in specific gradient descent methods.	Privacy-preservation for gradient descent methods	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xuanhui Wang:ChengXiang Zhai:Xiao Hu:Richard Sproat	Previous work on text mining has almost exclusively focused on a single stream. However, we often have available multiple text streams indexed by the same set of time points (called coordinated text streams), which offer new opportunities for text mining. For example, when a major event happens, all the news articles published by different agencies in different languages tend to cover the same event for a certain period, exhibiting a correlated bursty topic pattern in all the news article streams. In general, mining correlated bursty topic patterns from coordinated text streams can reveal interesting latent associations or events behind these streams. In this paper, we define and study this novel text mining problem. We propose a general probabilistic algorithm which can effectively discover correlated bursty patterns and their bursty periods across text streams even if the streams have completely different vocabularies (e.g., English vs Chinese). Evaluation of the proposed method on a news data set and a literature data set shows that it can effectively discover quite meaningful topic patterns from both data sets: the patterns discovered from the news data set accurately reveal the major common events covered in the two streams of news articles (in English and Chinese, respectively), while the patterns discovered from two database publication streams match well with the major research paradigm shifts in database research. Since the proposed method is general and does not require the streams to share vocabulary, it can be applied to any coordinated text streams to discover correlated topic patterns that burst in multiple streams in the same period.	Mining correlated bursty topic patterns from coordinated text streams	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xuerui Wang:Chris Pal:Andrew McCallum	We present a class of richly structured, undirected hidden variable models suitable for simultaneously modeling text along with other attributes encoded in different modalities. Our model generalizes techniques such as principal component analysis to heterogeneous data types. In contrast to other approaches, this framework allows modalities such as words, authors and timestamps to be captured in their natural, probabilistic encodings. A latent space representation for a previously unseen document can be obtained through a fast matrix multiplication using our method. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework on the task of author prediction from 13 years of the NIPS conference proceedings and for a recipient prediction task using a 10-month academic email archive of a researcher. Our approach should be more broadly applicable to many real-world applications where one wishes to efficiently make predictions for a large number of potential outputs using dimensionality reduction in a well defined probabilistic framework.	Generalized component analysis for text with heterogeneous attributes	NA:NA:NA	2018
Raymond Chi-Wing Wong:Jian Pei:Ada Wai-Chee Fu:Ke Wang	The importance of dominance and skyline analysis has been well recognized in multi-criteria decision making applications. Most previous studies assume a fixed order on the attributes. In practice, different customers may have different preferences on nominal attributes. In this paper, we identify an interesting data mining problem, finding favorable facets, which has not been studied before. Given a set of points in a multidimensional space, for a specific target point p we want to discover with respect to which combinations of orders (e.g., customer preferences) on the nominal attributes p is not dominated by any other points. Such combinations are called the favorable facets of p. We consider both the effectiveness and the efficiency of the mining. A given point may have many favorable facets. We propose the notion of minimal disqualifying condition (MDC) which is effective in summarizing favorable facets. We develop efficient algorithms for favorable facet mining for different application scenarios. The first method computes favorable facets on the fly. The second method pre-computes all minimal disqualifying conditions so that the favorable facets can be looked up in constant time. An extensive performance study using both synthetic and real data sets is reported to verify their effectiveness and efficiency.	Mining favorable facets	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Junjie Wu:Hui Xiong:Peng Wu:Jian Chen	Given its importance, the problem of predicting rare classes in large-scale multi-labeled data sets has attracted great attentions in the literature. However, the rare-class problem remains a critical challenge, because there is no natural way developed for handling imbalanced class distributions. This paper thus fills this crucial void by developing a method for Classification using lOcal clusterinG (COG). Specifically, for a data set with an imbalanced class distribution, we perform clustering within each large class and produce sub-classes with relatively balanced sizes. Then, we apply traditional supervised learning algorithms, such as Support Vector Machines (SVMs), for classification. Indeed, our experimental results on various real-world data sets show that our method produces significantly higher prediction accuracies on rare classes than state-of-the-art methods. Furthermore, we show that COG can also improve the performance of traditional supervised learning algorithms on data sets with balanced class distributions.	Local decomposition for rare class analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaowei Xu:Nurcan Yuruk:Zhidan Feng:Thomas A. J. Schweiger	Network clustering (or graph partitioning) is an important task for the discovery of underlying structures in networks. Many algorithms find clusters by maximizing the number of intra-cluster edges. While such algorithms find useful and interesting structures, they tend to fail to identify and isolate two kinds of vertices that play special roles - vertices that bridge clusters (hubs) and vertices that are marginally connected to clusters (outliers). Identifying hubs is useful for applications such as viral marketing and epidemiology since hubs are responsible for spreading ideas or disease. In contrast, outliers have little or no influence, and may be isolated as noise in the data. In this paper, we proposed a novel algorithm called SCAN (Structural Clustering Algorithm for Networks), which detects clusters, hubs and outliers in networks. It clusters vertices based on a structural similarity measure. The algorithm is fast and efficient, visiting each vertex only once. An empirical evaluation of the method using both synthetic and real datasets demonstrates superior performance over other methods such as the modularity-based algorithms.	SCAN: a structural clustering algorithm for networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rong Yan:Jelena Tesic:John R. Smith	Typical approaches to the multi-label classification problem require learning an independent classifier for every label from all the examples and features. This can become a computational bottleneck for sizeable datasets with a large label space. In this paper, we propose an efficient and effective multi-label learning algorithm called model-shared subspace boosting (MSSBoost) as an attempt to reduce the information redundancy in the learning process. This algorithm automatically finds, shares and combines a number of base models across multiple labels, where each model is learned from random feature subspace and boots trap data samples. The decision functions for each label are jointly estimated and thus a small number of shared subspace models can support the entire label space. Our experimental results on both synthetic data and real multimedia collections have demonstrated that the proposed algorithm can achieve better classification performance than the non-ensemble baselineclassifiers with a significant speedup in the learning and prediction processes. It can also use a smaller number of base models to achieve the same classification performance as its non-model-shared counterpart.	Model-shared subspace boosting for multi-label classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dragomir Yankov:Eamonn Keogh:Jose Medina:Bill Chiu:Victor Zordan	Time series motifs are approximately repeated patterns foundwithin the data. Such motifs have utility for many data mining algorithms, including rule-discovery,novelty-detection, summarization and clustering. Since the formalization of the problem and the introduction of efficient linear time algorithms, motif discovery has been successfully applied tomany domains, including medicine, motion capture, robotics and meteorology. In this work we show that most previous applications of time series motifs have been severely limited by the definition's brittleness to even slight changes of uniform scaling, the speed at which the patterns develop. We introduce a new algorithm that allows discovery of time series motifs with invariance to uniform scaling, and show that it produces objectively superior results in several important domains. Apart from being more general than all other motifdiscovery algorithms, a further contribution of our work isthat it is simpler than previous approaches, in particular we have drastically reduced the number of parameters that need to be specified.	Detecting time series motifs under uniform scaling	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jieping Ye:Shuiwang Ji:Jianhui Chen	The kernel function plays a central role in kernel methods. In this paper, we consider the automated learning of the kernel matrix over a convex combination of pre-specified kernel matrices in Regularized Kernel Discriminant Analysis (RKDA), which performs lineardiscriminant analysis in the feature space via the kernel trick. Previous studies have shown that this kernel learning problem can be formulated as a semidefinite program (SDP), which is however computationally expensive, even with the recent advances in interior point methods. Based on the equivalence relationship between RKDA and least square problems in the binary-class case, we propose a Quadratically Constrained Quadratic Programming (QCQP) formulation for the kernel learning problem, which can be solved more efficiently than SDP. While most existing work on kernel learning deal with binary-class problems only, we show that our QCQP formulation can be extended naturally to the multi-class case. Experimental results on both binary-class and multi-class benchmarkdata sets show the efficacy of the proposed QCQP formulations.	Learning the kernel matrix in discriminant analysis via quadratically constrained quadratic programming	NA:NA:NA	2018
Junsong Yuan:Ying Wu:Ming Yang	Data mining techniques that are successful in transaction and text data may not be simply applied to image data that contain high-dimensional features and have spatial structures. It is not a trivial task to discover meaningful visual patterns in image databases, because the content variations and spatial dependency in the visual data greatly challenge most existing methods. This paper presents a novel approach to coping with these difficulties for mining meaningful visual patterns. Specifically, the novelty of this work lies in the following new contributions: (1) a principled solution to the discovery of meaningful itemsets based on frequent itemset mining; (2) a self-supervised clustering scheme of the high-dimensional visual features by feeding back discovered patterns to tune the similarity measure through metric learning; and (3) a pattern summarization method that deals with the measurement noises brought by the image data. The experimental results in the real images show that our method can discover semantically meaningful patterns efficiently and effectively.	From frequent itemsets to semantically meaningful visual patterns	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xian Zhang:Yu Hao:Xiaoyan Zhu:Ming Li:David R. Cheriton	We provide three key missing pieces of a general theory of information distance [3, 23, 24]. We take bold steps in formulating a revised theory to avoid some pitfalls in practical applications. The new theory is then used to construct a question answering system. Extensive experiments are conducted to justify the new theory.	Information distance from a question to an answer	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongkun Zhao:Weiyi Meng:Clement Yu	Metasearch engine, Comparison-shopping and Deep Web crawling applications need to extract search result records enwrapped in result pages returned from search engines in response to user queries. The search result records from a given search engine are usually formatted based on a template. Precisely identifying this template can greatly help extract and annotate the data units within each record correctly. In this paper, we propose a graph model to represent record template and develop a domain independent statistical method to automatically mine the record template for any search engine using sample search result records. Our approach can identify both template tags (HTML tags) and template texts (non-tag texts), and it also explicitly addresses the mismatches between the tag structures and the data structures of search result records. Our experimental results indicate that this approach is very effective.	Mining templates from search result records of search engines	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuyi Zheng:Ruihua Song:Ji-Rong Wen:Di Wu	Many websites have large collections of pages generated dynamically from an underlying structured source like a database. The data of a category are typically encoded into similar pages by a common script or template. In recent years, some value-added services, such as comparison shopping and vertical search in a specific domain, have motivated the research of extraction technologies with high accuracy. Almost all previous works assume that input pages of a wrapper induction system conform to a common template and they can be easily identified in terms of a common schema of URL. However, we observed that it is hard to distinguish different templates using dynamic URLs today. Moreover, since extraction accuracy heavily depends on how consistent input pages are, we argue that it is risky to determine whether pages share a common template solely based on URLs. Instead, we propose a new approach that utilizes similarity between pages to detect templates. Our approach separates pages with notable inner differences and then generates wrappers, respectively. Experimental results show that our proposed approach is feasible and effective for improving extraction accuracy.	Joint optimization of wrapper generation and template detection	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jun Zhu:Bo Zhang:Zaiqing Nie:Ji-Rong Wen:Hsiao-Wuen Hon	Recent work has shown the effectiveness of leveraging layout and tag-tree structure for segmenting webpages and labeling HTML elements. However, how to effectively segment and label the text contents inside HTML elements is still an open problem. Since many text contents on a webpage are often text fragments and not strictly grammatical, traditional natural language processing techniques, that typically expect grammatical sentences, are no longer directly applicable. In this paper, we examine how to use layout and tag-tree structure in a principled way to help understand text contents on webpages. We propose to segment and label the page structure and the text content of a webpage in a joint discriminative probabilistic model. In this model, semantic labels of page structure can be leveraged to help text content understanding, and semantic labels ofthe text phrases can be used in page structure understanding tasks such as data record detection. Thus, integration of both page structure and text content understanding leads to an integrated solution of webpage understanding. Experimental results on research homepage extraction show the feasibility and promise of our approach.	Webpage understanding: an integrated approach	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chris Anderson	An analytical framework for using powerlaw theory to estimate market size for niche products and consumer groups.	Calculating latent demand in the long tail	NA	2018
Usama M. Fayyad	This is an abstract of the Invited Keynote Presentation to be presented at KDD-07. As the Internet continues to change the way we live, find information, communicate, and do business, it has also been taking on a dramatically increasing role in marketing and advertising. Unlike any prior mass medium, the Internet is a unique medium when it comes to interactivity and offers an ability to target and program messaging at the individual level. Coupled with its uniqueness in the richness of the data that is available for measurability, in the variety of ways to utilize the data, and in the great dependence of effective marketing on applications that are heavily data-driven, makes data mining and statistical data analysis, modeling, and reporting an essential mission-critical part of running the on-line business. However, because of its novelty and the scale of data sets involved, few companies have figured out how to properly make use of this data. In this talk, I will review some of the challenges and opportunities in the utilization of data to drive this new generation of marketing systems. I will provide several examples of how data is utilized in critical ways to drive some of these capabilities. The discussion will be framed with the More general framework of Grand Challenges for data mining: pragmatic and technical. I will conclude this presentation witha consideration of the larger issues surrounding the Internet as a technology that is ubiquitous in our lives, yet one where very little is understood, at the scientific level, in defining and understanding many of the basics the Internet enables: Community, Personalization, and the new Microeconomics of the web. This leads to an overview of the new Yahoo! Research organization and its aims: inventing the new sciences underlying what we do on the Internet, focusing on areas that have received little attention in the traditional academic circles. Some illustrative examples will be reviewed to make the ultimate goals more concrete.	From mining the web to inventing the new sciences underlying the internet	NA	2018
Sitaram Asur:Srinivasan Parthasarathy:Duygu Ucar	Interaction graphs are ubiquitous in many fields such as bioinformatics, sociology and physical sciences. There have been many studies in the literature targeted at studying and mining these graphs. However, almost all of them have studied these graphs from a static point of view. The study of the evolution of these graphs over time can provide tremendous insight on the behavior of entities, communities and the flow of information among them. In this work, we present an event-based characterization of critical behavioral patterns for temporally varying interaction graphs. We use non-overlapping snapshots of interaction graphs and develop a framework for capturing and identifying interesting events from them. We use these events to characterize complex behavioral patterns of individuals and communities over time. We demonstrate the application of behavioral patterns for the purposes of modeling evolution, link prediction and influence maximization. Finally, we present a diffusion model for evolving networks, based on our framework.	An event-based framework for characterizing the evolutionary behavior of interaction graphs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rebecca Castano:Kiri L. Wagstaff:Steve Chien:Timothy M. Stough:Benyang Tang	Analyzing data on-board a spacecraft as it is collected enables several advanced spacecraft capabilities, such as prioritizing observations to make the best use of limited bandwidth and reacting to dynamic events as they happen. In this paper, we describe how we addressed the unique challenges associated with on-board mining of data as it is collected: uncalibrated data, noisy observations, and severe limitations on computational and memory resources. The goal of this effort, which falls into the emerging application area of spacecraft-based data mining, was to study three specific science phenomena on Mars. Following previous work that used a linear support vector machine (SVM) on-board the Earth Observing 1 (EO-1)spacecraft, we developed three data mining techniques for use on-board the Mars Odyssey spacecraft. These methods range from simple thresholding to state-of-the-art reduced-set SVM technology. We tested these algorithms on archived data in a flight software testbed. We also describe a significant, serendipitous science discovery of this data mining effort: the confirmation of a water ice annulus around the north polar cap of Mars. We conclude with a discussion on lessons learned in developing algorithms for use on-board a spacecraft.	On-board analysis of uncalibrated data for a spacecraft at mars	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeffrey Davitz:Jiye Yu:Sugato Basu:David Gutelius:Alexandra Harris	The growth of Web 2.0 and fundamental theoretical breakthroughs have led to an avalanche of interest in social networks. This paper focuses on the problem of modeling how social networks accomplish tasks through peer production style collaboration. We propose a general interaction model for the underlying social networks and then a specific model (iLink for social search and message routing. A key contribution here is the development of a general learning framework for making such online peer production systems work at scale. The iLink model has been used to develop a system for FAQ generation in a social network (FAQtory), and experience with its application in the context of a full-scale learning-driven workflow application (CALO) is reported. We also discuss methods of adapting iLink technology for use in military knowledge sharing portals and other message routing systems. Finally, the paper shows the connection of iLink to SQM, a theoretical model for social search that is a generalization of Markov Decision Processes and the popular Pagerank model.	iLink: search and routing in social networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Fast:Lisa Friedland:Marc Maier:Brian Taylor:David Jensen:Henry G. Goldberg:John Komoroske	Commercial datasets are often large, relational, and dynamic. They contain many records of people, places, things, events and their interactions over time. Such datasets are rarely structured appropriately for knowledge discovery, and they often contain variables whose meanings change across different subsets of the data. We describe how these challenges were addressed in a collaborative analysis project undertaken by the University of Massachusetts Amherst and the National Association of Securities Dealers(NASD). We describe several methods for data pre-processing that we applied to transform a large, dynamic, and relational dataset describing nearly the entirety of the U.S. securities industry, and we show how these methods made the dataset suitable for learning statistical relational models. To better utilize social structure, we first applied known consolidation and link formation techniques to associate individuals with branch office locations. In addition, we developed an innovative technique to infer professional associations by exploiting dynamic employment histories. Finally, we applied normalization techniques to create a suitable class label that adjusts for spatial, temporal, and other heterogeneity within the data. We show how these pre-processing techniques combine to provide the necessary foundation for learning high-performing statistical models of fraudulent activity.	Relational data pre-processing techniques for improved securities fraud detection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ming Hua:Jian Pei	In some applications such as filling in a customer information form on the web, some missing values may not be explicitly represented as such, but instead appear as potentially valid data values. Such missing values are known as disguised missing data, which may impair the quality of data analysis severely, such as causing significant biases and misleading results in hypothesis tests, correlation analysis and regressions. The very limited previous studies on cleaning disguised missing data use outlier mining and distribution anomaly detection. They highly rely on domain background knowledge in specific applications and may not work well for the cases where the disguise values are inliers. To tackle the problem of cleaning disguised missing data, in this paper, we first model the distribution of disguised missing data, and propose the embedded unbiased sample heuristic. Then, we develop an effective and efficient method to identify the frequently used disguise values which capture the major body of the disguised missing data. Our method does not require any domain background knowledge to find the suspicious disguise values. We report an empirical evaluation using real data sets, which shows that our method is effective - the frequently used disguise values found by our method match the values identified by the domain experts nicely. Our method is also efficient and scalable for processing large data sets.	Cleaning disguised missing data: a heuristic approach	NA:NA	2018
Ron Kohavi:Randal M. Henne:Dan Sommerfield	The web provides an unprecedented opportunity to evaluate ideas quickly using controlled experiments, also called randomized experiments (single factor or factorial designs), A/B tests (and their generalizations), split tests, Control/Treatment tests, and parallel flights. Controlled experiments embody the best scientific design for establishing a causal relationship between changes and their influence on user-observable behavior. We provide a practical guide to conducting online experiments, where end-users can help guide the development of features. Our experience indicates that significant learning and return-on-investment (ROI) are seen when development teams listen to their customers, not to the Highest Paid Person's Opinion (HiPPO). We provide several examples of controlled experiments with surprising results. We review the important ingredients of running controlled experiments, and discuss their limitations (both technical and organizational). We focus on several areas that are critical to experimentation, including statistical power, sample size, and techniques for variance reduction. We describe common architectures for experimentation systems and analyze their advantages and disadvantages. We evaluate randomization and hashing techniques, which we show are not as simple in practice as is often assumed. Controlled experiments typically generate large amounts of data, which can be analyzed using data mining techniques to gain deeper understanding of the factors influencing the outcome of interest, leading to new hypotheses and creating a virtuous cycle of improvements. Organizations that embrace controlled experiments with clear evaluation criteria can evolve their systems with automated optimizations and real-time analyses. Based on our extensive practical experience with multiple systems and organizations, we share key lessons that will help practitioners in running trustworthy controlled experiments.	Practical guide to controlled experiments on the web: listen to your customers not to the hippo	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ping Luo:Hui Xiong:Kevin Lü:Zhongzhi Shi	This work studies the problem of distributed classification in peer-to-peer(P2P) networks. While there has been a significant amount of work in distributed classification, most of existing algorithms are not designed for P2P networks. Indeed, as server-less and router-less systems, P2P networks impose several challenges for distributed classification: (1) it is not practical to have global synchronization in large-scale P2P networks; (2)there are frequent topology changes caused by frequent failure and recovery of peers; and (3) there are frequent on-the-fly data updates on each peer. In this paper, we propose an ensemble paradigm for distributed classification in P2P networks. Under this paradigm, each peer builds its local classifiers on the local data and the results from all local classifiers are then combined by plurality voting. To build local classifiers, we adopt the learning algorithm of pasting bites to generate multiple local classifierson each peer based on the local data. To combine local results, we propose a general form of Distributed Plurality Voting (DPV) protocol in dynamic P2P networks. This protocol keeps the single-site validity for dynamic networks, and supports the computing modes of both one-shot query and continuous monitoring. We theoretically prove that the condition (BOB CHECK THIS 'C')ω0 for sending messages used in DPV0 is locally communication-optimal to achieve the above properties. Finally, experimental results on real-world P2P networks show that: (1) the proposed ensemble paradigm is effective even if there are thousands of local classifiers; (2) in most cases, the DPV0 algorithm is local in the sense that voting is processed using information gathered from a very small vicinity, whose size is independent of the network size; (3) DPV0 is significantly more communication-efficient than existing algorithms for distributed plurality voting.	Distributed classification in peer-to-peer networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Claudia Perlich:Saharon Rosset:Richard D. Lawrence:Bianca Zadrozny	In this paper we discuss the important practical problem of customer wallet estimation, i.e., estimation of potential spending by customers(rather than their expected spending). For this purpose we utilize quantile modeling, whose goal is to estimate a quantile of the discriminative conditional distribution of the response, rather than the mean, which is the implicit goal of most standard regression approaches. We argue that a notion of wallet can be captured through high quantile modeling (e.g, estimating the 90th percentile), and describe a wallet estimation implementation within IBM's Market Alignment Program (MAP). We also discuss the wide range of domains where high-quantile modeling can be practically important: estimating opportunities in sales and marketing domains, defining 'surprising' patterns for outlier and fraud detection and more. We survey some existing approaches for quantile modeling, and propose adaptations of nearest-neighbor and regression-tree approaches to quantile modeling. We demonstrate the various models' performance in high quantile estimation in several domains, including our motivating problem of estimating the 'realistic' IT wallets of IBM customers.	High-quantile modeling for customer wallet estimation and other applications	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jun Hua Zhao:Zhao Yang Dong:Pei Zhang	Following the recent devastating blackouts in North America, UK and Italy, blackout prevention has attracted significant attention, though it is known as a notoriously difficult task. To prevent the blackout, it is essential to accurately predict the instable status of power network components. In the large-scale power network however, existing analysis tools fail to perform accurate and in-time prediction of component instability, because of the sophisticated structure of real-world power networks and the huge amount of system variables to be analyzed. To prevent the blackout, we need an accurate and efficient method that (a) can discover interesting features and patterns relevant to the blackout, from the highly complex structure and ten thousands of system variables of a power network, and (b) can give accurate and fast prediction of system instability whenever required, so that the network operator can take necessary actions in time. In this paper, we report our tool developed for power network instability prediction. The proposed method consists of two major stages. In the first stage,a novel type of patterns namely Local Correlation Network Pattern (LCNP) is mined from the structure and system variables of the power network. Correlation rules, which are useful for the network operator to locate potentially instable components, can be further generated from the LCNP. In the second stage, a kernel based network classification method is developed to predict the system instability. By testing on a real world power network (the New England system), we demonstrate that the proposed tool is effective in predicting system instability and thus highly useful for blackout prevention.	Mining complex power networks for blackout prevention	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shubin Zhao:Jonathan Betz	The web contains lots of interesting factual information about entities, such as celebrities, movies or products. This paper describes a robust bootstrapping approach to corroborate facts and learn more facts simultaneously. This approach starts with retrieving relevant pages from a crawl repository for each entity in the seed set. In each learning cycle, known facts of an entity are corroborated first in a relevant page to find fact mentions. When fact mentions are found, they are taken as examples for learning new facts from the page via HTML pattern discovery. Extracted new facts are added to the known fact set for the next learning cycle. The bootstrapping process continues until no new facts can be learned. This approach is language-independent. It demonstrated good performance in experiment on country facts. Results of a large scale experiment will also be shown with initial facts imported from wikipedia.	Corroborate and learn facts from the web	NA:NA	2018
Guangyu Zhu:Timothy J. Bethea:Vikas Krishna	Expense reimbursement is a time-consuming and labor-intensive process across organizations. In this paper, we present a prototype expense reimbursement system that dramatically reduces the elapsed time and costs involved, by eliminating paper from the process life cycle. Our complete solution involves (1) an electronic submission infrastructure that provides multi- channel image capture, secure transport and centralized storage of paper documents; (2) an unconstrained data mining approach to extracting relevant named entities from un-structured document images; (3) automation of auditing procedures that enables automatic expense validation with minimum human interaction. Extracting relevant named entities robustly from document images with unconstrained layouts and diverse formatting is a fundamental technical challenge to image-based data mining, question answering, and other information retrieval tasks. In many applications that require such capability, applying traditional language modeling techniques to the stream of OCR text does not give satisfactory result due to the absence of linguistic context. We present an approach for extracting relevant named entities from document images by combining rich page layout features in the image space with language content in the OCR text using a discriminative conditional random field (CRF) framework. We integrate this named entity extraction engine into our expense reimbursement solution and evaluate the system performance on large collections of real-world receipt images provided by IBM World Wide Reimbursement Center.	Extracting relevant named entities for automated expense reimbursement	NA:NA:NA	2018
Charu C. Aggarwal	In recent years, the proliferation of VOIP data has created a number of applications in which it is desirable to perform quick online classification and recognition of massive voice streams. Typically such applications are encountered in real time intelligence and surveillance. In many cases, the data streams can be in compressed format, and the rate of data processing can often run at the rate of Gigabits per second. All known techniques for speaker voice analysis require the use of an offline training phase in which the system is trained with known segments of speech. The state-of-the-art method for text-independent speaker recognition is known as Gaussian Mixture Modeling (GMM), and it requires an iterative Expectation Maximization Procedure for training, which cannot be implemented in real time. In this paper, we discuss the details of such an online voice recognition system. For this purpose, we use our micro-clustering algorithms to design concise signatures of the target speakers. One of the surprising and insightful observations from our experiences with such a system is that while it was originally designed only for efficiency, we later discovered that it was also more accurate than the widely used Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM). This was because of the conciseness of the micro-cluster model, which made it less prone to over training. This is evidence of the fact that it is often possible to get the best of both worlds and do better than complex models both from an efficiency and accuracy perspective.	A framework for classification and segmentation of massive audio data streams	NA	2018
Chris Curry:Robert L. Grossman:David Locke:Steve Vejcik:Joseph Bugajski	An important problem in data mining is detecting changes in large datasets. Although there are a variety of change detection algorithms that have been developed, in practice it can be a problem to scale these algorithms to large data sets due to the heterogeneity of the data. In this paper, we describe a case study involving payment card data in which we built and monitored a separate change detection model for each cell in a multi-dimensional data cube. We describe a system that has been in operation for the past two years that builds and monitors over 15,000 separate baseline models and the process that isused for generating and investigating alerts using these baselines.	Detecting changes in large data sets of payment card data: a case study	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rong Pan:Junhui Zhao:Vincent Wenchen Zheng:Jeffrey Junfeng Pan:Dou Shen:Sinno Jialin Pan:Qiang Yang	Accurate localization of mobile objects is a major research problem in sensor networks and an important data mining application. Specifically, the localization problem is to determine the location of a client device accurately given the radio signal strength values received at the client device from multiple beacon sensors or access points. Conventional data mining and machine learning methods can be applied to solve this problem. However, all of them require large amounts of labeled training data, which can be quite expensive. In this paper, we propose a probabilistic semi supervised learning approach to reduce the calibration effort and increase the tracking accuracy. Our method is based on semi-supervised conditional random fields which can enhance the learned model from a small set of training data with abundant unlabeled data effectively. To make our method more efficient, we exploit a Generalized EM algorithm coupled with domain constraints. We validate our method through extensive experiments in a real sensor network using Crossbow MICA2 sensors. The results demonstrate the advantages of methods compared to other state-of-the-art object-tracking algorithms.	Domain-constrained semi-supervised mining of tracking models in sensor networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wei Peng:Charles Perng:Tao Li:Haixun Wang	In system management applications, an overwhelming amount of data are generated and collected in the form of temporal events. While mining temporal event data to discover interesting and frequent patterns has obtained rapidly increasing research efforts, users of the applications are overwhelmed by the mining results. The extracted patterns are generally of large volume and hard to interpret, they may be of no emphasis, intricate and meaningless to non-experts, even to domain experts. While traditional research efforts focus on finding interesting patterns, in this paper, we take a novel approach called event summarization towards the understanding of the seemingly chaotic temporal data. Event summarization aims at providing a concise interpretation of the seemingly chaotic data, so that domain experts may take actions upon the summarized models. Event summarization decomposes the temporal information into many independent subsets and finds well fitted models to describe each subset.	Event summarization for system management	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
R. Bharat Rao:Jinbo Bi:Glenn Fung:Marcos Salganicoff:Nancy Obuchowski:David Naidich	We present LungCAD, a computer aided diagnosis (CAD) system that employs a classification algorithm for detecting solid pulmonary nodules from CT thorax studies. We briefly describe some of the machine learning techniques developed to overcome the real world challenges in this medical domain. The most significant hurdle in transitioning from a machine learning research prototype that performs well on an in-house dataset into a clinically deployable system, is the requirement that the CAD system be tested in a clinical trial. We describe the clinical trial in which LungCAD was tested: a large scale multi-reader, multi-case (MRMC) retrospective observational study to evaluate the effect of CAD in clinical practice for detecting solid pulmonary nodules from CT thorax studies. The clinical trial demonstrates that every radiologist that participated in the trial had a significantly greater accuracy with LungCAD, both for detecting nodules and identifying potentially actionable nodules; this, along with other findings from the trial, has resulted in FDA approval for LungCAD in late 2006.	LungCAD: a clinically approved, machine learning system for lung cancer detection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Robert J. Yan:Charles X. Ling	In this paper, we propose a new method called Prototype Ranking (PR) designed for the stock selection problem. PR takes into account the huge size of real-world stock data and applies a modified competitive learning technique to predict the ranks of stocks. The primary target of PR is to select the top performing stocks among many ordinary stocks. PR is designed to perform the learning and testing in a noisy stocks sample set where the top performing stocks are usually the minority. The performance of PR is evaluated by a trading simulation of the real stock data. Each week the stocks with the highest predicted ranks are chosen to construct a portfolio. In the period of 1978-2004, PR's portfolio earns a much higher average return as well as a higher risk-adjusted return than Cooper's method, which shows that the PR method leads to a clear profit improvement.	Machine learning for stock selection	NA:NA	2018
Yanfang Ye:Dingding Wang:Tao Li:Dongyi Ye	The proliferation of malware has presented a serious threat to the security of computer systems. Traditional signature-based anti-virus systems fail to detect polymorphic and new, previously unseen malicious executables. In this paper, resting on the analysis of Windows API execution sequences called by PE files, we develop the Intelligent Malware Detection System (IMDS) using Objective-Oriented Association (OOA) mining based classification. IMDS is an integrated system consisting of three major modules: PE parser, OOA rule generator, and rule based classifier. An OOA_Fast_FP-Growth algorithm is adapted to efficiently generate OOA rules for classification. A comprehensive experimental study on a large collection of PE files obtained from the anti-virus laboratory of King-Soft Corporation is performed to compare various malware detection approaches. Promising experimental results demonstrate that the accuracy and efficiency of our IMDS system out perform popular anti-virus software such as Norton AntiVirus and McAfee VirusScan, as well as previous data mining based detection systems which employed Naive Bayes, Support Vector Machine (SVM) and Decision Tree techniques.	IMDS: intelligent malware detection system	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaoxin Yin:Jiawei Han:Philip S. Yu	The world-wide web has become the most important information source for most of us. Unfortunately, there is no guarantee for the correctness of information on the web. Moreover, different web sites often provide conflicting information on a subject, such as different specifications for the same product. In this paper we propose a new problem called Veracity, i.e., conformity to truth, which studies how to find true facts from a large amount of conflicting information on many subjects that is provided by various web sites. We design a general framework for the Veracity problem, and invent an algorithm called TruthFinder, which utilizes the relationships between web sites and their information, i.e., a web site is trustworthy if it provides many pieces of true information, and a piece of information is likely to be true if it is provided by many trustworthy web sites. Our experiments show that TruthFinder successfully finds true facts among conflicting information, and identifies trustworthy web sites better than the popular search engines.	Truth discovery with multiple conflicting information providers on the web	NA:NA:NA	2018
Srinivasan Parthasarathy	Since the 1989 workshop on knowledge discovery in databases, the field has seen sustained growth and interest and has attained significant maturity. The main objectives of this panel will be to reflect on the successes and failures in the field of data mining over the last eighteen years and to examine what insights we can take with us as we move forward.	Data mining at the crossroads: successes, failures and learning from them	NA	2018
Jon M. Kleinberg	The profileration of rich social media, on-line communities, and collectively produced knowledge resources has accelerated the convergence of technological and social networks, producing environments that reflect both the architecture of the underlying information systems and the social structure on their members. In studying the consequences of these developments, we are faced with the opportunity to analyze social network data at unprecedented levels of scale and temporal resolution; this has led to a growing body of research at the intersection of the computing and social sciences. We discuss some of the current challenges in the analysis of large-scale social network data, focusing on two themes in particular: the inference of social processes from data, and the problem of maintaining individual privacy in studies of social networks. While early research on this type of data focused on structural questions, recent work has extended this to consider the social processes that unfold within the networks. Particular lines of investigation have focused on processes in on-line social systems related to communication [1, 22], community formation [2, 8, 16, 23], information-seeking and collective problem-solving [20, 21, 18], marketing [12, 19, 24, 28], the spread of news [3, 17], and the dynamics of popularity [29]. There are a number of fundamental issues, however, for which we have relatively little understanding, including the extent to which the outcomes of these types of social processes are predictable from their early stages (see e.g. [29]), the differences between properties of individuals and properties of aggregate populations in these types of data, and the extent to which similar social phenomena in different domains have uniform underlying explanations. The second theme we pursue is concerned with the problem of privacy. While much of the research on large-scale social systems has been carried out on data that is public, some of the richest emerging sources of social interaction data come from settings such as e-mail, instant messaging, or phone communication in which users have strong expectations of privacy. How can such data be made available to researchers while protecting the privacy of the individuals represented in the data? Many of the standard approaches here are variations on the principle of anonymization - the names of individuals are replaced with meaningless unique identifiers, so that the network structure is maintained while private information has been suppressed. In recent joint work with Lars Backstrom and Cynthia Dwork, we have identified some fundamental limitations on the power of network anonymization to ensure privacy [7]. In particular, we describe a family of attacks such that even from a single anonymized copy of a social network, it is possible for an adversary to learn whether edges exist or not between specific targeted pairs of nodes. The attacks are based on the uniqueness of small random subgraphs embedded in an arbitrary network, using ideas related to those found in arguments from Ramsey theory [6, 14]. Combined with other recent examples of privacy breaches in data containing rich textual or time-series information [9, 26, 27, 30], these results suggest that anonymization contains pitfalls even in very simple settings. In this way, our approach can be seen as a step toward understanding how techniques of privacy-preserving data mining (see e.g. [4, 5, 10, 11, 13, 15, 25] and the references therein) can inform how we think about the protection of eventhe most skeletal social network data.	Challenges in mining social network data: processes, privacy, and paradoxes	NA	2018
Ying Li:Dou Shen:Arun C. Surendran	NA	First International Workshop on Data Mining and Audience Intelligence for Advertising	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bing Liu:James Bennett:Charles Elkan:Padhraic Smyth:Domonkos Tikk	NA	KDD Cup and Workshop 2007	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Philips Yu:Chengqi Zhang:Graham Williams:Longbing Cao	NA	2007 International Workshop on Domain Driven Data Mining	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Auroop R. Ganguly:Joao Gama:Olufemi A. Omitaomu:Mohamed Medhat Gaber:Ranga Raju Vatsavai	NA	First International Workshop on Knowledge Discovery from Sensor Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lee Giles:Andrew McCallum:Bamshad Mobasher:Olfa Nasraoui:Myra Spiliopoulou:Jaideep Srivastava:John Yen:Haizheng Zhang	NA	The Joint Ninth WEBKDD and 1st SNA-KDD Workshop on Web Mining and Social Network Analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Francesco Bonchi:Elena Ferrari:Bradley Malin:Yucel Saygin	NA	First ACM SIGKDD International Workshop on Privacy, Security, and Trust in KDD	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
K. Selcuk Candan:Zhongfei Zhang	NA	Eighth International Workshop on Multimedia Data Mining	NA:NA	2018
Robert Grossman:Shirley Connelly	NA	Fifth International Workshop on Data Mining Standards, Services, and Platforms	NA:NA	2018
Jake Y. Chen:Stefano Lonardi:Mohammed Zaki	NA	Seventh International Workshop on Data Mining in Bioinformatics	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xingquan Zhu:Ruoming Jin:Gagan Agrawal	NA	First International Workshop on Mining Multiple Information Sources	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eamonn Keogh:Christian Shelton:Fabian Moerchen	NA	First International Workshop and Challenge on Time Series Classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Brendan Kitts:Gabor Melli:Gregory Piatetsky-Shapiro:Pip Courbois:Simeon J. Simoff:Jing Ying Zhang:Karl Rexer:Gang Wu:John Elder:Tom Osborn:Ed Freeman:Ying Li	NA	Second Workshop on Data Mining Case Studies and Practice Prize	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christos Faloutsos:Tamara G. Kolda:Jimeng Sun	NA	Mining large time-evolving data using matrix and tensor tools	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tamraparni Dasu:Simon Urbanek	NA	A statistical framework for mining data streams	NA:NA	2018
Pedro Domingos	NA	Statistical modeling of relational data	NA	2018
Marko Grobelnik:Dunja Mladenic:Fortuna Blaz	NA	Text mining and link analysis for web and semantic web	NA:NA:NA	2018
Richard E. Neapolitan	NA	Learning Bayesian networks	NA	2018
Giovanni Seni:John Elder	NA	From trees to forests and rule sets: a unified overview of ensemble methods	NA:NA	2018
Ben Edelman:Michael Schwarz	This talk describes the optimal (revenue maximizing) auction for sponsored search advertising. We show that a search engine's optimal reserve price is independent of the number of bidders. Using simulations, we consider the changes that result from a search engine's choice of reserve price and from changes in the number of participating advertisers.	Internet advertising and optimal auction design	NA:NA	2018
Thore Graepel:Ralf Herbrich	NA	Large scale data analysis and modelling in online services and advertising	NA:NA	2018
Trevor Hastie:Jerome Friedman:Rob Tibshirani	In a statistical world faced with an explosion of data, regularization has become an important ingredient. In a wide variety of problems we have many more input features than observations, and the lasso penalty and its hybrids have become increasingly useful for both feature selection and regularization. This talk presents some effective algorithms based on coordinate descent for fitting large scale regularization paths for a variety of problems.	Regularization paths and coordinate descent	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jitendra Malik	There are billions of images on the Internet. Today, searching for a desired image is largely based on textual data such as filename or associated text on the web page; not much use is made of the image content. There are good reasons for this. The field of content-based image retrieval, which emerged during the 1990s, focused primarily on color and texture cues. These were easier to model than shape, but they turned out to be much less useful than originally hoped. I shall review some of the recent developments in the field of visual object recognition in the computer vision community that offer greater promise. Much better image features for characterizing shape, advances in machine learning techniques, and the availability of large amounts of training data lie at the heart of these approaches.	The future of image search	NA	2018
Udo Miletzki	Abstract Intro: An overview is given of the largest industrial OCR application world wide: Postal Address Reading, how it came into being, how it evolved rapidly to its current state-of-the-art and what are its future prospects. Some prominent historical-, system-, methodological-, cultural- and social aspects are illuminated.	Genesis of postal address reading, current state and future prospects: thirty years of pattern recognition on duty of postal services	NA	2018
Aris Anagnostopoulos:Ravi Kumar:Mohammad Mahdian	In many online social systems, social ties between users play an important role in dictating their behavior. One of the ways this can happen is through social influence, the phenomenon that the actions of a user can induce his/her friends to behave in a similar way. In systems where social influence exists, ideas, modes of behavior, or new technologies can diffuse through the network like an epidemic. Therefore, identifying and understanding social influence is of tremendous interest from both analysis and design points of view. This is a difficult task in general, since there are factors such as homophily or unobserved confounding variables that can induce statistical correlation between the actions of friends in a social network. Distinguishing influence from these is essentially the problem of distinguishing correlation from causality, a notoriously hard statistical problem. In this paper we study this problem systematically. We define fairly general models that replicate the aforementioned sources of social correlation. We then propose two simple tests that can identify influence as a source of social correlation when the time series of user actions is available. We give a theoretical justification of one of the tests by proving that with high probability it succeeds in ruling out influence in a rather general model of social correlation. We also simulate our tests on a number of examples designed by randomly generating actions of nodes on a real social network (from Flickr) according to one of several models. Simulation results confirm that our test performs well on these data. Finally, we apply them to real tagging data on Flickr, exhibiting that while there is significant social correlation in tagging behavior on this system, this correlation cannot be attributed to social influence.	Influence and correlation in social networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Luca Becchetti:Paolo Boldi:Carlos Castillo:Aristides Gionis	In this paper we study the problem of local triangle counting in large graphs. Namely, given a large graph G = (V;E) we want to estimate as accurately as possible the number of triangles incident to every node υ ∈ V in the graph. The problem of computing the global number of triangles in a graph has been considered before, but to our knowledge this is the first paper that addresses the problem of local triangle counting with a focus on the efficiency issues arising in massive graphs. The distribution of the local number of triangles and the related local clustering coefficient can be used in many interesting applications. For example, we show that the measures we compute can help to detect the presence of spamming activity in large-scale Web graphs, as well as to provide useful features to assess content quality in social networks. For computing the local number of triangles we propose two approximation algorithms, which are based on the idea of min-wise independent permutations (Broder et al. 1998). Our algorithms operate in a semi-streaming fashion, using O(jV j) space in main memory and performing O(log jV j) sequential scans over the edges of the graph. The first algorithm we describe in this paper also uses O(jEj) space in external memory during computation, while the second algorithm uses only main memory. We present the theoretical analysis as well as experimental results in massive graphs demonstrating the practical efficiency of our approach.	Efficient semi-streaming algorithms for local triangle counting in massive graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Indrajit Bhattacharya:Shantanu Godbole:Sachindra Joshi	Traditionally, research in identifying structured entities in documents has proceeded independently of document categorization research. In this paper, we observe that these two tasks have much to gain from each other. Apart from direct references to entities in a database, such as names of person entities, documents often also contain words that are correlated with discriminative entity attributes, such age-group and income-level of persons. This happens naturally in many enterprise domains such as CRM, Banking, etc. Then, entity identification, which is typically vulnerable against noise and incompleteness in direct references to entities in documents, can benefit from document categorization with respect to such attributes. In return, entity identification enables documents to be categorized according to different label-sets arising from entity attributes without requiring any supervision. In this paper, we propose a probabilistic generative model for joint entity identification and document categorization. We show how the parameters of the model can be estimated using an EM algorithm in an unsupervised fashion. Using extensive experiments over real and semi-synthetic data, we demonstrate that the two tasks can benefit immensely from each other when performed jointly using the proposed model.	Structured entity identification and document categorization: two tasks with one joint model	NA:NA:NA	2018
Albert Bifet:Ricard Gavaldà	Closed patterns are powerful representatives of frequent patterns, since they eliminate redundant information. We propose a new approach for mining closed unlabeled rooted trees adaptively from data streams that change over time. Our approach is based on an efficient representation of trees and a low complexity notion of relaxed closed trees, and leads to an on-line strategy and an adaptive sliding window technique for dealing with changes over time. More precisely, we first present a general methodology to identify closed patterns in a data stream, using Galois Lattice Theory. Using this methodology, we then develop three closed tree mining algorithms: an incremental one IncTreeNat, a sliding-window based one, WinTreeNat, and finally one that mines closed trees adaptively from data streams, AdaTreeNat. To the best of our knowledge this is the first work on mining frequent closed trees in streaming data varying with time. We give a first experimental evaluation of the proposed algorithms.	Mining adaptively frequent closed unlabeled rooted trees in data streams	NA:NA	2018
Mustafa Bilgic:Lise Getoor	Information diffusion, viral marketing, and collective classification all attempt to model and exploit the relationships in a network to make inferences about the labels of nodes. A variety of techniques have been introduced and methods that combine attribute information and neighboring label information have been shown to be effective for collective labeling of the nodes in a network. However, in part because of the correlation between node labels that the techniques exploit, it is easy to find cases in which, once a misclassification is made, incorrect information propagates throughout the network. This problem can be mitigated if the system is allowed to judiciously acquire the labels for a small number of nodes. Unfortunately, under relatively general assumptions, determining the optimal set of labels to acquire is intractable. Here we propose an acquisition method that learns the cases when a given collective classification algorithm makes mistakes, and suggests acquisitions to correct those mistakes. We empirically show on both real and synthetic datasets that this method significantly outperforms a greedy approximate inference approach, a viral marketing approach, and approaches based on network structural measures such as node degree and network clustering. In addition to significantly improving accuracy with just a small amount of labeled data, our method is tractable on large networks.	Effective label acquisition for collective classification	NA:NA	2018
Francesco Bonchi:Carlos Castillo:Debora Donato:Aristides Gionis	We introduce the problem of query decomposition, where we are given a query and a document retrieval system, and we want to produce a small set of queries whose union of resulting documents corresponds approximately to that of the original query. Ideally, these queries should represent coherent, conceptually well-separated topics. We provide an abstract formulation of the query decomposition problem, and we tackle it from two different perspectives. We first show how the problem can be instantiated as a specific variant of a set cover problem, for which we provide an efficient greedy algorithm. Next, we show how the same problem can be seen as a constrained clustering problem, with a very particular kind of constraint, i.e., clustering with predefined clusters. We develop a two-phase algorithm based on hierarchical agglomerative clustering followed by dynamic programming. Our experiments, conducted on a set of actual queries in a Web scale search engine, confirm the effectiveness of the proposed solutions.	Topical query decomposition	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christos Boutsidis:Michael W. Mahoney:Petros Drineas	Principal Components Analysis (PCA) is the predominant linear dimensionality reduction technique, and has been widely applied on datasets in all scientific domains. We consider, both theoretically and empirically, the topic of unsupervised feature selection for PCA, by leveraging algorithms for the so-called Column Subset Selection Problem (CSSP). In words, the CSSP seeks the "best" subset of exactly k columns from an m x n data matrix A, and has been extensively studied in the Numerical Linear Algebra community. We present a novel two-stage algorithm for the CSSP. From a theoretical perspective, for small to moderate values of k, this algorithm significantly improves upon the best previously-existing results [24, 12] for the CSSP. From an empirical perspective, we evaluate this algorithm as an unsupervised feature selection strategy in three application domains of modern statistical data analysis: finance, document-term data, and genetics. We pay particular attention to how this algorithm may be used to select representative or landmark features from an object-feature matrix in an unsupervised manner. In all three application domains, we are able to identify k landmark features, i.e., columns of the data matrix, that capture nearly the same amount of information as does the subspace that is spanned by the top k "eigenfeatures."	Unsupervised feature selection for principal components analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Justin Brickell:Vitaly Shmatikov	Re-identification is a major privacy threat to public datasets containing individual records. Many privacy protection algorithms rely on generalization and suppression of "quasi-identifier" attributes such as ZIP code and birthdate. Their objective is usually syntactic sanitization: for example, k-anonymity requires that each "quasi-identifier" tuple appear in at least k records, while l-diversity requires that the distribution of sensitive attributes for each quasi-identifier have high entropy. The utility of sanitized data is also measured syntactically, by the number of generalization steps applied or the number of records with the same quasi-identifier. In this paper, we ask whether generalization and suppression of quasi-identifiers offer any benefits over trivial sanitization which simply separates quasi-identifiers from sensitive attributes. Previous work showed that k-anonymous databases can be useful for data mining, but k-anonymization does not guarantee any privacy. By contrast, we measure the tradeoff between privacy (how much can the adversary learn from the sanitized records?) and utility, measured as accuracy of data-mining algorithms executed on the same sanitized records. For our experimental evaluation, we use the same datasets from the UCI machine learning repository as were used in previous research on generalization and suppression. Our results demonstrate that even modest privacy gains require almost complete destruction of the data-mining utility. In most cases, trivial sanitization provides equivalent utility and better privacy than k-anonymity, l-diversity, and similar methods based on generalization and suppression.	The cost of privacy: destruction of data-mining utility in anonymized data publishing	NA:NA	2018
Deepayan Chakrabarti:Ravi Kumar:Kunal Punera	How can a search engine automatically provide the best and most appropriate title for a result URL (link-title) so that users will be persuaded to click on the URL? We consider the problem of automatically generating link-titles for URLs and propose a general statistical framework for solving this problem. The framework is based on using information from a diverse collection of sources, each of which can be thought of as contributing one or more candidate link-titles for the URL. It can also incorporate the context in which the link-title will be used, along with constraints on its length. Our framework is applicable to several scenarios: obtaining succinct titles for displaying quicklinks, obtaining titles for URLs that lack a good title, constructing succinct sitemaps, etc. Extensive experiments show that our method is very effective, producing results that are at least 20% better than non-trivial baselines.	Generating succinct titles for web URLs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Soumen Chakrabarti:Rajiv Khanna:Uma Sawant:Chiru Bhattacharyya	Learning to rank from relevance judgment is an active research area. Itemwise score regression, pairwise preference satisfaction, and listwise structured learning are the major techniques in use. Listwise structured learning has been applied recently to optimize important non-decomposable ranking criteria like AUC (area under ROC curve) and MAP (mean average precision). We propose new, almost-linear-time algorithms to optimize for two other criteria widely used to evaluate search systems: MRR (mean reciprocal rank) and NDCG (normalized discounted cumulative gain) in the max-margin structured learning framework. We also demonstrate that, for different ranking criteria, one may need to use different feature maps. Search applications should not be optimized in favor of a single criterion, because they need to cater to a variety of queries. E.g., MRR is best for navigational queries, while NDCG is best for informational queries. A key contribution of this paper is to fold multiple ranking loss functions into a multi-criteria max-margin optimization. The result is a single, robust ranking model that is close to the best accuracy of learners trained on individual criteria. In fact, experiments over the popular LETOR and TREC data sets show that, contrary to conventional wisdom, a test criterion is often not best served by training with the same individual criterion.	Structured learning for non-smooth ranking losses	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ming-wei Chang:Wen-tau Yih:Christopher Meek	Naive Bayes and logistic regression perform well in different regimes. While the former is a very simple generative model which is efficient to train and performs well empirically in many applications,the latter is a discriminative model which often achieves better accuracy and can be shown to outperform naive Bayes asymptotically. In this paper, we propose a novel hybrid model, partitioned logistic regression, which has several advantages over both naive Bayes and logistic regression. This model separates the original feature space into several disjoint feature groups. Individual models on these groups of features are learned using logistic regression and their predictions are combined using the naive Bayes principle to produce a robust final estimation. We show that our model is better both theoretically and empirically. In addition, when applying it in a practical application, email spam filtering, it improves the normalized AUC score at 10% false-positive rate by 28.8% and 23.6% compared to naive Bayes and logistic regression, when using the exact same training examples.	Partitioned logistic regression for spam filtering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jianhui Chen:Shuiwang Ji:Betul Ceran:Qi Li:Mingrui Wu:Jieping Ye	Kernel methods have been applied successfully in many data mining tasks. Subspace kernel learning was recently proposed to discover an effective low-dimensional subspace of a kernel feature space for improved classification. In this paper, we propose to construct a subspace kernel using the Hilbert-Schmidt Independence Criterion (HSIC). We show that the optimal subspace kernel can be obtained efficiently by solving an eigenvalue problem. One limitation of the existing subspace kernel learning formulations is that the kernel learning and classification are independent and the subspace kernel may not be optimally adapted for classification. To overcome this limitation, we propose a joint optimization framework, in which we learn the subspace kernel and subsequent classifiers simultaneously. In addition, we propose a novel learning formulation that extracts an uncorrelated subspace kernel to reduce the redundant information in a subspace kernel. Following the idea from multiple kernel learning, we extend the proposed formulations to the case when multiple kernels are available and need to be combined. We show that the integration of subspace kernels can be formulated as a semidefinite program (SDP) which is computationally expensive. To improve the efficiency of the SDP formulation, we propose an equivalent semi-infinite linear program (SILP) formulation which can be solved efficiently by the column generation technique. Experimental results on a collection of benchmark data sets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms.	Learning subspace kernels for classification	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wen-Yen Chen:Dong Zhang:Edward Y. Chang	Rapid growth in the amount of data available on social networking sites has made information retrieval increasingly challenging for users. In this paper, we propose a collaborative filtering method, Combinational Collaborative Filtering (CCF), to perform personalized community recommendations by considering multiple types of co-occurrences in social data at the same time. This filtering method fuses semantic and user information, then applies a hybrid training strategy that combines Gibbs sampling and Expectation-Maximization algorithm. To handle the large-scale dataset, parallel computing is used to speed up the model training. Through an empirical study on the Orkut dataset, we show CCF to be both effective and scalable.	Combinational collaborative filtering for personalized community recommendation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xue-wen Chen:Michael Wasikowski	The class imbalance problem is encountered in a large number of practical applications of machine learning and data mining, for example, information retrieval and filtering, and the detection of credit card fraud. It has been widely realized that this imbalance raises issues that are either nonexistent or less severe compared to balanced class cases and often results in a classifier's suboptimal performance. This is even more true when the imbalanced data are also high dimensional. In such cases, feature selection methods are critical to achieve optimal performance. In this paper, we propose a new feature selection method, Feature Assessment by Sliding Thresholds (FAST), which is based on the area under a ROC curve generated by moving the decision boundary of a single feature classifier with thresholds placed using an even-bin distribution. FAST is compared to two commonly-used feature selection methods, correlation coefficient and RELevance In Estimating Features (RELIEF), for imbalanced data classification. The experimental results obtained on text mining, mass spectrometry, and microarray data sets showed that the proposed method outperformed both RELIEF and correlation methods on skewed data sets and was comparable on balanced data sets; when small number of features is preferred, the classification performance of the proposed method was significantly improved compared to correlation and RELIEF-based methods.	FAST: a roc-based feature selection metric for small samples and imbalanced data classification problems	NA:NA	2018
Haibin Cheng:Pang-Ning Tan	Many time series prediction methods have focused on single step or short term prediction problems due to the inherent difficulty in controlling the propagation of errors from one prediction step to the next step. Yet, there is a broad range of applications such as climate impact assessments and urban growth planning that require long term forecasting capabilities for strategic decision making. Training an accurate model that produces reliable long term predictions would require an extensive amount of historical data, which are either unavailable or expensive to acquire. For some of these domains, there are alternative ways to generate potential scenarios for the future using computer-driven simulation models, such as global climate and traffic demand models. However, the data generated by these models are currently utilized in a supervised learning setting, where a predictive model trained on past observations is used to estimate the future values. In this paper, we present a semi-supervised learning framework for long-term time series forecasting based on Hidden Markov Model Regression. A covariance alignment method is also developed to deal with the issue of inconsistencies between historical and model simulation data. We evaluated our approach on data sets from a variety of domains, including climate modeling. Our experimental results demonstrate the efficacy of the approach compared to other supervised learning methods for long-term time series forecasting.	Semi-supervised learning with data calibration for long-term time series forecasting	NA:NA	2018
Yong Ju Cho:Naren Ramakrishnan:Yang Cao	We present an approach to reconstructing chemical reaction networks from time series measurements of the concentrations of the molecules involved. Our solution strategy combines techniques from numerical sensitivity analysis and probabilistic graphical models. By modeling a chemical reaction system as a Markov network (undirected graphical model), we show how systematically probing for sensitivities between molecular species can identify the topology of the network. Given the topology, our approach next uses detailed sensitivity profiles to characterize properties of reactions such as reversibility, enzyme-catalysis, and the precise stoichiometries of the reactants and products. We demonstrate applications to reconstructing key biological systems including the yeast cell cycle. In addition to network reconstruction, our algorithm finds applications in model reduction and model comprehension. We argue that our reconstruction algorithm can serve as an important primitive for data mining in systems biology applications.	Reconstructing chemical reaction networks: data mining meets system identification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Peter Christen	The task of linking databases is an important step in an increasing number of data mining projects, because linked data can contain information that is not available otherwise, or that would require time-consuming and expensive collection of specific data. The aim of linking is to match and aggregate all records that refer to the same entity. One of the major challenges when linking large databases is the efficient and accurate classification of record pairs into matches and non-matches. While traditionally classification was based on manually-set thresholds or on statistical procedures, many of the more recently developed classification methods are based on supervised learning techniques. They therefore require training data, which is often not available in real world situations or has to be prepared manually, an expensive, cumbersome and time-consuming process. The author has previously presented a novel two-step approach to automatic record pair classification [6, 7]. In the first step of this approach, training examples of high quality are automatically selected from the compared record pairs, and used in the second step to train a support vector machine (SVM) classifier. Initial experiments showed the feasibility of the approach, achieving results that outperformed k-means clustering. In this paper, two variations of this approach are presented. The first is based on a nearest-neighbour classifier, while the second improves a SVM classifier by iteratively adding more examples into the training sets. Experimental results show that this two-step approach can achieve better classification results than other unsupervised approaches.	Automatic record linkage using seeded nearest neighbour and support vector machine classification	NA	2018
David Crandall:Dan Cosley:Daniel Huttenlocher:Jon Kleinberg:Siddharth Suri	A fundamental open question in the analysis of social networks is to understand the interplay between similarity and social ties. People are similar to their neighbors in a social network for two distinct reasons: first, they grow to resemble their current friends due to social influence; and second, they tend to form new links to others who are already like them, a process often termed selection by sociologists. While both factors are present in everyday social processes, they are in tension: social influence can push systems toward uniformity of behavior, while selection can lead to fragmentation. As such, it is important to understand the relative effects of these forces, and this has been a challenge due to the difficulty of isolating and quantifying them in real settings. We develop techniques for identifying and modeling the interactions between social influence and selection, using data from online communities where both social interaction and changes in behavior over time can be measured. We find clear feedback effects between the two factors, with rising similarity between two individuals serving, in aggregate, as an indicator of future interaction -- but with similarity then continuing to increase steadily, although at a slower rate, for long periods after initial interactions. We also consider the relative value of similarity and social influence in modeling future behavior. For instance, to predict the activities that an individual is likely to do next, is it more useful to know the current activities of their friends, or of the people most similar to them?	Feedback effects between similarity and social influence in online communities	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kaustav Das:Jeff Schneider:Daniel B. Neill	We propose a new method for detecting patterns of anomalies in categorical datasets. We assume that anomalies are generated by some underlying process which affects only a particular subset of the data. Our method consists of two steps: we first use a "local anomaly detector" to identify individual records with anomalous attribute values, and then detect patterns where the number of anomalous records is higher than expected. Given the set of anomalies flagged by the local anomaly detector, we search over all subsets of the data defined by any set of fixed values of a subset of the attributes, in order to detect self-similar patterns of anomalies. We wish to detect any such subset of the test data which displays a significant increase in anomalous activity as compared to the normal behavior of the system (as indicated by the training data). We perform significance testing to determine if the number of anomalies in any subset of the test data is significantly higher than expected, and propose an efficient algorithm to perform this test over all such subsets of the data. We show that this algorithm is able to accurately detect anomalous patterns in real-world hospital, container shipping and network intrusion data.	Anomaly pattern detection in categorical datasets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Atish Das Sarma:Sreenivas Gollapudi:Samuel Ieong	We introduce a new approach to analyzing click logs by examining both the documents that are clicked and those that are bypassed-documents returned higher in the ordering of the search results but skipped by the user. This approach complements the popular click-through rate analysis, and helps to draw negative inferences in the click logs. We formulate a natural objective that finds sets of results that are unlikely to be collectively bypassed by a typical user. This is closely related to the problem of reducing query abandonment. We analyze a greedy approach to optimizing this objective, and establish theoretical guarantees of its performance. We evaluate our approach on a large set of queries, and demonstrate that it compares favorably to the maximal marginal relevance approach on a number of metrics including mean average precision and mean reciprocal rank.	Bypass rates: reducing query abandonment using negative inferences	NA:NA:NA	2018
Anirban Dasgupta:Ravi Kumar:Amit Sasturkar	A large fraction of the URLs on the web contain duplicate (or near-duplicate) content. De-duping URLs is an extremely important problem for search engines, since all the principal functions of a search engine, including crawling, indexing, ranking, and presentation, are adversely impacted by the presence of duplicate URLs. Traditionally, the de-duping problem has been addressed by fetching and examining the content of the URL; our approach here is different. Given a set of URLs partitioned into equivalence classes based on the content (URLs in the same equivalence class have similar content), we address the problem of mining this set and learning URL rewrite rules that transform all URLs of an equivalence class to the same canonical form. These rewrite rules can then be applied to eliminate duplicates among URLs that are encountered for the first time during crawling, even without fetching their content. In order to express such transformation rules, we propose a simple framework that is general enough to capture the most common URL rewrite patterns occurring on the web; in particular, it encapsulates the DUST (Different URLs with similar text) framework [5]. We provide an efficient algorithm for mining and learning URL rewrite rules and show that under mild assumptions, it is complete, i.e., our algorithm learns every URL rewrite rule that is correct, for an appropriate notion of correctness. We demonstrate the expressiveness of our framework and the effectiveness of our algorithm by performing a variety of extensive large-scale experiments.	De-duping URLs via rewrite rules	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jason V. Davis:Inderjit S. Dhillon	The success of popular algorithms such as k-means clustering or nearest neighbor searches depend on the assumption that the underlying distance functions reflect domain-specific notions of similarity for the problem at hand. The distance metric learning problem seeks to optimize a distance function subject to constraints that arise from fully-supervised or semisupervised information. Several recent algorithms have been proposed to learn such distance functions in low dimensional settings. One major shortcoming of these methods is their failure to scale to high dimensional problems that are becoming increasingly ubiquitous in modern data mining applications. In this paper, we present metric learning algorithms that scale linearly with dimensionality, permitting efficient optimization, storage, and evaluation of the learned metric. This is achieved through our main technical contribution which provides a framework based on the log-determinant matrix divergence which enables efficient optimization of structured, low-parameter Mahalanobis distances. Experimentally, we evaluate our methods across a variety of high dimensional domains, including text, statistical software analysis, and collaborative filtering, showing that our methods scale to data sets with tens of thousands or more features. We show that our learned metric can achieve excellent quality with respect to various criteria. For example, in the context of metric learning for nearest neighbor classification, we show that our methods achieve 24% higher accuracy over the baseline distance. Additionally, our methods yield very good precision while providing recall measures up to 20% higher than other baseline methods such as latent semantic analysis.	Structured metric learning for high dimensional problems	NA:NA	2018
Luc De Raedt:Tias Guns:Siegfried Nijssen	The relationship between constraint-based mining and constraint programming is explored by showing how the typical constraints used in pattern mining can be formulated for use in constraint programming environments. The resulting framework is surprisingly flexible and allows us to combine a wide range of mining constraints in different ways. We implement this approach in off-the-shelf constraint programming systems and evaluate it empirically. The results show that the approach is not only very expressive, but also works well on complex benchmark problems.	Constraint programming for itemset mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
Charles Elkan:Keith Noto	The input to an algorithm that learns a binary classifier normally consists of two sets of examples, where one set consists of positive examples of the concept to be learned, and the other set consists of negative examples. However, it is often the case that the available training data are an incomplete set of positive examples, and a set of unlabeled examples, some of which are positive and some of which are negative. The problem solved in this paper is how to learn a standard binary classifier given a nontraditional training set of this nature. Under the assumption that the labeled examples are selected randomly from the positive examples, we show that a classifier trained on positive and unlabeled examples predicts probabilities that differ by only a constant factor from the true conditional probabilities of being positive. We show how to use this result in two different ways to learn a classifier from a nontraditional training set. We then apply these two new methods to solve a real-world problem: identifying protein records that should be included in an incomplete specialized molecular biology database. Our experiments in this domain show that models trained using the new methods perform better than the current state-of-the-art biased SVM method for learning from positive and unlabeled examples.	Learning classifiers from only positive and unlabeled data	NA:NA	2018
Kave Eshghi:Shyamsundar Rajaram	Locality Sensitive Hash functions are invaluable tools for approximate near neighbor problems in high dimensional spaces. In this work, we are focused on LSH schemes where the similarity metric is the cosine measure. The contribution of this work is a new class of locality sensitive hash functions for the cosine similarity measure based on the theory of concomitants, which arises in order statistics. Consider n i.i.d sample pairs, {(X1; Y1); (X2; Y2); : : : ;(Xn; Yn)} obtained from a bivariate distribution f(X, Y). Concomitant theory captures the relation between the order statistics of X and Y in the form of a rank distribution given by Prob(Rank(Yi)=j-Rank(Xi)=k). We exploit properties of the rank distribution towards developing a locality sensitive hash family that has excellent collision rate properties for the cosine measure. The computational cost of the basic algorithm is high for high hash lengths. We introduce several approximations based on the properties of concomitant order statistics and discrete transforms that perform almost as well, with significantly reduced computational cost. We demonstrate the practical applicability of our algorithms by using it for finding similar images in an image repository.	Locality sensitive hash functions based on concomitant rank order statistics	NA:NA	2018
Wei Fan:Kun Zhang:Hong Cheng:Jing Gao:Xifeng Yan:Jiawei Han:Philip Yu:Olivier Verscheure	Frequent patterns provide solutions to datasets that do not have well-structured feature vectors. However, frequent pattern mining is non-trivial since the number of unique patterns is exponential but many are non-discriminative and correlated. Currently, frequent pattern mining is performed in two sequential steps: enumerating a set of frequent patterns, followed by feature selection. Although many methods have been proposed in the past few years on how to perform each separate step efficiently, there is still limited success in eventually finding highly compact and discriminative patterns. The culprit is due to the inherent nature of this widely adopted two-step approach. This paper discusses these problems and proposes a new and different method. It builds a decision tree that partitions the data onto different nodes. Then at each node, it directly discovers a discriminative pattern to further divide its examples into purer subsets. Since the number of examples towards leaf level is relatively small, the new approach is able to examine patterns with extremely low global support that could not be enumerated on the whole dataset by the two-step method. The discovered feature vectors are more accurate on some of the most difficult graph as well as frequent itemset problems than most recently proposed algorithms but the total size is typically 50% or more smaller. Importantly, the minimum support of some discriminative patterns can be extremely low (e.g. 0.03%). In order to enumerate these low support patterns, state-of-the-art frequent pattern algorithm either cannot finish due to huge memory consumption or have to enumerate 101 to 103 times more patterns before they can even be found. Software and datasets are available by contacting the author.	Direct mining of discriminative and essential frequent patterns via model-based search tree	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
George Forman:Shyamsundar Rajaram	We combine the speed and scalability of information retrieval with the generally superior classification accuracy offered by machine learning, yielding a two-phase text classifier that can scale to very large document corpora. We investigate the effect of different methods of formulating the query from the training set, as well as varying the query size. In empirical tests on the Reuters RCV1 corpus of 806,000 documents, we find runtime was easily reduced by a factor of 27x, with a somewhat surprising gain in F-measure compared with traditional text classification.	Scaling up text classification for large file systems	NA:NA	2018
Yasuhiro Fujiwara:Yasushi Sakurai:Masashi Yamamuro	Hidden Markov models (HMMs) have received considerable attention in various communities (e.g, speech recognition, neurology and bioinformatic) since many applications that use HMM have emerged. The goal of this work is to identify efficiently and correctly the model in a given dataset that yields the state sequence with the highest likelihood with respect to the query sequence. We propose SPIRAL, a fast search method for HMM datasets. To reduce the search cost, SPIRAL efficiently prunes a significant number of search candidates by applying successive approximations when estimating likelihood. We perform several experiments to verify the effectiveness of SPIRAL. The results show that SPIRAL is more than 500 times faster than the naive method.	SPIRAL: efficient and exact model identification for hidden Markov models	NA:NA:NA	2018
Brian Gallagher:Hanghang Tong:Tina Eliassi-Rad:Christos Faloutsos	We address the problem of classification in partially labeled networks (a.k.a. within-network classification) where observed class labels are sparse. Techniques for statistical relational learning have been shown to perform well on network classification tasks by exploiting dependencies between class labels of neighboring nodes. However, relational classifiers can fail when unlabeled nodes have too few labeled neighbors to support learning (during training phase) and/or inference (during testing phase). This situation arises in real-world problems when observed labels are sparse. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to within-network classification that combines aspects of statistical relational learning and semi-supervised learning to improve classification performance in sparse networks. Our approach works by adding "ghost edges" to a network, which enable the flow of information from labeled to unlabeled nodes. Through experiments on real-world data sets, we demonstrate that our approach performs well across a range of conditions where existing approaches, such as collective classification and semi-supervised learning, fail. On all tasks, our approach improves area under the ROC curve (AUC) by up to 15 points over existing approaches. Furthermore, we demonstrate that our approach runs in time proportional to L • E, where L is the number of labeled nodes and E is the number of edges.	Using ghost edges for classification in sparsely labeled networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Srivatsava Ranjit Ganta:Shiva Prasad Kasiviswanathan:Adam Smith	Privacy is an increasingly important aspect of data publishing. Reasoning about privacy, however, is fraught with pitfalls. One of the most significant is the auxiliary information (also called external knowledge, background knowledge, or side information) that an adversary gleans from other channels such as the web, public records, or domain knowledge. This paper explores how one can reason about privacy in the face of rich, realistic sources of auxiliary information. Specifically, we investigate the effectiveness of current anonymization schemes in preserving privacy when multiple organizations independently release anonymized data about overlapping populations. 1. We investigate composition attacks, in which an adversary uses independent anonymized releases to breach privacy. We explain why recently proposed models of limited auxiliary information fail to capture composition attacks. Our experiments demonstrate that even a simple instance of a composition attack can breach privacy in practice, for a large class of currently proposed techniques. The class includes k-anonymity and several recent variants. 2. On a more positive note, certain randomization-based notions of privacy (such as differential privacy) provably resist composition attacks and, in fact, the use of arbitrary side information.This resistance enables "stand-alone" design of anonymization schemes, without the need for explicitly keeping track of other releases. We provide a precise formulation of this property, and prove that an important class of relaxations of differential privacy also satisfy the property. This significantly enlarges the class of protocols known to enable modular design.	Composition attacks and auxiliary information in data privacy	NA:NA:NA	2018
Venkatesh Ganti:Arnd C. König:Rares Vernica	Extracting entities (such as people, movies) from documents and identifying the categories (such as painter, writer) they belong to enable structured querying and data analysis over unstructured document collections. In this paper, we focus on the problem of categorizing extracted entities. Most prior approaches developed for this task only analyzed the local document context within which entities occur. In this paper, we significantly improve the accuracy of entity categorization by (i) considering an entity's context across multiple documents containing it, and (ii) exploiting existing large lists of related entities (e.g., lists of actors, directors, books). These approaches introduce computational challenges because (a) the context of entities has to be aggregated across several documents and (b) the lists of related entities may be very large. We develop techniques to address these challenges. We present a thorough experimental study on real data sets that demonstrates the increase in accuracy and the scalability of our approaches.	Entity categorization over large document collections	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jing Gao:Wei Fan:Jing Jiang:Jiawei Han	The effectiveness of knowledge transfer using classification algorithms depends on the difference between the distribution that generates the training examples and the one from which test examples are to be drawn. The task can be especially difficult when the training examples are from one or several domains different from the test domain. In this paper, we propose a locally weighted ensemble framework to combine multiple models for transfer learning, where the weights are dynamically assigned according to a model's predictive power on each test example. It can integrate the advantages of various learning algorithms and the labeled information from multiple training domains into one unified classification model, which can then be applied on a different domain. Importantly, different from many previously proposed methods, none of the base learning method is required to be specifically designed for transfer learning. We show the optimality of a locally weighted ensemble framework as a general approach to combine multiple models for domain transfer. We then propose an implementation of the local weight assignments by mapping the structures of a model onto the structures of the test domain, and then weighting each model locally according to its consistency with the neighborhood structure around the test example. Experimental results on text classification, spam filtering and intrusion detection data sets demonstrate significant improvements in classification accuracy gained by the framework. On a transfer learning task of newsgroup message categorization, the proposed locally weighted ensemble framework achieves 97% accuracy when the best single model predicts correctly only on 73% of the test examples. In summary, the improvement in accuracy is over 10% and up to 30% across different problems.	Knowledge transfer via multiple model local structure mapping	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gemma C. Garriga:Esa Junttila:Heikki Mannila	A 0--1 matrix has a banded structure if both rows and columns can be permuted so that the non-zero entries exhibit a staircase pattern of overlapping rows. The concept of banded matrices has its origins in numerical analysis, where entries can be viewed as descriptions between the problem variables; the bandedness corresponds to variables that are coupled over short distances. Banded data occurs also in other applications, for example in the physical mapping problem of the human genome, in paleontological data, in network data and in the discovery of overlapping communities without cycles. We study in this paper the banded structure of binary matrices, give a formal definition of the concept and discuss its theoretical properties. We consider the algorithmic problems of computing how far a matrix is from being banded, and of finding a good submatrix of the original data that exhibits approximate bandedness. Finally, we show by experiments on real data from ecology and other applications the usefulness of the concept. Our results reveal that bands exist in real datasets and that the final obtained ordering of rows and columns have natural interpretations.	Banded structure in binary matrices	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rohit Gupta:Gang Fang:Blayne Field:Michael Steinbach:Vipin Kumar	Traditional association mining algorithms use a strict definition of support that requires every item in a frequent itemset to occur in each supporting transaction. In real-life datasets, this limits the recovery of frequent itemset patterns as they are fragmented due to random noise and other errors in the data. Hence, a number of methods have been proposed recently to discover approximate frequent itemsets in the presence of noise. These algorithms use a relaxed definition of support and additional parameters, such as row and column error thresholds to allow some degree of "error" in the discovered patterns. Though these algorithms have been shown to be successful in finding the approximate frequent itemsets, a systematic and quantitative approach to evaluate them has been lacking. In this paper, we propose a comprehensive evaluation framework to compare different approximate frequent pattern mining algorithms. The key idea is to select the optimal parameters for each algorithm on a given dataset and use the itemsets generated with these optimal parameters in order to compare different algorithms. We also propose simple variations of some of the existing algorithms by introducing an additional post-processing step. Subsequently, we have applied our proposed evaluation framework to a wide variety of synthetic datasets with varying amounts of noise and a real dataset to compare existing and our proposed variations of the approximate pattern mining algorithms. Source code and the datasets used in this study are made publicly available.	Quantitative evaluation of approximate frequent pattern mining algorithms	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rob Hall:Charles Sutton:Andrew McCallum	Recent work in deduplication has shown that collective deduplication of different attribute types can improve performance. But although these techniques cluster the attributes collectively, they do not model them collectively. For example, in citations in the research literature, canonical venue strings and title strings are dependent -- because venues tend to focus on a few research areas -- but this dependence is not modeled by current unsupervised techniques. We call this dependence between fields in a record a cross-field dependence. In this paper, we present an unsupervised generative model for the deduplication problem that explicitly models cross-field dependence. Our model uses a single set of latent variables to control two disparate clustering models: a Dirichlet-multinomial model over titles, and a non-exchangeable string-edit model over venues. We show that modeling cross-field dependence yields a substantial improvement in performance -- a 58% reduction in error over a standard Dirichlet process mixture.	Unsupervised deduplication using cross-field dependencies	NA:NA:NA	2018
Meng Hu:Jiong Yang:Wei Su	Pattern discovery in sequences is an important problem in many applications, especially in computational biology and text mining. However, due to the noisy nature of data, the traditional sequential pattern model may fail to reflect the underlying characteristics of sequence data in these applications. There are two challenges: First, the mutation noise exists in the data, and therefore symbols may be misrepresented by other symbols; Secondly, the order of symbols in sequences could be permutated. To address the above problems, in this paper we propose a new sequential pattern model called mutable permutation patterns. Since the Apriori property does not hold for our permutation pattern model, a novel Permu-pattern algorithm is devised to mine frequent mutable permutation patterns from sequence databases. A reachability property is identified to prune the candidate set. Last but not least, we apply the permutation pattern model to a real genome dataset to discover gene clusters, which shows the effectiveness of the model. A large amount of synthetic data is also utilized to demonstrate the efficiency of the Permu-pattern algorithm.	Permu-pattern: discovery of mutable permutation patterns with proximity constraint	NA:NA:NA	2018
Heng Huang:Chris Ding:Dijun Luo:Tao Li	Singular Value Decomposition (SVD)/Principal Component Analysis (PCA) have played a vital role in finding patterns from many datasets. Recently tensor factorization has been used for data mining and pattern recognition in high index/order data. High Order SVD (HOSVD) is a commonly used tensor factorization method and has recently been used in numerous applications like graphs, videos, social networks, etc. In this paper we prove that HOSVD does simultaneous subspace selection (data compression) and K-means clustering widely used for unsupervised learning tasks. We show how to utilize this new feature of HOSVD for clustering. We demonstrate these new results using three real and large datasets, two on face images datasets and one on hand-written digits dataset. Using this new HOSVD clustering feature we provide a dataset quality assessment on many frequently used experimental datasets with expected noise levels.	Simultaneous tensor subspace selection and clustering: the equivalence of high order svd and k-means clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Woochang Hwang:Taehyong Kim:Murali Ramanathan:Aidong Zhang	Despite the pervasiveness of networks as models for real world systems ranging from the Internet, the World Wide Web to gene regulation and scientific collaborations, only a limited number of metrics capable of characterizing these systems are available. The existing metrics for characterizing networks have broad specificity and lack the selectivity for many applications. The purpose of this paper is to identify and critically evaluate a metric, termed bridging centrality, which is highly selective for identifying bridges in networks. The properties of bridges are unique compared to the other network metrics. For a diverse range of data sets, we found that networks are highly susceptible to disruption but robust to loss structural integrity upon targeted deletion of bridging nodes. A novel graph clustering approach, termed `bridge cut', utilizing bridging edges as module boundary is also proposed. The modules identified by the bridge cut algorithm are more effective than the other graph clustering methods. Thus, bridging centrality is a network metric with unique properties that may aid in network analysis from element to group level in various areas including systems biology and national security applications.	Bridging centrality: graph mining from element level to group level	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Saara Hyvönen:Pauli Miettinen:Evimaria Terzi	A matrix decomposition expresses a matrix as a product of at least two factor matrices. Equivalently, it expresses each column of the input matrix as a linear combination of the columns in the first factor matrix. The interpretability of the decompositions is a key issue in many data-analysis tasks. We propose two new matrix-decomposition problems: the nonnegative CX and nonnegative CUR problems, that give naturally interpretable factors. They extend the recently-proposed column and column-row based decompositions, and are aimed to be used with nonnegative matrices. Our decompositions represent the input matrix as a nonnegative linear combination of a subset of its columns (or columns and rows). We present two algorithms to solve these problems and provide an extensive experimental evaluation where we assess the quality of our algorithms' results as well as the intuitiveness of nonnegative CX and CUR decompositions. We show that our algorithms return intuitive answers with smaller reconstruction errors than the previously-proposed methods for column and column-row decompositions.	Interpretable nonnegative matrix decompositions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Georgiana Ifrim:Gökhan Bakir:Gerhard Weikum	A common representation used in text categorization is the bag of words model (aka. unigram model). Learning with this particular representation involves typically some preprocessing, e.g. stopwords-removal, stemming. This results in one explicit tokenization of the corpus. In this work, we introduce a logistic regression approach where learning involves automatic tokenization. This allows us to weaken the a-priori required knowledge about the corpus and results in a tokenization with variable-length (word or character) n-grams as basic tokens. We accomplish this by solving logistic regression using gradient ascent in the space of all ngrams. We show that this can be done very efficiently using a branch and bound approach which chooses the maximum gradient ascent direction projected onto a single dimension (i.e., candidate feature). Although the space is very large, our method allows us to investigate variable-length n-gram learning. We demonstrate the efficiency of our approach compared to state-of-the-art classifiers used for text categorization such as cyclic coordinate descent logistic regression and support vector machines.	Fast logistic regression for text categorization with variable-length n-grams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tomoharu Iwata:Takeshi Yamada:Naonori Ueda	We propose a visualization method based on a topic model for discrete data such as documents. Unlike conventional visualization methods based on pairwise distances such as multi-dimensional scaling, we consider a mapping from the visualization space into the space of documents as a generative process of documents. In the model, both documents and topics are assumed to have latent coordinates in a two- or three-dimensional Euclidean space, or visualization space. The topic proportions of a document are determined by the distances between the document and the topics in the visualization space, and each word is drawn from one of the topics according to its topic proportions. A visualization, i.e. latent coordinates of documents, can be obtained by fitting the model to a given set of documents using the EM algorithm, resulting in documents with similar topics being embedded close together. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model by visualizing document and movie data sets, and quantitatively compare it with conventional visualization methods.	Probabilistic latent semantic visualization: topic model for visualizing documents	NA:NA:NA	2018
David D. Jensen:Andrew S. Fast:Brian J. Taylor:Marc E. Maier	Researchers in the social and behavioral sciences routinely rely on quasi-experimental designs to discover knowledge from large data-bases. Quasi-experimental designs (QEDs) exploit fortuitous circumstances in non-experimental data to identify situations (sometimes called "natural experiments") that provide the equivalent of experimental control and randomization. QEDs allow researchers in domains as diverse as sociology, medicine, and marketing to draw reliable inferences about causal dependencies from non-experimental data. Unfortunately, identifying and exploiting QEDs has remained a painstaking manual activity, requiring researchers to scour available databases and apply substantial knowledge of statistics. However, recent advances in the expressiveness of databases, and increases in their size and complexity, provide the necessary conditions to automatically identify QEDs. In this paper, we describe the first system to discover knowledge by applying quasi-experimental designs that were identified automatically. We demonstrate that QEDs can be identified in a traditional database schema and that such identification requires only a small number of extensions to that schema, knowledge about quasi-experimental design encoded in first-order logic, and a theorem-proving engine. We describe several key innovations necessary to enable this system, including methods for automatically constructing appropriate experimental units and for creating aggregate variables on those units. We show that applying the resulting designs can identify important causal dependencies in real domains, and we provide examples from academic publishing, movie making and marketing, and peer-production systems. Finally, we discuss the integration of QEDs with other approaches to causal discovery, including joint modeling and directed experimentation.	Automatic identification of quasi-experimental designs for discovering causal knowledge	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuiwang Ji:Lei Tang:Shipeng Yu:Jieping Ye	Multi-label problems arise in various domains such as multi-topic document categorization and protein function prediction. One natural way to deal with such problems is to construct a binary classifier for each label, resulting in a set of independent binary classification problems. Since the multiple labels share the same input space, and the semantics conveyed by different labels are usually correlated, it is essential to exploit the correlation information contained in different labels. In this paper, we consider a general framework for extracting shared structures in multi-label classification. In this framework, a common subspace is assumed to be shared among multiple labels. We show that the optimal solution to the proposed formulation can be obtained by solving a generalized eigenvalue problem, though the problem is non-convex. For high-dimensional problems, direct computation of the solution is expensive, and we develop an efficient algorithm for this case. One appealing feature of the proposed framework is that it includes several well-known algorithms as special cases, thus elucidating their intrinsic relationships. We have conducted extensive experiments on eleven multi-topic web page categorization tasks, and results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed formulation in comparison with several representative algorithms.	Extracting shared subspace for multi-label classification	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bin Jiang:Jian Pei:Xuemin Lin:David W. Cheung:Jiawei Han	Mining user preferences plays a critical role in many important applications such as customer relationship management (CRM), product and service recommendation, and marketing campaigns. In this paper, we identify an interesting and practical problem of mining user preferences: in a multidimensional space where the user preferences on some categorical attributes are unknown, from some superior and inferior examples provided by a user, can we learn about the user's preferences on those categorical attributes? We model the problem systematically and show that mining user preferences from superior and inferior examples is challenging. Although the problem has great potential in practice, to the best of our knowledge, it has not been explored systematically before. As the first attempt to tackle the problem, we propose a greedy method and show that our method is practical using real data sets and synthetic data sets.	Mining preferences from superior and inferior examples	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ruoming Jin:Muad Abu-Ata:Yang Xiang:Ning Ruan	In this paper, we propose a set of novel regression-based approaches to effectively and efficiently summarize frequent itemset patterns. Specifically, we show that the problem of minimizing the restoration error for a set of itemsets based on a probabilistic model corresponds to a non-linear regression problem. We show that under certain conditions, we can transform the nonlinear regression problem to a linear regression problem. We propose two new methods, k-regression and tree-regression, to partition the entire collection of frequent itemsets in order to minimize the restoration error. The K-regression approach, employing a K-means type clustering method, guarantees that the total restoration error achieves a local minimum. The tree-regression approach employs a decision-tree type of top-down partition process. In addition, we discuss alternatives to estimate the frequency for the collection of itemsets being covered by the k representative itemsets. The experimental evaluation on both real and synthetic datasets demonstrates that our approaches significantly improve the summarization performance in terms of both accuracy (restoration error), and computational cost.	Effective and efficient itemset pattern summarization: regression-based approaches	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
S. Sathiya Keerthi:S. Sundararajan:Kai-Wei Chang:Cho-Jui Hsieh:Chih-Jen Lin	Efficient training of direct multi-class formulations of linear Support Vector Machines is very useful in applications such as text classification with a huge number examples as well as features. This paper presents a fast dual method for this training. The main idea is to sequentially traverse through the training set and optimize the dual variables associated with one example at a time. The speed of training is enhanced further by shrinking and cooling heuristics. Experiments indicate that our method is much faster than state of the art solvers such as bundle, cutting plane and exponentiated gradient methods.	A sequential dual method for large scale multi-class linear svms	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jerry Kiernan:Evimaria Terzi	Event sequences capture system and user activity over time. Prior research on sequence mining has mostly focused on discovering local patterns. Though interesting, these patterns reveal local associations and fail to give a comprehensive summary of the entire event sequence. Moreover, the number of patterns discovered can be large. In this paper, we take an alternative approach and build short summaries that describe the entire sequence, while revealing local associations among events. We formally define the summarization problem as an optimization problem that balances between shortness of the summary and accuracy of the data description. We show that this problem can be solved optimally in polynomial time by using a combination of two dynamic-programming algorithms. We also explore more efficient greedy alternatives and demonstrate that they work well on large datasets. Experiments on both synthetic and real datasets illustrate that our algorithms are efficient and produce high-quality results, and reveal interesting local structures in the data.	Constructing comprehensive summaries of large event sequences	NA:NA	2018
Yehuda Koren	Recommender systems provide users with personalized suggestions for products or services. These systems often rely on Collaborating Filtering (CF), where past transactions are analyzed in order to establish connections between users and products. The two more successful approaches to CF are latent factor models, which directly profile both users and products, and neighborhood models, which analyze similarities between products or users. In this work we introduce some innovations to both approaches. The factor and neighborhood models can now be smoothly merged, thereby building a more accurate combined model. Further accuracy improvements are achieved by extending the models to exploit both explicit and implicit feedback by the users. The methods are tested on the Netflix data. Results are better than those previously published on that dataset. In addition, we suggest a new evaluation metric, which highlights the differences among methods, based on their performance at a top-K recommendation task.	Factorization meets the neighborhood: a multifaceted collaborative filtering model	NA	2018
Gueorgi Kossinets:Jon Kleinberg:Duncan Watts	Social networks are of interest to researchers in part because they are thought to mediate the flow of information in communities and organizations. Here we study the temporal dynamics of communication using on-line data, including e-mail communication among the faculty and staff of a large university over a two-year period. We formulate a temporal notion of "distance" in the underlying social network by measuring the minimum time required for information to spread from one node to another - a concept that draws on the notion of vector-clocks from the study of distributed computing systems. We find that such temporal measures provide structural insights that are not apparent from analyses of the pure social network topology. In particular, we define the network backbone to be the subgraph consisting of edges on which information has the potential to flow the quickest. We find that the backbone is a sparse graph with a concentration of both highly embedded edges and long-range bridges - a finding that sheds new light on the relationship between tie strength and connectivity in social networks.	The structure of information pathways in a social communication network	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hans-Peter Kriegel:Matthias Schubert:Arthur Zimek	Detecting outliers in a large set of data objects is a major data mining task aiming at finding different mechanisms responsible for different groups of objects in a data set. All existing approaches, however, are based on an assessment of distances (sometimes indirectly by assuming certain distributions) in the full-dimensional Euclidean data space. In high-dimensional data, these approaches are bound to deteriorate due to the notorious "curse of dimensionality". In this paper, we propose a novel approach named ABOD (Angle-Based Outlier Detection) and some variants assessing the variance in the angles between the difference vectors of a point to the other points. This way, the effects of the "curse of dimensionality" are alleviated compared to purely distance-based approaches. A main advantage of our new approach is that our method does not rely on any parameter selection influencing the quality of the achieved ranking. In a thorough experimental evaluation, we compare ABOD to the well-established distance-based method LOF for various artificial and a real world data set and show ABOD to perform especially well on high-dimensional data.	Angle-based outlier detection in high-dimensional data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Srivatsan Laxman:Vikram Tankasali:Ryen W. White	This paper presents a new algorithm for sequence prediction over long categorical event streams. The input to the algorithm is a set of target event types whose occurrences we wish to predict. The algorithm examines windows of events that precede occurrences of the target event types in historical data. The set of significant frequent episodes associated with each target event type is obtained based on formal connections between frequent episodes and Hidden Markov Models (HMMs). Each significant episode is associated with a specialized HMM, and a mixture of such HMMs is estimated for every target event type. The likelihoods of the current window of events, under these mixture models, are used to predict future occurrences of target events in the data. The only user-defined model parameter in the algorithm is the length of the windows of events used during model estimation. We first evaluate the algorithm on synthetic data that was generated by embedding (in varying levels of noise) patterns which are preselected to characterize occurrences of target events. We then present an application of the algorithm for predicting targeted user-behaviors from large volumes of anonymous search session interaction logs from a commercially-deployed web browser tool-bar.	Stream prediction using a generative model based on frequent episodes in event sequences	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jure Leskovec:Lars Backstrom:Ravi Kumar:Andrew Tomkins	We present a detailed study of network evolution by analyzing four large online social networks with full temporal information about node and edge arrivals. For the first time at such a large scale, we study individual node arrival and edge creation processes that collectively lead to macroscopic properties of networks. Using a methodology based on the maximum-likelihood principle, we investigate a wide variety of network formation strategies, and show that edge locality plays a critical role in evolution of networks. Our findings supplement earlier network models based on the inherently non-local preferential attachment. Based on our observations, we develop a complete model of network evolution, where nodes arrive at a prespecified rate and select their lifetimes. Each node then independently initiates edges according to a "gap" process, selecting a destination for each edge according to a simple triangle-closing model free of any parameters. We show analytically that the combination of the gap distribution with the node lifetime leads to a power law out-degree distribution that accurately reflects the true network in all four cases. Finally, we give model parameter settings that allow automatic evolution and generation of realistic synthetic networks of arbitrary scale.	Microscopic evolution of social networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lei Li:Wenjie Fu:Fan Guo:Todd C. Mowry:Christos Faloutsos	Multi-core processors with ever increasing number of cores per chip are becoming prevalent in modern parallel computing. Our goal is to make use of the multi-core as well as multi-processor architectures to speed up data mining algorithms. Specifically, we present a parallel algorithm for approximate learning of Linear Dynamical Systems (LDS), also known as Kalman Filters (KF). LDSs are widely used in time series analysis such as motion capture modeling, visual tracking etc. We propose Cut-And-Stitch (CAS), a novel method to handle the data dependencies from the chain structure of hidden variables in LDS, so as to parallelize the EM-based parameter learning algorithm. We implement the algorithm using OpenMP on both a supercomputer and a quad-core commercial desktop. The experimental results show that parallel algorithms using Cut-And-Stitch achieve comparable accuracy and almost linear speedups over the serial version. In addition, Cut-And-Stitch can be generalized to other models with similar linear structures such as Hidden Markov Models (HMM) and Switching Kalman Filters (SKF).	Cut-and-stitch: efficient parallel learning of linear dynamical systems on smps	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Charles X. Ling:Jun Du	Active learning may hold the key for solving the data scarcity problem in supervised learning, i.e., the lack of labeled data. Indeed, labeling data is a costly process, yet an active learner may request labels of only selected instances, thus reducing labeling work dramatically. Most previous works of active learning are, however, pool-based; that is, a pool of unlabeled examples is given and the learner can only select examples from the pool to query for their labels. This type of active learning has several weaknesses. In this paper we propose novel active learning algorithms that construct examples directly to query for labels. We study both a specific active learner based on the decision tree algorithm, and a general active learner that can work with any base learning algorithm. As there is no restriction on what examples to be queried, our methods are shown to often query fewer examples to reduce the predictive error quickly. This casts doubt on the usefulness of the pool in pool-based active learning. Nevertheless, our methods can be easily adapted to work with a given pool of unlabeled examples.	Active learning with direct query construction	NA:NA	2018
Xiao Ling:Wenyuan Dai:Gui-Rong Xue:Qiang Yang:Yong Yu	Traditional spectral classification has been proved to be effective in dealing with both labeled and unlabeled data when these data are from the same domain. In many real world applications, however, we wish to make use of the labeled data from one domain (called in-domain) to classify the unlabeled data in a different domain (out-of-domain). This problem often happens when obtaining labeled data in one domain is difficult while there are plenty of labeled data from a related but different domain. In general, this is a transfer learning problem where we wish to classify the unlabeled data through the labeled data even though these data are not from the same domain. In this paper, we formulate this domain-transfer learning problem under a novel spectral classification framework, where the objective function is introduced to seek consistency between the in-domain supervision and the out-of-domain intrinsic structure. Through optimization of the cost function, the label information from the in-domain data is effectively transferred to help classify the unlabeled data from the out-of-domain. We conduct extensive experiments to evaluate our method and show that our algorithm achieves significant improvements on classification performance over many state-of-the-art algorithms.	Spectral domain-transfer learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xu Ling:Qiaozhu Mei:ChengXiang Zhai:Bruce Schatz	A common task in many text mining applications is to generate a multi-faceted overview of a topic in a text collection. Such an overview not only directly serves as an informative summary of the topic, but also provides a detailed view of navigation to different facets of the topic. Existing work has cast this problem as a categorization problem and requires training examples for each facet. This has three limitations: (1) All facets are predefined, which may not fit the need of a particular user. (2) Training examples for each facet are often unavailable. (3) Such an approach only works for a predefined type of topics. In this paper, we break these limitations and study a more realistic new setup of the problem, in which we would allow a user to flexibly describe each facet with keywords for an arbitrary topic and attempt to mine a multi-faceted overview in an unsupervised way. We attempt a probabilistic approach to solve this problem. Empirical experiments on different genres of text data show that our approach can effectively generate a multi-faceted overview for arbitrary topics; the generated overviews are comparable with those generated by supervised methods with training examples. They are also more informative than unstructured flat summaries. The method is quite general, thus can be applied to multiple text mining tasks in different application domains.	Mining multi-faceted overviews of arbitrary topics in a text collection	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aurélie C. Lozano:Naoki Abe	We propose a family of novel cost-sensitive boosting methods for multi-class classification by applying the theory of gradient boosting to p-norm based cost functionals. We establish theoretical guarantees including proof of convergence and convergence rates for the proposed methods. Our theoretical treatment provides interpretations for some of the existing algorithms in terms of the proposed family, including a generalization of the costing algorithm, DSE and GBSE-t, and the Average Cost method. We also experimentally evaluate the performance of our new algorithms against existing methods of cost sensitive boosting, including AdaCost, CSB2, and AdaBoost.M2 with cost-sensitive weight initialization. We show that our proposed scheme generally achieves superior results in terms of cost minimization and, with the use of higher order p-norm loss in certain cases, consistently outperforms the comparison methods, thus establishing its empirical advantage.	Multi-class cost-sensitive boosting with p-norm loss functions	NA:NA	2018
Omid Madani:Jian Huang	In many multiclass learning scenarios, the number of classes is relatively large (thousands,...), or the space and time efficiency of the learning system can be crucial. We investigate two online update techniques especially suited to such problems. These updates share a sparsity preservation capacity: they allow for constraining the number of prediction connections that each feature can make. We show that one method, exponential moving average, is solving a "discrete" regression problem for each feature, changing the weights in the direction of minimizing the quadratic loss. We design the other method to improve a hinge loss subject to constraints, for better accuracy. We empirically explore the methods, and compare performance to previous indexing techniques, developed with the same goals, as well as other online algorithms based on prototype learning. We observe that while the classification accuracies are very promising, improving over previous indexing techniques, the scalability benefits are preserved.	On updates that constrain the features' connections during learning	NA:NA	2018
Mary McGlohon:Leman Akoglu:Christos Faloutsos	The vast majority of earlier work has focused on graphs which are both connected (typically by ignoring all but the giant connected component), and unweighted. Here we study numerous, real, weighted graphs, and report surprising discoveries on the way in which new nodes join and form links in a social network. The motivating questions were the following: How do connected components in a graph form and change over time? What happens after new nodes join a network -- how common are repeated edges? We study numerous diverse, real graphs (citation networks, networks in social media, internet traffic, and others); and make the following contributions: (a) we observe that the non-giant connected components seem to stabilize in size, (b) we observe the weights on the edges follow several power laws with surprising exponents, and (c) we propose an intuitive, generative model for graph growth that obeys observed patterns.	Weighted graphs and disconnected components: patterns and a generator	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gabriela Moise:Jörg Sander	Projected and subspace clustering algorithms search for clusters of points in subsets of attributes. Projected clustering computes several disjoint clusters, plus outliers, so that each cluster exists in its own subset of attributes. Subspace clustering enumerates clusters of points in all subsets of attributes, typically producing many overlapping clusters. One problem of existing approaches is that their objectives are stated in a way that is not independent of the particular algorithm proposed to detect such clusters. A second problem is the definition of cluster density based on user-defined parameters, which makes it hard to assess whether the reported clusters are an artifact of the algorithm or whether they actually stand out in the data in a statistical sense. We propose a novel problem formulation that aims at extracting axis-parallel regions that stand out in the data in a statistical sense. The set of axis-parallel, statistically significant regions that exist in a given data set is typically highly redundant. Therefore, we formulate the problem of representing this set through a reduced, non-redundant set of axis-parallel, statistically significant regions as an optimization problem. Exhaustive search is not a viable solution due to computational infeasibility, and we propose the approximation algorithm STATPC. Our comprehensive experimental evaluation shows that STATPC significantly outperforms existing projected and subspace clustering algorithms in terms of accuracy.	Finding non-redundant, statistically significant regions in high dimensional data: a novel approach to projected and subspace clustering	NA:NA	2018
Ramesh M. Nallapati:Amr Ahmed:Eric P. Xing:William W. Cohen	In this work, we address the problem of joint modeling of text and citations in the topic modeling framework. We present two different models called the Pairwise-Link-LDA and the Link-PLSA-LDA models. The Pairwise-Link-LDA model combines the ideas of LDA [4] and Mixed Membership Block Stochastic Models [1] and allows modeling arbitrary link structure. However, the model is computationally expensive, since it involves modeling the presence or absence of a citation (link) between every pair of documents. The second model solves this problem by assuming that the link structure is a bipartite graph. As the name indicates, Link-PLSA-LDA model combines the LDA and PLSA models into a single graphical model. Our experiments on a subset of Citeseer data show that both these models are able to predict unseen data better than the baseline model of Erosheva and Lafferty [8], by capturing the notion of topical similarity between the contents of the cited and citing documents. Our experiments on two different data sets on the link prediction task show that the Link-PLSA-LDA model performs the best on the citation prediction task, while also remaining highly scalable. In addition, we also present some interesting visualizations generated by each of the models.	Joint latent topic models for text and citations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nam Nguyen:Rich Caruana	In this paper, we address the problem of learning when some cases are fully labeled while other cases are only partially labeled, in the form of partial labels. Partial labels are represented as a set of possible labels for each training example, one of which is the correct label. We introduce a discriminative learning approach that incorporates partial label information into the conventional margin-based learning framework. The partial label learning problem is formulated as a convex quadratic optimization minimizing the L2-norm regularized empirical risk using hinge loss. We also present an efficient algorithm for classification in the presence of partial labels. Experiments with different data sets show that partial label information improves the performance of classification when there is traditional fully-labeled data, and also yields reasonable performance in the absence of any fully labeled data.	Classification with partial labels	NA:NA	2018
Dino Pedreshi:Salvatore Ruggieri:Franco Turini	In the context of civil rights law, discrimination refers to unfair or unequal treatment of people based on membership to a category or a minority, without regard to individual merit. Rules extracted from databases by data mining techniques, such as classification or association rules, when used for decision tasks such as benefit or credit approval, can be discriminatory in the above sense. In this paper, the notion of discriminatory classification rules is introduced and studied. Providing a guarantee of non-discrimination is shown to be a non trivial task. A naive approach, like taking away all discriminatory attributes, is shown to be not enough when other background knowledge is available. Our approach leads to a precise formulation of the redlining problem along with a formal result relating discriminatory rules with apparently safe ones by means of background knowledge. An empirical assessment of the results on the German credit dataset is also provided.	Discrimination-aware data mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ian Porteous:David Newman:Alexander Ihler:Arthur Asuncion:Padhraic Smyth:Max Welling	In this paper we introduce a novel collapsed Gibbs sampling method for the widely used latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) model. Our new method results in significant speedups on real world text corpora. Conventional Gibbs sampling schemes for LDA require O(K) operations per sample where K is the number of topics in the model. Our proposed method draws equivalent samples but requires on average significantly less then K operations per sample. On real-word corpora FastLDA can be as much as 8 times faster than the standard collapsed Gibbs sampler for LDA. No approximations are necessary, and we show that our fast sampling scheme produces exactly the same results as the standard (but slower) sampling scheme. Experiments on four real world data sets demonstrate speedups for a wide range of collection sizes. For the PubMed collection of over 8 million documents with a required computation time of 6 CPU months for LDA, our speedup of 5.7 can save 5 CPU months of computation.	Fast collapsed gibbs sampling for latent dirichlet allocation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hiroto Saigo:Nicole Krämer:Koji Tsuda	Attributed graphs are increasingly more common in many application domains such as chemistry, biology and text processing. A central issue in graph mining is how to collect informative subgraph patterns for a given learning task. We propose an iterative mining method based on partial least squares regression (PLS). To apply PLS to graph data, a sparse version of PLS is developed first and then it is combined with a weighted pattern mining algorithm. The mining algorithm is iteratively called with different weight vectors, creating one latent component per one mining call. Our method, graph PLS, is efficient and easy to implement, because the weight vector is updated with elementary matrix calculations. In experiments, our graph PLS algorithm showed competitive prediction accuracies in many chemical datasets and its efficiency was significantly superior to graph boosting (gBoost) and the naive method based on frequent graph mining.	Partial least squares regression for graph mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
Issei Sato:Minoru Yoshida:Hiroshi Nakagawa	We developed a model based on nonparametric Bayesian modeling for automatic discovery of semantic relationships between words taken from a corpus. It is aimed at discovering semantic knowledge about words in particular domains, which has become increasingly important with the growing use of text mining, information retrieval, and speech recognition. The subject-predicate structure is taken as a syntactic structure with the noun as the subject and the verb as the predicate. This structure is regarded as a graph structure. The generation of this graph can be modeled using the hierarchical Dirichlet process and the Pitman-Yor process. The probabilistic generative model we developed for this graph structure consists of subject-predicate structures extracted from a corpus. Evaluation of this model by measuring the performance of graph clustering based on WordNet similarities demonstrated that it outperforms other baseline models.	Knowledge discovery of semantic relationships between words using nonparametric bayesian graph model	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mukund Seshadri:Sridhar Machiraju:Ashwin Sridharan:Jean Bolot:Christos Faloutsos:Jure Leskove	We analyze a massive social network, gathered from the records of a large mobile phone operator, with more than a million users and tens of millions of calls. We examine the distributions of the number of phone calls per customer; the total talk minutes per customer; and the distinct number of calling partners per customer. We find that these distributions are skewed, and that they significantly deviate from what would be expected by power-law and lognormal distributions. To analyze our observed distributions (of number of calls, distinct call partners, and total talk time), we propose PowerTrack , a method which fits a lesser known but more suitable distribution, namely the Double Pareto LogNormal (DPLN) distribution, to our data and track its parameters over time. Using PowerTrack , we find that our graph changes over time in a way consistent with a generative process that naturally results in the DPLN distributions we observe. Furthermore, we show that this generative process lends itself to a natural and appealing social wealth interpretation in the context of social networks such as ours. We discuss the application of those results to our model and to forecasting.	Mobile call graphs: beyond power-law and lognormal distributions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qihong Shao:Yi Chen:Shu Tao:Xifeng Yan:Nikos Anerousis	IT problem management calls for quick identification of resolvers to reported problems. The efficiency of this process highly depends on ticket routing---transferring problem ticket among various expert groups in search of the right resolver to the ticket. To achieve efficient ticket routing, wise decision needs to be made at each step of ticket transfer to determine which expert group is likely to be, or to lead to the resolver. In this paper, we address the possibility of improving ticket routing efficiency by mining ticket resolution sequences alone, without accessing ticket content. To demonstrate this possibility, a Markov model is developed to statistically capture the right decisions that have been made toward problem resolution, where the order of the Markov model is carefully chosen according to the conditional entropy obtained from ticket data. We also design a search algorithm, called Variable-order Multiple active State search(VMS), that generates ticket transfer recommendations based on our model. The proposed framework is evaluated on a large set of real-world problem tickets. The results demonstrate that VMS significantly improves human decisions: Problem resolvers can often be identified with fewer ticket transfers.	Efficient ticket routing by resolution sequence mining	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Victor S. Sheng:Foster Provost:Panagiotis G. Ipeirotis	This paper addresses the repeated acquisition of labels for data items when the labeling is imperfect. We examine the improvement (or lack thereof) in data quality via repeated labeling, and focus especially on the improvement of training labels for supervised induction. With the outsourcing of small tasks becoming easier, for example via Rent-A-Coder or Amazon's Mechanical Turk, it often is possible to obtain less-than-expert labeling at low cost. With low-cost labeling, preparing the unlabeled part of the data can become considerably more expensive than labeling. We present repeated-labeling strategies of increasing complexity, and show several main results. (i) Repeated-labeling can improve label quality and model quality, but not always. (ii) When labels are noisy, repeated labeling can be preferable to single labeling even in the traditional setting where labels are not particularly cheap. (iii) As soon as the cost of processing the unlabeled data is not free, even the simple strategy of labeling everything multiple times can give considerable advantage. (iv) Repeatedly labeling a carefully chosen set of points is generally preferable, and we present a robust technique that combines different notions of uncertainty to select data points for which quality should be improved. The bottom line: the results show clearly that when labeling is not perfect, selective acquisition of multiple labels is a strategy that data miners should have in their repertoire; for certain label-quality/cost regimes, the benefit is substantial.	Get another label? improving data quality and data mining using multiple, noisy labelers	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jin Shieh:Eamonn Keogh	Current research in indexing and mining time series data has produced many interesting algorithms and representations. However, the algorithms and the size of data considered have generally not been representative of the increasingly massive datasets encountered in science, engineering, and business domains. In this work, we show how a novel multi-resolution symbolic representation can be used to index datasets which are several orders of magnitude larger than anything else considered in the literature. Our approach allows both fast exact search and ultra fast approximate search. We show how to exploit the combination of both types of search as sub-routines in data mining algorithms, allowing for the exact mining of truly massive real world datasets, containing millions of time series.	iSAX: indexing and mining terabyte sized time series	NA:NA	2018
Ka Cheung Sia:Junghoo Cho:Yun Chi:Belle L. Tseng	There is an exploding amount of user-generated content on theWeb due to the emergence of "Web 2.0" services, such as Blogger,MySpace, Flickr, and del.icio.us. The participation of a large number of users in sharing their opinion on the Web has inspired researchers to build an effective "information filter" by aggregating these independent opinions. However, given the diverse groups of users on the Web nowadays, the global aggregation of the information may not be of much interest to different groups of users. In this paper, we explore the possibility of computing personalized aggregation over the opinions expressed on the Web based on a user's indication of trust over the information sources. The hope is that by employing such "personalized" aggregation, we can make the recommendation more likely to be interesting to the users. We address the challenging scalability issues by proposing an efficient method, that utilizes two core techniques: Non-Negative Matrix Factorization and Threshold Algorithm, to compute personalized aggregations when there are potentially millions of users and millions of sources within a system. We show that, through experiments on real-life dataset, our personalized aggregation approach indeed makes a significant difference in the items that are recommended and it reduces the query computational cost significantly, often more than 75%, while the result of personalized aggregation is kept accurate enough.	Efficient computation of personal aggregate queries on blogs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
György J. Simon:Vipin Kumar:Zhi-Li Zhang	In this paper, we propose a method, where the labeling of the data set is carried out in a semi-supervised manner with user-specified guarantees about the quality of the labeling. In our scheme, we assume that for each class, we have some heuristics available, each of which can identify instances of one particular class. The heuristics are assumed to have reasonable performance but they do not need to cover all instances of the class nor do they need to be perfectly reliable. We further assume that we have an infallible expert, who is willing to manually label a few instances. The aim of the algorithm is to exploit the cluster structure of the problem, the predictions by the imperfect heuristics and the limited perfect labels provided by the expert to classify (label) the instances of the data set with guaranteed precision (specificed by the user) with regards to each class. The specified precision is not always attainable, so the algorithm is allowed to classify some instances as dontknow. The algorithm is evaluated by the number of instances labeled by the expert, the number of dontknow instances (global coverage) and the achieved quality of the labeling. On the KDD Cup Network Intrusion data set containing 500,000 instances, we managed to label 96.6% of the instances while guaranteeing a nominal precision of 90% (with 95% confidence) by having the expert label 630 instances; and by having the expert label 1200 instances, we managed to guarantee 95% nominal precision while labeling 96.4% of the data. We also provide a case study of applying our scheme to label the network traffic collected at a large campus network.	Semi-supervised approach to rapid and reliable labeling of large data sets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ajit P. Singh:Geoffrey J. Gordon	Relational learning is concerned with predicting unknown values of a relation, given a database of entities and observed relations among entities. An example of relational learning is movie rating prediction, where entities could include users, movies, genres, and actors. Relations encode users' ratings of movies, movies' genres, and actors' roles in movies. A common prediction technique given one pairwise relation, for example a #users x #movies ratings matrix, is low-rank matrix factorization. In domains with multiple relations, represented as multiple matrices, we may improve predictive accuracy by exploiting information from one relation while predicting another. To this end, we propose a collective matrix factorization model: we simultaneously factor several matrices, sharing parameters among factors when an entity participates in multiple relations. Each relation can have a different value type and error distribution; so, we allow nonlinear relationships between the parameters and outputs, using Bregman divergences to measure error. We extend standard alternating projection algorithms to our model, and derive an efficient Newton update for the projection. Furthermore, we propose stochastic optimization methods to deal with large, sparse matrices. Our model generalizes several existing matrix factorization methods, and therefore yields new large-scale optimization algorithms for these problems. Our model can handle any pairwise relational schema and a wide variety of error models. We demonstrate its efficiency, as well as the benefit of sharing parameters among relations.	Relational learning via collective matrix factorization	NA:NA	2018
Xiuyao Song:Chris Jermaine:Sanjay Ranka:John Gums	Classic mixture models assume that the prevalence of the various mixture components is fixed and does not vary over time. This presents problems for applications where the goal is to learn how complex data distributions evolve. We develop models and Bayesian learning algorithms for inferring the temporal trends of the components in a mixture model as a function of time. We show the utility of our models by applying them to the real-life problem of tracking changes in the rates of antibiotic resistance in Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus. The results show that our methods can derive meaningful temporal antibiotic resistance patterns.	A bayesian mixture model with linear regression mixing proportions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Liang Sun:Shuiwang Ji:Jieping Ye	A hypergraph is a generalization of the traditional graph in which the edges are arbitrary non-empty subsets of the vertex set. It has been applied successfully to capture high-order relations in various domains. In this paper, we propose a hypergraph spectral learning formulation for multi-label classification, where a hypergraph is constructed to exploit the correlation information among different labels. We show that the proposed formulation leads to an eigenvalue problem, which may be computationally expensive especially for large-scale problems. To reduce the computational cost, we propose an approximate formulation, which is shown to be equivalent to a least squares problem under a mild condition. Based on the approximate formulation, efficient algorithms for solving least squares problems can be applied to scale the formulation to very large data sets. In addition, existing regularization techniques for least squares can be incorporated into the model for improved generalization performance. We have conducted experiments using large-scale benchmark data sets, and experimental results show that the proposed hypergraph spectral learning formulation is effective in capturing the high-order relations in multi-label problems. Results also indicate that the approximate formulation is much more efficient than the original one, while keeping competitive classification performance.	Hypergraph spectral learning for multi-label classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lei Tang:Huan Liu:Jianping Zhang:Zohreh Nazeri	A multi-mode network typically consists of multiple heterogeneous social actors among which various types of interactions could occur. Identifying communities in a multi-mode network can help understand the structural properties of the network, address the data shortage and unbalanced problems, and assist tasks like targeted marketing and finding influential actors within or between groups. In general, a network and the membership of groups often evolve gradually. In a dynamic multi-mode network, both actor membership and interactions can evolve, which poses a challenging problem of identifying community evolution. In this work, we try to address this issue by employing the temporal information to analyze a multi-mode network. A spectral framework and its scalability issue are carefully studied. Experiments on both synthetic data and real-world large scale networks demonstrate the efficacy of our algorithm and suggest its generality in solving problems with complex relationships.	Community evolution in dynamic multi-mode networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hanghang Tong:Spiros Papadimitriou:Jimeng Sun:Philip S. Yu:Christos Faloutsos	Low-rank approximations of the adjacency matrix of a graph are essential in finding patterns (such as communities) and detecting anomalies. Additionally, it is desirable to track the low-rank structure as the graph evolves over time, efficiently and within limited storage. Real graphs typically have thousands or millions of nodes, but are usually very sparse. However, standard decompositions such as SVD do not preserve sparsity. This has led to the development of methods such as CUR and CMD, which seek a non-orthogonal basis by sampling the columns and/or rows of the sparse matrix. However, these approaches will typically produce overcomplete bases, which wastes both space and time. In this paper we propose the family of Colibri methods to deal with these challenges. Our version for static graphs, Colibri-S, iteratively finds a non-redundant basis and we prove that it has no loss of accuracy compared to the best competitors (CUR and CMD), while achieving significant savings in space and time: on real data, Colibri-S requires much less space and is orders of magnitude faster (in proportion to the square of the number of non-redundant columns). Additionally, we propose an efficient update algorithm for dynamic, time-evolving graphs, Colibri-D. Our evaluation on a large, real network traffic dataset shows that Colibri-D is over 100 times faster than the best published competitor (CMD).	Colibri: fast mining of large static and dynamic graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pedro O.S. Vaz de Melo:Virgilio A.F. Almeida:Antonio A.F. Loureiro	The United States National Basketball Association (NBA) is one of the most popular sports league in the world and is well known for moving a millionary betting market that uses the countless statistical data generated after each game to feed the wagers. This leads to the existence of a rich historical database that motivates us to discover implicit knowledge in it. In this paper, we use complex network statistics to analyze the NBA database in order to create models to represent the behavior of teams in the NBA. Results of complex network-based models are compared with box score statistics, such as points, rebounds and assists per game. We show the box score statistics play a significant role for only a small fraction of the players in the league. We then propose new models for predicting a team success based on complex network metrics, such as clustering coefficient and node degree. Complex network-based models present good results when compared to box score statistics, which underscore the importance of capturing network relationships in a community such as the NBA.	Can complex network metrics predict the behavior of NBA teams?	NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel David Walker:Eric K. Ringger	Model-based algorithms are emerging as a preferred method for document clustering. As computing resources improve, methods such as Gibbs sampling have become more common for parameter estimation in these models. Gibbs sampling is well understood for many applications, but has not been extensively studied for use in document clustering. We explore the convergence rate, the possibility of label switching, and chain summarization methodologies for document clustering on a particular model, namely a mixture of multinomials model, and show that fairly simple methods can be employed, while still producing clusterings of superior quality compared to those produced with the EM algorithm.	Model-based document clustering with a collapsed gibbs sampler	NA:NA	2018
Pu Wang:Carlotta Domeniconi	Document classification presents difficult challenges due to the sparsity and the high dimensionality of text data, and to the complex semantics of the natural language. The traditional document representation is a word-based vector (Bag of Words, or BOW), where each dimension is associated with a term of the dictionary containing all the words that appear in the corpus. Although simple and commonly used, this representation has several limitations. It is essential to embed semantic information and conceptual patterns in order to enhance the prediction capabilities of classification algorithms. In this paper, we overcome the shortages of the BOW approach by embedding background knowledge derived from Wikipedia into a semantic kernel, which is then used to enrich the representation of documents. Our empirical evaluation with real data sets demonstrates that our approach successfully achieves improved classification accuracy with respect to the BOW technique, and to other recently developed methods.	Building semantic kernels for text classification using wikipedia	NA:NA	2018
Michael L. Wick:Khashayar Rohanimanesh:Karl Schultz:Andrew McCallum	The automatic consolidation of database records from many heterogeneous sources into a single repository requires solving several information integration tasks. Although tasks such as coreference, schema matching, and canonicalization are closely related, they are most commonly studied in isolation. Systems that do tackle multiple integration problems traditionally solve each independently, allowing errors to propagate from one task to another. In this paper, we describe a discriminatively-trained model that reasons about schema matching, coreference, and canonicalization jointly. We evaluate our model on a real-world data set of people and demonstrate that simultaneously solving these tasks reduces errors over a cascaded or isolated approach. Our experiments show that a joint model is able to improve substantially over systems that either solve each task in isolation or with the conventional cascade. We demonstrate nearly a 50% error reduction for coreference and a 40% error reduction for schema matching.	A unified approach for schema matching, coreference and canonicalization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fei Wu:Raphael Hoffmann:Daniel S. Weld	Not only is Wikipedia a comprehensive source of quality information, it has several kinds of internal structure (e.g., relational summaries known as infoboxes), which enable self-supervised information extraction. While previous efforts at extraction from Wikipedia achieve high precision and recall on well-populated classes of articles, they fail in a larger number of cases, largely because incomplete articles and infrequent use of infoboxes lead to insufficient training data. This paper presents three novel techniques for increasing recall from Wikipedia's long tail of sparse classes: (1) shrinkage over an automatically-learned subsumption taxonomy, (2) a retraining technique for improving the training data, and (3) supplementing results by extracting from the broader Web. Our experiments compare design variations and show that, used in concert, these techniques increase recall by a factor of 1.76 to 8.71 while maintaining or increasing precision.	Information extraction from Wikipedia: moving down the long tail	NA:NA:NA	2018
Junjie Wu:Hui Xiong:Jian Chen	Information-theoretic clustering aims to exploit information theoretic measures as the clustering criteria. A common practice on this topic is so-called INFO-K-means, which performs K-means clustering with the KL-divergence as the proximity function. While expert efforts on INFO-K-means have shown promising results, a remaining challenge is to deal with high-dimensional sparse data. Indeed, it is possible that the centroids contain many zero-value features for high-dimensional sparse data. This leads to infinite KL-divergence values, which create a dilemma in assigning objects to the centroids during the iteration process of K-means. To meet this dilemma, in this paper, we propose a Summation-based Incremental Learning (SAIL) method for INFO-K-means clustering. Specifically, by using an equivalent objective function, SAIL replaces the computation of the KL-divergence by the computation of the Shannon entropy. This can avoid the zero-value dilemma caused by the use of the KL-divergence. Our experimental results on various real-world document data sets have shown that, with SAIL as a booster, the clustering performance of K-means can be significantly improved. Also, SAIL leads to quick convergence and a robust clustering performance on high-dimensional sparse data.	SAIL: summation-based incremental learning for information-theoretic clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shan-Hung Wu:Keng-Pei Lin:Chung-Min Chen:Ming-Syan Chen	Many practical applications of classification require the classifier to produce a very low false-positive rate. Although the Support Vector Machine (SVM) has been widely applied to these applications due to its superiority in handling high dimensional data, there are relatively little effort other than setting a threshold or changing the costs of slacks to ensure the low false-positive rate. In this paper, we propose the notion of Asymmetric Support VectorMachine (ASVM) that takes into account the false-positives and the user tolerance in its objective. Such a new objective formulation allows us to raise the confidence in predicting the positives, and therefore obtain a lower chance of false-positives. We study the effects of the parameters in ASVM objective and address some implementation issues related to the Sequential Minimal Optimization (SMO) to cope with large-scale data. An extensive simulation is conducted and shows that ASVM is able to yield either noticeable improvement in performance or reduction in training time as compared to the previous arts.	Asymmetric support vector machines: low false-positive learning under the user tolerance	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yang Xiang:Ruoming Jin:David Fuhry:Feodor F. Dragan	Transactional data are ubiquitous. Several methods, including frequent itemsets mining and co-clustering, have been proposed to analyze transactional databases. In this work, we propose a new research problem to succinctly summarize transactional databases. Solving this problem requires linking the high level structure of the database to a potentially huge number of frequent itemsets. We formulate this problem as a set covering problem using overlapped hyperrectangles; we then prove that this problem and its several variations are NP-hard. We develop an approximation algorithm HYPER which can achieve a ln(k) + 1 approximation ratio in polynomial time. We propose a pruning strategy that can significantly speed up the processing of our algorithm. Additionally, we propose an efficient algorithm to further summarize the set of hyperrectangles by allowing false positive conditions. A detailed study using both real and synthetic datasets shows the effectiveness and efficiency of our approaches in summarizing transactional databases.	Succinct summarization of transactional databases: an overlapped hyperrectangle scheme	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yabo Xu:Ke Wang:Ada Wai-Chee Fu:Philip S. Yu	This paper considers the problem of publishing "transaction data" for research purposes. Each transaction is an arbitrary set of items chosen from a large universe. Detailed transaction data provides an electronic image of one's life. This has two implications. One, transaction data are excellent candidates for data mining research. Two, use of transaction data would raise serious concerns over individual privacy. Therefore, before transaction data is released for data mining, it must be made anonymous so that data subjects cannot be re-identified. The challenge is that transaction data has no structure and can be extremely high dimensional. Traditional anonymization methods lose too much information on such data. To date, there has been no satisfactory privacy notion and solution proposed for anonymizing transaction data. This paper proposes one way to address this issue.	Anonymizing transaction databases for publication	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jian Yang:Ning Zhong:Yiyu Yao:Jue Wang	Peculiarity oriented mining (POM), aiming to discover peculiarity rules hidden in a dataset, is a new data mining method. In the past few years, many results and applications on POM have been reported. However, there is still a lack of theoretical analysis. In this paper, we prove that the peculiarity factor (PF), one of the most important concepts in POM, can accurately characterize the peculiarity of data with respect to the probability density function of a normal distribution, but is unsuitable for more general distributions. Thus, we propose the concept of local peculiarity factor (LPF). It is proved that the LPF has the same ability as the PF for a normal distribution and is the so-called µ-sensitive peculiarity description for general distributions. To demonstrate the effectiveness of the LPF, we apply it to outlier detection problems and give a new outlier detection algorithm called LPF-Outlier. Experimental results show that LPF-Outlier is an effective outlier detection algorithm.	Local peculiarity factor and its application in outlier detection	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Luh Yen:Marco Saerens:Amin Mantrach:Masashi Shimbo	This work introduces a new family of link-based dissimilarity measures between nodes of a weighted directed graph. This measure, called the randomized shortest-path (RSP) dissimilarity, depends on a parameter θ and has the interesting property of reducing, on one end, to the standard shortest-path distance when θ is large and, on the other end, to the commute-time (or resistance) distance when θ is small (near zero). Intuitively, it corresponds to the expected cost incurred by a random walker in order to reach a destination node from a starting node while maintaining a constant entropy (related to θ) spread in the graph. The parameter θ is therefore biasing gradually the simple random walk on the graph towards the shortest-path policy. By adopting a statistical physics approach and computing a sum over all the possible paths (discrete path integral), it is shown that the RSP dissimilarity from every node to a particular node of interest can be computed efficiently by solving two linear systems of n equations, where n is the number of nodes. On the other hand, the dissimilarity between every couple of nodes is obtained by inverting an n x n matrix. The proposed measure can be used for various graph mining tasks such as computing betweenness centrality, finding dense communities, etc, as shown in the experimental section.	A family of dissimilarity measures between nodes generalizing both the shortest-path and the commute-time distances	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chun-Nam John Yu:Thorsten Joachims	Discriminative training for structured outputs has found increasing applications in areas such as natural language processing, bioinformatics, information retrieval, and computer vision. Focusing on large-margin methods, the most general (in terms of loss function and model structure) training algorithms known to date are based on cutting-plane approaches. While these algorithms are very efficient for linear models, their training complexity becomes quadratic in the number of examples when kernels are used. To overcome this bottleneck, we propose new training algorithms that use approximate cutting planes and random sampling to enable efficient training with kernels. We prove that these algorithms have improved time complexity while providing approximation guarantees. In empirical evaluations, our algorithms produced solutions with training and test error rates close to those of exact solvers. Even on binary classification problems where highly optimized conventional training methods exist (e.g. SVM-light), our methods are about an order of magnitude faster than conventional training methods on large datasets, while remaining competitive in speed on datasets of medium size.	Training structural svms with kernels using sampled cuts	NA:NA	2018
Lei Yu:Chris Ding:Steven Loscalzo	Many feature selection algorithms have been proposed in the past focusing on improving classification accuracy. In this work, we point out the importance of stable feature selection for knowledge discovery from high-dimensional data, and identify two causes of instability of feature selection algorithms: selection of a minimum subset without redundant features and small sample size. We propose a general framework for stable feature selection which emphasizes both good generalization and stability of feature selection results. The framework identifies dense feature groups based on kernel density estimation and treats features in each dense group as a coherent entity for feature selection. An efficient algorithm DRAGS (Dense Relevant Attribute Group Selector) is developed under this framework. We also introduce a general measure for assessing the stability of feature selection algorithms. Our empirical study based on microarray data verifies that dense feature groups remain stable under random sample hold out, and the DRAGS algorithm is effective in identifying a set of feature groups which exhibit both high classification accuracy and stability.	Stable feature selection via dense feature groups	NA:NA:NA	2018
Peng Zhang:Xingquan Zhu:Yong Shi	Mining concept drifting data streams is a defining challenge for data mining research. Recent years have seen a large body of work on detecting changes and building prediction models from stream data, with a vague understanding on the types of the concept drifting and the impact of different types of concept drifting on the mining algorithms. In this paper, we first categorize concept drifting into two scenarios: Loose Concept Drifting (LCD) and Rigorous Concept Drifting (RCD), and then propose solutions to handle each of them separately. For LCD data streams, because concepts in adjacent data chunks are sufficiently close to each other, we apply kernel mean matching (KMM) method to minimize the discrepancy of the data chunks in the kernel space. Such a minimization process will produce weighted instances to build classifier ensemble and handle concept drifting data streams. For RCD data streams, because genuine concepts in adjacent data chunks may randomly and rapidly change, we propose a new Optimal Weights Adjustment (OWA) method to determine the optimum weight values for classifiers trained from the most recent (up-to-date) data chunk, such that those classifiers can form an accurate classifier ensemble to predict instances in the yet-to-come data chunk. Experiments on synthetic and real-world datasets will show that weighted instance approach is preferable when the concept drifting is mainly caused by the changing of the class prior probability; whereas the weighted classifier approach is preferable when the concept drifting is mainly triggered by the changing of the conditional probability.	Categorizing and mining concept drifting data streams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiang Zhang:Fei Zou:Wei Wang	Studying the association between quantitative phenotype (such as height or weight) and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) is an important problem in biology. To understand underlying mechanisms of complex phenotypes, it is often necessary to consider joint genetic effects across multiple SNPs. ANOVA (analysis of variance) test is routinely used in association study. Important findings from studying gene-gene (SNP-pair) interactions are appearing in the literature. However, the number of SNPs can be up to millions. Evaluating joint effects of SNPs is a challenging task even for SNP-pairs. Moreover, with large number of SNPs correlated, permutation procedure is preferred over simple Bonferroni correction for properly controlling family-wise error rate and retaining mapping power, which dramatically increases the computational cost of association study. In this paper, we study the problem of finding SNP-pairs that have significant associations with a given quantitative phenotype. We propose an efficient algorithm, FastANOVA, for performing ANOVA tests on SNP-pairs in a batch mode, which also supports large permutation test. We derive an upper bound of SNP-pair ANOVA test, which can be expressed as the sum of two terms. The first term is based on single-SNP ANOVA test. The second term is based on the SNPs and independent of any phenotype permutation. Furthermore, SNP-pairs can be organized into groups, each of which shares a common upper bound. This allows for maximum reuse of intermediate computation, efficient upper bound estimation, and effective SNP-pair pruning. Consequently, FastANOVA only needs to perform the ANOVA test on a small number of candidate SNP-pairs without the risk of missing any significant ones. Extensive experiments demonstrate that FastANOVA is orders of magnitude faster than the brute-force implementation of ANOVA tests on all SNP pairs.	Fastanova: an efficient algorithm for genome-wide association study	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bin Zhao:Fei Wang:Changshui Zhang	Semi-supervised support vector machine (S3VM) attempts to learn a decision boundary that traverses through low data density regions by maximizing the margin over labeled and unlabeled examples. Traditionally, S3VM is formulated as a non-convex integer programming problem and is thus difficult to solve. In this paper, we propose the cutting plane semi-supervised support vector machine (CutS3VM) algorithm, to solve the S3VM problem. Specifically, we construct a nested sequence of successively tighter relaxations of the original S3VM problem, and each optimization problem in this sequence could be efficiently solved using the constrained concave-convex procedure (CCCP). Moreover, we prove theoretically that the CutS3VM algorithm takes time O(sn) to converge with guaranteed accuracy, where n is the total number of samples in the dataset and s is the average number of non-zero features, i.e. the sparsity. Experimental evaluations on several real world datasets show that CutS3VM performs better than existing S3VM methods, both in efficiency and accuracy.	Cuts3vm: a fast semi-supervised svm algorithm	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zheng Zhao:Jiangxin Wang:Huan Liu:Jieping Ye:Yung Chang	Selection of genes that are differentially expressed and critical to a particular biological process has been a major challenge in post-array analysis. Recent development in bioinformatics has made various data sources available such as mRNA and miRNA expression profiles, biological pathway and gene annotation, etc. Efficient and effective integration of multiple data sources helps enrich our knowledge about the involved samples and genes for selecting genes bearing significant biological relevance. In this work, we studied a novel problem of multi-source gene selection: given multiple heterogeneous data sources (or data sets), select genes from expression profiles by integrating information from various data sources. We investigated how to effectively employ information contained in multiple data sources to extract an intrinsic global geometric pattern and use it in covariance analysis for gene selection. We designed and conducted experiments to systematically compare the proposed approach with representative methods in terms of statistical and biological significance, and showed the efficacy and potential of the proposed approach with promising findings.	Identifying biologically relevant genes via multiple heterogeneous data sources	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wenjun Zhou:Hui Xiong	Recent years have witnessed increased interest in computing strongly correlated pairs in very large databases. Most previous studies have been focused on static data sets. However, in real-world applications, input data are often dynamic and must continually be updated. With such large and growing data sets, new research efforts are expected to develop an incremental solution for correlation computing. Along this line, in this paper, we propose a CHECK-POINT algorithm that can efficiently incorporate new transactions for correlation computing as they become available. Specifically, we set a checkpoint to establish a computation buffer, which can help us determine an upper bound for the correlation. This checkpoint bound can be exploited to identify a list of candidate pairs, which will be maintained and computed for correlations as new transactions are added into the database. However, if the total number of new transactions is beyond the buffer size, a new upper bound is computed by the new checkpoint and a new list of candidate pairs is identified. Experimental results on real-world data sets show that CHECK-POINT can significantly reduce the correlation computing cost in dynamic data sets and has the advantage of compacting the use of memory space.	Volatile correlation computation: a checkpoint view	NA:NA	2018
Shyam Boriah:Vipin Kumar:Michael Steinbach:Christopher Potter:Steven Klooster	The study of land cover change is an important problem in the Earth Science domain because of its impacts on local climate, radiation balance, biogeochemistry, hydrology, and the diversity and abundance of terrestrial species. Most well-known change detection techniques from statistics, signal processing and control theory are not well-suited for the massive high-dimensional spatio-temporal data sets from Earth Science due to limitations such as high computational complexity and the inability to take advantage of seasonality and spatio-temporal autocorrelation inherent in Earth Science data. In our work, we seek to address these challenges with new change detection techniques that are based on data mining approaches. Specifically, in this paper we have performed a case study for a new change detection technique for the land cover change detection problem. We study land cover change in the state of California, focusing on the San Francisco Bay Area and perform an extended study on the entire state. We also perform a comparative evaluation on forests in the entire state. These results demonstrate the utility of data mining techniques for the land cover change detection problem.	Land cover change detection: a case study	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mohamed Bouguessa:Benoît Dumoulin:Shengrui Wang	We consider the problem of identifying authoritative users in Yahoo! Answers. A common approach is to use link analysis techniques in order to provide a ranked list of users based on their degree of authority. A major problem for such an approach is determining how many users should be chosen as authoritative from a ranked list. To address this problem, we propose a method for automatic identification of authoritative actors. In our approach, we propose to model the authority scores of users as a mixture of gamma distributions. The number of components in the mixture is estimated by the Bayesian Information Criterion (BIC) while the parameters of each component are estimated using the Expectation-Maximization (EM) algorithm. This method allows us to automatically discriminate between authoritative and non-authoritative users. The suitability of our proposal is demonstrated in an empirical study using datasets from Yahoo! Answers.	Identifying authoritative actors in question-answering forums: the case of Yahoo! answers	NA:NA:NA	2018
Huanhuan Cao:Daxin Jiang:Jian Pei:Qi He:Zhen Liao:Enhong Chen:Hang Li	Query suggestion plays an important role in improving the usability of search engines. Although some recently proposed methods can make meaningful query suggestions by mining query patterns from search logs, none of them are context-aware - they do not take into account the immediately preceding queries as context in query suggestion. In this paper, we propose a novel context-aware query suggestion approach which is in two steps. In the offine model-learning step, to address data sparseness, queries are summarized into concepts by clustering a click-through bipartite. Then, from session data a concept sequence suffix tree is constructed as the query suggestion model. In the online query suggestion step, a user's search context is captured by mapping the query sequence submitted by the user to a sequence of concepts. By looking up the context in the concept sequence sufix tree, our approach suggests queries to the user in a context-aware manner. We test our approach on a large-scale search log of a commercial search engine containing 1:8 billion search queries, 2:6 billion clicks, and 840 million query sessions. The experimental results clearly show that our approach outperforms two baseline methods in both coverage and quality of suggestions.	Context-aware query suggestion by mining click-through and session data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christine H. Chih:Douglass S. Parker	Research in visualization often revolves around visualizing information. However, visualization is a process that extends over time from initial exploration to hypothesis confirmation, and even to result presentation. It is rare that the final phases of visualization are solely about information. In this paper we present a more biased kind of visualization, in which there is a message or set of assumptions behind the presentation that is of interest to both the presenter and the viewer, and emphasizes points that the presenter wants to convey to the viewer. This kind of persuasive visualization -- presenting data in a way that emphasizes a point or message -- is not only common in visualization, but also often expected by the viewer. Persuasive visualization is implicit in the deliberate emphasis on interestingness and also in the deliberate use of graphical elements that are processed preattentively by the human visual system, which automatically groups these elements and guiding attention so that they "stand out". We discuss how these ideas have been implemented in the Morpherspective system for automated generation of information graphics.	The persuasive phase of visualization	NA:NA	2018
Richard Chow:Philippe Golle:Jessica Staddon	Detecting inferences in documents is critical for ensuring privacy when sharing information. In this paper, we propose a refined and practical model of inference detection using a reference corpus. Our model is inspired by association rule mining: inferences are based on word co-occurrences. Using the model and taking the Web as the reference corpus, we can find inferences and measure their strength through web-mining algorithms that leverage search engines such as Google or Yahoo!. Our model also includes the important case of private corpora, to model inference detection in enterprise settings in which there is a large private document repository. We find inferences in private corpora by using analogues of our Web-mining algorithms, relying on an index for the corpus rather than a Web search engine. We present results from two experiments. The first experiment demonstrates the performance of our techniques in identifying all the keywords that allow for inference of a particular topic (e.g. "HIV") with confidence above a certain threshold. The second experiment uses the public Enron e-mail dataset. We postulate a sensitive topic and use the Enron corpus and the Web together to find inferences for the topic. These experiments demonstrate that our techniques are practical, and that our model of inference based on word co-occurrence is well-suited to efficient inference detection.	Detecting privacy leaks using corpus-based association rules	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ying Cui:Jennifer G. Dy:Gregory C. Sharp:Brian M. Alexander:Steve B. Jiang	In an idealized gated radiotherapy treatment, radiation is delivered only when the tumor is at the right position. For gated lung cancer radiotherapy, it is difficult to generate accurate gating signals due to the large uncertainties when using external surrogates and the risk of pneumothorax when using implanted fiducial markers. In this paper, we investigate machine learning algorithms for markerless gated radiotherapy with fluoroscopic images. Previous approach utilizes template matching to localize the tumor position. Here, we investigate two ways to improve the precision of tumor target localization by applying: (1) an ensemble of templates where the representative templates are selected by Gaussian mixture clustering, and (2) a support vector machine (SVM) classifier with radial basis kernels. Template matching only considers images inside the gating window, but images outside the gating window might provide additional information. We take advantage of both states and re-cast the gating problem into a classification problem. Thus, we are able to use the SVM classifier for gated radiotherapy. To verify the effectiveness of the two proposed techniques, we apply them on five sequences of fluoroscopic images from five lung cancer patients against the gating signal of manually contoured tumors as ground truth. Our five-patient case study shows that both ensemble template matching and SVM are reasonable tools for image-guided markerless gated radiotherapy with an average of approximately 95% precision in terms of delivered target dose at approximately 35% duty cycle.	Learning methods for lung tumor markerless gating in image-guided radiotherapy	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shantanu Godbole:Shourya Roy	Text classification has matured as a research discipline over the last decade. Independently, business intelligence over structured databases has long been a source of insights for enterprises. In this work, we bring the two together for Customer Satisfaction(C-Sat) analysis in the services industry. We present ITACS, a solution combining text classification and business intelligence integrated with a novel interactive text labeling interface. ITACS has been deployed in multiple client accounts in contact centers. It can be extended to any services industry setting to analyze unstructured text data and derive operational and business insights. We highlight importance of interactivity in real-life text classification settings. We bring out some unique research challenges about label-sets, measuring accuracy, and interpretability that need serious attention in both academic and industrial research. We recount invaluable experiences and lessons learned as data mining researchers working toward seeing research technology deployed in the services industry.	Text classification, business intelligence, and interactivity: automating C-Sat analysis for services industry	NA:NA	2018
Robert Grossman:Yunhong Gu	We describe the design and implementation of a high performance cloud that we have used to archive, analyze and mine large distributed data sets. By a cloud, we mean an infrastructure that provides resources and/or services over the Internet. A storage cloud provides storage services, while a compute cloud provides compute services. We describe the design of the Sector storage cloud and how it provides the storage services required by the Sphere compute cloud. We also describe the programming paradigm supported by the Sphere compute cloud. Sector and Sphere are designed for analyzing large data sets using computer clusters connected with wide area high performance networks (for example, 10+ Gb/s). We describe a distributed data mining application that we have developed using Sector and Sphere. Finally, we describe some experimental studies comparing Sector/Sphere to Hadoop.	Data mining using high performance data clouds: experimental studies using sector and sphere	NA:NA	2018
Shen-Shyang Ho:Ashit Talukder	Current techniques for cyclone detection and tracking employ NCEP (National Centers for Environmental Prediction) models from in-situ measurements. This solution does not provide true global coverage, unlike remote satellite observations. However it is impractical to use a single Earth orbiting satellite to detect and track events such as cyclones in a continuous manner due to limited spatial and temporal coverage. One solution to alleviate such persistent problems is to utilize heterogeneous sensor data from multiple orbiting satellites. However, this solution requires overcoming other new challenges such as varying spatial and temporal resolution between satellite sensor data, the need to establish correspondence between features from different satellite sensors, and the lack of definitive indicators for cyclone events in some sensor data. We describe an automated cyclone discovery and tracking approach using heterogeneous near real-time sensor data from multiple satellites. This approach addresses the unique challenges associated with knowledge discovery and mining from heterogeneous satellite data streams. We consider two remote sensor measurements in our current implementation, namely: QuikSCAT wind satellite measurements, and merged precipitation data from TRMM and other satellites. More satellites will be incorporated in the near future and our solution is sufficiently powerful that it generalizes to multiple sensor measurement modalities. Our approach consists of three main components: (i) feature extraction from each sensor measurement, (ii) an ensemble classifier for cyclone discovery, and (iii) knowledge sharing between the different remote sensor measurements based on a linear Kalman filter for predictive cyclone tracking. Experimental results on historical hurricane datasets demonstrate the superior performance of our approach compared to previous work.	Automated cyclone discovery and tracking using knowledge sharing in multiple heterogeneous satellite data	NA:NA	2018
Noam Koenigstein:Yuval Shavitt:Tomer Tankel	Record label companies would like to identify potential artists as early as possible in their careers, before other companies approach the artists with competing contracts. The vast number of candidates makes the process of identifying the ones with high success potential time consuming and laborious. This paper demonstrates how datamining of P2P query strings can be used in order to mechanize most of this detection process. Using a unique intercepting system over the Gnutella network, we were able to capture an unprecedented amount of geographically identified (geo-aware) queries, allowing us to investigate the diffusion of music related queries in time and space. Our solution is based on the observation that emerging artists, especially rappers, have a discernible stronghold of fans in their hometown area, where they are able to perform and market their music. In a file sharing network, this is reflected as a delta function spatial distribution of content queries. Using this observation, we devised a detection algorithm for emerging artists, that looks for performers with sharp increase in popularity in a small geographic region though still unnoticable nation wide. The algorithm can suggest a short list of artists with breakthrough potential, from which we showed that about 30% translate the potential to national success.	Spotting out emerging artists using geo-aware analysis of P2P query strings	NA:NA:NA	2018
Prem Melville:Saharon Rosset:Richard D. Lawrence	We consider the problem of predicting the likelihood that a company will purchase a new product from a seller. The statistical models we have developed at IBM for this purpose rely on historical transaction data coupled with structured firmographic information like the company revenue, number of employees and so on. In this paper, we extend this methodology to include additional text-based features based on analysis of the content on each company's website. Empirical results demonstrate that incorporating such web content can significantly improve customer targeting. Furthermore, we present methods to actively select only the web content that is likely to improve our models, while reducing the costs of acquisition and processing.	Customer targeting models using actively-selected web content	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fabian Mörchen:Mathäus Dejori:Dmitriy Fradkin:Julien Etienne:Bernd Wachmann:Markus Bundschus	The BioJournalMonitor is a decision support system for the analysis of trends and topics in the biomedical literature. Its main goal is to identify potential diagnostic and therapeutic biomarkers for specific diseases. Several data sources are continuously integrated to provide the user with up-to-date information on current research in this field. State-of-the-art text mining technologies are deployed to provide added value on top of the original content, including named entity detection, relation extraction, classification, clustering, ranking, summarization, and visualization. We present two novel technologies that are related to the analysis of temporal dynamics of text archives and associated ontologies. Currently, the MeSH ontology is used to annotate the scientific articles entering the PubMed database with medical terms. Both the maintenance of the ontology as well as the annotation of new articles is performed largely manually. We describe how probabilistic topic models can be used to annotate recent articles with the most likely MeSH terms. This provides our users with a competitive advantage because, when searching for MeSH terms, articles are found long before they are manually annotated. We further present a study on how to predict the inclusion of new terms in the MeSH ontology. The results suggest that early prediction of emerging trends is possible. The trend ranking functions are deployed in our system to enable interactive searches for the hottest new trends relating to a disease.	Anticipating annotations and emerging trends in biomedical literature	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
G. Niklas Norén:Andrew Bate:Johan Hopstadius:Kristina Star:I. Ralph Edwards	We introduce a novel pattern discovery methodology for event history data focusing explicitly on the detailed temporal relationship between pairs of events. At the core is a graphical statistical approach to summarising and visualising event history data, which contrasts the observed to the expected incidence of the event of interest before and after an index event. Thus, pattern discovery is not restricted to a specific time window of interest, but encompasses extended parts of the underlying event histories. In order to effectively screen large collections of event history data for interesting temporal relationships, we introduce a new measure of temporal association. The proposed measure contrasts the observed-to-expected ratio in a time period of interest to that in a pre-defined control period. An important feature of both the observed-to-expected graph itself and the measure of association, is a statistical shrinkage towards the null hypothesis of no association. This provides protection against spurious associations and is an extension of the statistical shrinkage successfully applied to large-scale screening for associations between events in cross-sectional data, such as large collections of adverse drug reaction reports. We demonstrate the usefulness of the proposed pattern discovery methodology by a set of examples from a collection of over two million patient records in the United Kingdom. The identified patterns include temporal relationships between drug prescription and medical events suggestive of persistent or transient risks of adverse events, as well as temporal relationships between prescriptions of different drugs.	Temporal pattern discovery for trends and transient effects: its application to patient records	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nish Parikh:Neel Sundaresan	In large scale online systems like Search, eCommerce, or social network applications, user queries represent an important dimension of activities that can be used to study the impact on the system, and even the business. In this paper, we describe how to detect, characterize and classify bursts in user queries in a large scale eCommerce system. We build upon the approaches discussed in KDD 2002 "Bursty and Hierarchical Structure in Streams" [3] and apply them to a high volume industrial context. We describe how to identify bursts on a near real-time basis, classify them, and apply them to build interesting merchandizing applications.	Scalable and near real-time burst detection from eCommerce queries	NA:NA	2018
Renuka Sindhgatta	We are interested in identifying the domain expertise of developers of a software system. A developer gains expertise on the code base as well as the domain of the software system he/she develops. This information forms a useful input in allocating software implementation tasks to developers. Domain concepts represented by the system are discovered by taking into account the linguistic information available in the source code. The vocabulary contained in source code as identifiers such as class, method, variable names and comments are extracted. Concepts present in the code base are identified and grouped based on a well known text processing hypothesis - words are similar to the extent to which they share similar words. The developer's association with the source code and the concepts it represents is arrived at using the version repository information. In this line, the analysis first derives documents from source code by discarding all the programming language constructs. KMeans clustering is further used to cluster documents and extract closely related concepts. The key concepts present in the documents authored by the developer determine his/her domain expertise. To validate our approach we apply it on large software systems, two of which are presented in detail in this paper.	Identifying domain expertise of developers from source code	NA	2018
Jie Tang:Jing Zhang:Limin Yao:Juanzi Li:Li Zhang:Zhong Su	This paper addresses several key issues in the ArnetMiner system, which aims at extracting and mining academic social networks. Specifically, the system focuses on: 1) Extracting researcher profiles automatically from the Web; 2) Integrating the publication data into the network from existing digital libraries; 3) Modeling the entire academic network; and 4) Providing search services for the academic network. So far, 448,470 researcher profiles have been extracted using a unified tagging approach. We integrate publications from online Web databases and propose a probabilistic framework to deal with the name ambiguity problem. Furthermore, we propose a unified modeling approach to simultaneously model topical aspects of papers, authors, and publication venues. Search services such as expertise search and people association search have been provided based on the modeling results. In this paper, we describe the architecture and main features of the system. We also present the empirical evaluation of the proposed methods.	ArnetMiner: extraction and mining of academic social networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leonardo Weiss Ferreira Chaves:Erik Buchmann:Klemens Böhm	Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) promises optimization of commodity flows in all industry segments. But due to physical constraints, RFID technology cannot detect all RFID tags from an assembly of items. This poses problems when integrating RFID data with enterprise-backend systems for tasks like inventory management or shelf replenishment. In this paper we propose the TagMark method to accomplish this integration. TagMark targets at a retailer scenario, where it estimates the number of tagged items from samples like the sales history or the tags read by smart shelves. The problem is challenging because most existing estimation methods depend on assumptions that do not hold in typical RFID applications, e.g., static item sets, simple random samples, or the availability of samples with user-defined sizes. TagMark adapts mark-recapture-methods in order to provide guarantees for the accuracy of the estimation and bounds for the sample sizes. It can be implemented as a database extension, allowing seamless integration into existing enterprise backend systems. A study with RFID-equipped goods acknowledges that our approach is effective in realistic scenarios, and database experiments with up to 1,000,000 items confirm that it can be efficiently implemented. Finally, we explore a broad range of extreme conditions that might stress TagMark, including a thief who knows the location of unread items.	Tagmark: reliable estimations of RFID tags for business processes	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gang Wu:Brendan Kitts	Online Ad Servers attempt to find best ads to serve for a given triggering user event. The performance of ads may be measured in several ways. We suggest a formulation in which the ad network tries to maximize revenue subject to relevance constraints. We describe several algorithms for ad selection and review their complexity. We tested these algorithms using Microsoft ad network from October 1 2006 to February 8 2007. Over 3 billion impressions, 8 million combinations of triggers with ads, and a number of algorithms were tested over this period. We discover curious differences between ad-servers aimed at revenue versus clickthrough rate.	Experimental comparison of scalable online ad serving	NA:NA	2018
Xintian Yang:Sitaram Asur:Srinivasan Parthasarathy:Sameep Mehta	In this article we describe a visual-analytic tool for the interrogation of evolving interaction network data such as those found in social, bibliometric, WWW and biological applications. The tool we have developed incorporates common visualization paradigms such as zooming, coarsening and filtering while naturally integrating information extracted by a previously described event-driven framework for characterizing the evolution of such networks. The visual front-end provides features that are specifically useful in the analysis of interaction networks, capturing the dynamic nature of both individual entities as well as interactions among them. The tool provides the user with the option of selecting multiple views, designed to capture different aspects of the evolving graph from the perspective of a node, a community or a subset of nodes of interest. Standard visual templates and cues are used to highlight critical changes that have occurred during the evolution of the network. A key challenge we address in this work is that of scalability - handling large graphs both in terms of the efficiency of the back-end, and in terms of the efficiency of the visual layout and rendering. Two case studies based on bibliometric and Wikipedia data are presented to demonstrate the utility of the toolkit for visual knowledge discovery.	A visual-analytic toolkit for dynamic interaction graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jieping Ye:Kewei Chen:Teresa Wu:Jing Li:Zheng Zhao:Rinkal Patel:Min Bae:Ravi Janardan:Huan Liu:Gene Alexander:Eric Reiman	Effective diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease (AD) is of primary importance in biomedical research. Recent studies have demonstrated that neuroimaging parameters are sensitive and consistent measures of AD. In addition, genetic and demographic information have also been successfully used for detecting the onset and progression of AD. The research so far has mainly focused on studying one type of data source only. It is expected that the integration of heterogeneous data (neuroimages, demographic, and genetic measures) will improve the prediction accuracy and enhance knowledge discovery from the data, such as the detection of biomarkers. In this paper, we propose to integrate heterogeneous data for AD prediction based on a kernel method. We further extend the kernel framework for selecting features (biomarkers) from heterogeneous data sources. The proposed method is applied to a collection of MRI data from 59 normal healthy controls and 59 AD patients. The MRI data are pre-processed using tensor factorization. In this study, we treat the complementary voxel-based data and region of interest (ROI) data from MRI as two data sources, and attempt to integrate the complementary information by the proposed method. Experimental results show that the integration of multiple data sources leads to a considerable improvement in the prediction accuracy. Results also show that the proposed algorithm identifies biomarkers that play more significant roles than others in AD diagnosis.	Heterogeneous data fusion for alzheimer's disease study	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shipeng Yu:Glenn Fung:Romer Rosales:Sriram Krishnan:R. Bharat Rao:Cary Dehing-Oberije:Philippe Lambin	Privacy-preserving data mining (PPDM) is an emergent research area that addresses the incorporation of privacy preserving concerns to data mining techniques. In this paper we propose a privacy-preserving (PP) Cox model for survival analysis, and consider a real clinical setting where the data is horizontally distributed among different institutions. The proposed model is based on linearly projecting the data to a lower dimensional space through an optimal mapping obtained by solving a linear programming problem. Our approach differs from the commonly used random projection approach since it instead finds a projection that is optimal at preserving the properties of the data that are important for the specific problem at hand. Since our proposed approach produces an sparse mapping, it also generates a PP mapping that not only projects the data to a lower dimensional space but it also depends on a smaller subset of the original features (it provides explicit feature selection). Real data from several European healthcare institutions are used to test our model for survival prediction of non-small-cell lung cancer patients. These results are also confirmed using publicly available benchmark datasets. Our experimental results show that we are able to achieve a near-optimal performance without directly sharing the data across different data sources. This model makes it possible to conduct large-scale multi-centric survival analysis without violating privacy-preserving requirements.	Privacy-preserving cox regression for survival analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sai Zeng:Prem Melville:Christian A. Lang:Ioana Boier-Martin:Conrad Murphy	It is commonly agreed that accounts receivable (AR) can be a source of financial difficulty for firms when they are not efficiently managed and are underperforming. Experience across multiple industries shows that effective management of AR and overall financial performance of firms are positively correlated. In this paper we address the problem of reducing outstanding receivables through improvements in the collections strategy. Specifically, we demonstrate how supervised learning can be used to build models for predicting the payment outcomes of newly-created invoices, thus enabling customized collection actions tailored for each invoice or customer. Our models can predict with high accuracy if an invoice will be paid on time or not and can provide estimates of the magnitude of the delay. We illustrate our techniques in the context of real-world transaction data from multiple firms. Finally, simulation results show that our approach can reduce collection time up to a factor of four compared to a baseline that is not model-driven.	Using predictive analysis to improve invoice-to-cash collection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi Zhang:Arun C. Surendran:John C. Platt:Mukund Narasimhan	Contextual advertising on web pages has become very popular recently and it poses its own set of unique text mining challenges. Often advertisers wish to either target (or avoid) some specific content on web pages which may appear only in a small part of the page. Learning for these targeting tasks is difficult since most training pages are multi-topic and need expensive human labeling at the sub-document level for accurate training. In this paper we investigate ways to learn for sub-document classification when only page level labels are available - these labels only indicate if the relevant content exists in the given page or not. We propose the application of multiple-instance learning to this task to improve the effectiveness of traditional methods. We apply sub-document classification to two different problems in contextual advertising. One is "sensitive content detection" where the advertiser wants to avoid content relating to war, violence, pornography, etc. even if they occur only in a small part of a page. The second problem involves opinion mining from review sites - the advertiser wants to detect and avoid negative opinion about their product when positive, negative and neutral sentiments co-exist on a page. In both these scenarios we present experimental results to show that our proposed system is able to get good block level labeling for free and improve the performance of traditional learning methods.	Learning from multi-topic web documents for contextual advertisement	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ravi Kumar:Alexander Tuzhilin:Christos Faloutsos:David Jensen:Gueorgi Kossinets:Jure Leskovec:Andrew Tomkins	By now, online social networks have become an indispensable part of both online and offline lives of human beings. A large fraction of time spent online by a user is directly influence by the social networks to which he/she belongs. This calls for a deeper examination of social networks as large-scale dynamic objects that foster efficient person-person interaction. The goal of our panel is to discuss social networks from various research angles. In particular, we plan to focus on the following broad research-related topics: large scale data mining, algorithmic questions, sociological aspects, privacy, web search, etc. We will also discuss the business and societal impacts of social networks. Each of these topics has generated a lot of research in recent years and while taking stock of what has been done, we will also be discussing the directions in which these topics are headed, from both science and society points of view. Our panel will consist of eminent researchers, who have worked/been working on an eclectic and diverse mix of problems in social networks	Social networks: looking ahead	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hendrik Blockeel:Toon Calders:Elisa Fromont:Bart Goethals:Adriana Prado:Céline Robardet	We present a prototype of an inductive database. Our system enables the user to query not only the data stored in the database but also generalizations (e.g. rules or trees) over these data through the use of virtual mining views. The mining views are relational tables that virtually contain the complete output of data mining algorithms executed over a given dataset. The prototype implemented into PostgreSQL currently integrates frequent itemset, association rule and decision tree mining. We illustrate the interactive and iterative capabilities of our system with a description of a complete data mining scenario.	An inductive database prototype based on virtual mining views	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Peter Christen	Matching records that refer to the same entity across data-bases is becoming an increasingly important part of many data mining projects, as often data from multiple sources needs to be matched in order to enrich data or improve its quality. Significant advances in record linkage techniques have been made in recent years. However, many new techniques are either implemented in research proof-of-concept systems only, or they are hidden within expensive 'black box' commercial software. This makes it difficult for both researchers and practitioners to experiment with new record linkage techniques, and to compare existing techniques with new ones. The Febrl (Freely Extensible Biomedical Record Linkage) system aims to fill this gap. It contains many recently developed techniques for data cleaning, deduplication and record linkage, and encapsulates them into a graphical user interface (GUI). Febrl thus allows even inexperienced users to learn and experiment with both traditional and new record linkage techniques. Because Febrl is written in Python and its source code is available, it is fairly easy to integrate new record linkage techniques into it. Therefore, Febrl can be seen as a tool that allows researchers to compare various existing record linkage techniques with their own ones, enabling the record linkage research community to conduct their work more efficiently. Additionally, Febrl is suitable as a training tool for new record linkage users, and it can also be used for practical linkage projects with data sets that contain up to several hundred thousand records.	Febrl -: an open source data cleaning, deduplication and record linkage system with a graphical user interface	NA	2018
Luigi Di Caro:K. Selçuk Candan:Maria Luisa Sapino	We present the tagFlake system, which supports semantically informed navigation within a tag cloud. tagFlake relies on TMine for organizing tags extracted from textual content in hierarchical organizations, suitable for navigation, visualization, classification, and tracking. TMine extracts the most significant tag/terms from text documents and maps them onto a hierarchy in such a way that descendant terms are contextually dependent on their ancestors within the given corpus of documents. This provides tagFlake with a mechanism for enabling navigation within the tag space and for classification of the text documents based on the contextual structure captured by the created hierarchy. tagFlake is language neutral, since it does not rely on any natural language processing technique and is unsupervised.	Using tagflake for condensing navigable tag hierarchies from tag clouds	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shantanu Godbole:Shourya Roy	Text classification has matured well as a research discipline over the years. At the same time, business intelligence over databases has long been a source of insights for enterprises. With the growing importance of the services industry, customer relationship management and contact center operations have become very important. Specifically, the voice of the customer and customer satisfaction (C-Sat) have emerged as invaluable sources of insights about how an enterprise's products and services are percieved by customers. In this demonstration, we present the IBM Technology to Automate Customer Satisfaction analysis (ITACS) system that combines text classification technology, and a business intelligence solution along with an interactive document labeling interface for automating C-Sat analysis. This system has been successfully deployed in client accounts in large contact centers and can be extended to any services industry setting for analyzing unstructured text data. This demonstration will highlight the importance of intervention and interactivity in real-world text classification settings. We will point out unique research challenges in this domain regarding label-sets, measuring accuracy, and interpretability of results and we will discuss solutions and open questions.	An integrated system for automatic customer satisfaction analysis in the services industry	NA:NA	2018
Ming Hua:Jian Pei	In some applications such as filling in a customer information form on the web, some missing values may not be explicitly represented as such, but instead appear as potentially valid data values. Such missing values are known as disguised missing data, which may impair the quality of data analysis severely. The very limited previous studies on cleaning disguised missing data highly rely on domain background knowledge in specific applications and may not work well for the cases where the disguise values are inliers. Recently, we have studied the problem of cleaning disguised missing data systematically, and proposed an effective heuristic approach [2]. In this paper, we present a demonstration of DiMaC, a Disguised Missing Data Cleaning tool which can find the frequently used disguise values in data sets without any domain background knowledge. In this demo, we will show (1) the critical techniques of finding suspicious disguise values; (2) the architecture and user interface of DiMaC system; (3) an empirical case study on both real and synthetic data sets, which verifies the effectiveness and the efficiency of the techniques; and (4) some challenges arising from real applications and several direction for future work.	DiMaC: a disguised missing data cleaning tool	NA:NA	2018
Evangelos E. Kotsifakos:Irene Ntoutsi:Yannis Vrahoritis:Yannis Theodoridis	This demo presents Pattern-Miner, an integrated environment for pattern management and mining that deals with the whole lifecycle of patterns, from their generation (using data mining techniques) to their storage and querying, putting also emphasis on the comparison between patterns and meta-mining operations over the extracted patterns. Pattern comparison (comparing results of the data mining process) and meta-mining are high level pattern operations that can be applied in a variety of applications, from database change management to image comparison and retrieval.	Pattern-Miner: integrated management and mining over data mining models	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongyan Liu:Hui Yang:Wenbo Li:Wei Wei:Jun He:Xiaoyong Du	In this paper, we present a system called CRO (Chinese Review Observer) for online product review structurization. By Structurization, we mean identifying, extracting and summarizing information from unstructured review text to a structured table. The core tasks include review collection, product feature and user opinion extraction, and polarity analysis of opinions. Existing research in this area is mainly English text oriented. To deal with Chinese effectively, we propose several novel approaches for fulfilling the core tasks. Then we integrated these approaches and implement the whole procedure of review structurization in the system CRO. Running results for reviews of real products show its performance is satisfactory.	CRO: a system for online review structurization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Emmanuel Müller:Ira Assent:Ralph Krieger:Timm Jansen:Thomas Seidl	Data mining techniques extract interesting patterns out of large data resources. Meaningful visualization and interactive exploration of patterns are crucial for knowledge discovery. Visualization techniques exist for traditional clustering in low dimensional spaces. In high dimensional data, clusters typically only exist in subspace projections. This subspace clustering, however, lacks interactive visualization tools. Challenges arise from typically large result sets in different subspace projections that hinder comparability, visualization and understandability. In this work, we describe Morpheus, a tool that supports the knowledge discovery process through visualization and interactive exploration of subspace clusterings. Users may browse an overview of the entire subspace clustering, analyze subspace cluster characteristics in-depth and zoom into object groupings. Bracketing of different parameter settings enables users to immediately see the effects of parameters and to provide feedback to further improve the subspace clustering. Furthermore, Morpheus may serve as a teaching and exploration tool for the data mining community to visually assess different subspace clustering paradigms.	Morpheus: interactive exploration of subspace clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hill Nguyen:Nish Parikh:Neel Sundaresan	In this paper, we present an outline of a software system for buzz-based recommendations. This system is based on a large source of queries in an eCommerce application. The buzz events are detected based on query bursts linked to external entities like news and inventory information. A semantic neighborhood of the chosen buzz query is selected and appropriate recommendations are made on products that relate to this neighborhood. The system follows the paradigm of limited quantity merchandizing, in the sense that on a per-day basis the system shows recommendations around a single buzz query with the intent of increasing user curiosity and promoting user activity and stickiness. The system demonstrates the deployment of an interesting application based on KDD principles applied to a high volume industrial context.	A software system for buzz-based recommendations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuyi Zheng:Matthew R. Scott:Ruihua Song:Ji-Rong Wen	We present a demonstration of an interactive wrapper induction system, called Pictor, which is able to minimize labeling cost, yet extract data with high accuracy from a website. Our demonstration will introduce two proposed technologies: record-level wrappers and a wrapper-assisted labeling strategy. These approaches allow Pictor to exploit previously generated wrappers, in order to predict similar labels in a partially labeled webpage or a completely new webpage. Our experiment results show the effectiveness of the Pictor system.	Pictor: an interactive system for importing data from a website	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Karsten Michael Borgwardt:Xifeng Yan	NA	Graph Mining and Graph Kernels	NA:NA	2018
Jiawei Han:Jae-Gil Lee:Hector Gonzalez:Xiaolei Li	NA	Mining Massive RFID, Trajectory, and Traffic Data Sets	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nitin Agarwal:Huan Liu	NA	Blogosphere: Research Issues, Applications, and Tools	NA:NA	2018
