Kwan Hui Lim:Jeffrey Chan	Personalized itinerary recommendation is a complex and time-consuming problem, due to the need to recommend popular attractions that are aligned to the interest preferences of a tourist, and to plan these attraction visits as an itinerary that has to be completed within a specific time limit. Furthermore, many existing itinerary recommendation systems do not automatically determine and consider queuing times at attractions in the recommended itinerary, which varies based on the time of visit to the attraction, e.g., longer queuing times at peak hours. To solve these challenges, we propose the PersQ algorithm for recommending personalized itineraries that take into consideration attraction popularity, user interests and queuing times. We also implement a framework that utilizes geo-tagged photos to derive attraction popularity, user interests and queuing times, which PersQ uses to recommend personalized and queue-aware itineraries. We demonstrate the effectiveness of PersQ in the context of five major theme parks, based on a Flickr dataset spanning nine years. Experimental results show that PersQ outperforms various state-of-the-art baselines, in terms of various queuing-time related metrics, itinerary popularity, user interest alignment, recall, precision and F1-score.	Personalized Itinerary Recommendation with Queuing Time Awareness	The University of Melbourne, Parkville, Australia:The University of Melbourne, Parkville, Australia	2017	SIGKDD
Rodger Benham	Search engines with a loyal user-base face the difficult task of improving overall effectiveness while maintaining the quality of existing work-flows. Risk-sensitive evaluation tools are designed to address that task, but, they currently do not support inference over multiple baselines. Our research objectives are to: 1) Survey and revisit risk evaluation, taking into account frequentist and Bayesian inference approaches for comparing against multiple baselines; 2) Apply that new approach, evaluating a novel web search technique that leverages previously run queries to improve the effectiveness of a new user query; and 3) Explore how risk-sensitive component interactions affect end-to-end effectiveness in a search pipeline.	Evaluating Risk-Sensitive Text Retrieval	RMIT University, Melbourne, Australia	2019	WWW
Elaheh Alipour Chavary:Sarah M. Erfani:Christopher Leckie	Extracting knowledge from the massive volumes of network traffic is an important challenge in network and security management. In particular, network managers require concise reports about significant changes in their network traffic. While most existing techniques focus on summarizing a single traffic dataset, the problem of finding significant differences between multiple datasets is an open challenge. In this paper, we focus on finding important differences between network traffic datasets, and preparing a summarized and interpretable report for security managers. We propose the use of contrast pattern mining, which finds patterns whose support differs significantly from one dataset to another. We show that contrast patterns are highly effective at extracting meaningful changes in traffic data. We also propose several evaluation metrics that reflect the interpretability of patterns for security managers. Our experimental results show that with the proposed unsupervised approach, the vast majority of extracted patterns are pure, i.e., most changes are either attack traffic or normal traffic, but not a mixture of both.	Summarizing Significant Changes in Network Traffic Using Contrast Pattern Mining	University of Melbourne, Melbourne, Australia:University of Melbourne, Melbourne, Australia:University of Melbourne, Melbourne, Australia	2017	CIKM
Wen-Huang Cheng:David Gotz	Sensemaking tasks require users to perform complex research behaviors to gather and comprehend information from many sources. Such tasks are common and include, for example, researching vacation destinations or deciding how to invest. In this paper, we present an algorithm and interface that provides context-based page unit recommendation to assist in connection discovery during sensemaking tasks. We exploit the natural note-taking activity common to sensemaking behavior as the basis for a task-specific context model. Each web page visited by a user is dynamically analyzed to determine the most relevant content fragments which are then recommended to the user. Our initial evaluations indicate that our approach improves user performance.	Context-based page unit recommendation for web-basedsensemaking tasks	National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan Roc:IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Hawthorne, NY, USA	2008i	WWW
Pavel Dmitriev:Carl Lagoze:Boris Suchkov	In recent years, many algorithms for the Web have been developed that work with information units distinct from individual web pages. These include segments of web pages or aggregation of web pages into web communities. Using these logical information units has been shown to improve the performance of many web algorithms. In this paper, we focus on a type of logical information units called compound documents. We argue that the ability to identify compound documents can improve information retrieval, automatic metadata generation, and navigation on the Web. We propose a unified framework for identifying the boundaries of compound documents, which combines both structural and content features of constituent web pages. The framework is based on a combination of machine learning and clustering algorithms, with the former algorithm supervising the latter one. Experiments on a collection of educational web sites show that our approach can reliably identify most of the compound documents on these sites.	Finding the boundaries of information resources on the web	Cornell University, Ithaca, NY:Cornell University, Ithaca, NY:Cornell University, Ithaca, NY	2005	SIGKDD
