Theresa-Marie Rhyne:Nicholas (Nick) Bazarian:Jose Echevarria:Michael J. Murdoch:Danielle Feinberg	Designing and capturing a color scheme for a digital media composition is an important step in the creation pipeline. Whether it is an immersive experience, animation or visualization, color selection is key to conveying the message or story. In this panel, we assemble a group of color experts, aka "Color Mavens," to convey and define color appearance and colorization methods. Each panelist represents a particular color advice approach whether it includes a recommended set of guidelines for color appearance, suggested color schemes, a tool for color capture, an application for color palette creation or tips from colorization experiences. Each panelist will highlight their methods with a team discussion about optimal colorization approaches to follow. The panel will also identify gaps in our understanding about the use of color in digital media composition as well as identifying future application and research directions.	Color mavens advise on digital media creation and tools: SIGGRAPH 2018 panel	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dmytro Korolov:Doug Roble:Jean-Charles Bazin:Renaldas Zioma:Rob Pieke:Jeff Kember:David Luebke	This panel discusses trends and prospects for using AI tools in the VFX pipeline. Panel experts will talk about the current AI tools that work in the industry, give answers to questions and their vision of their technology development.	Future of artificial intelligence and deep learning tools for VFX	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ryan Ulyate:David Bianciardi:Judith Crow:Greg Hermanovic	Twenty years ago in Orlando The Interactive Dance Club (IDC) brought together the SIGGRAPH community in a grand social experiment. For four nights conference attendees gathered to participate in creating a dynamic confluence of music, computer graphics and lighting - all driven by those who danced. Computers were big and expensive back then! There were no iPhones, no bluetooth, no wearables lighter than a small car. So why were we crazy enough to think we could pull this off? To what lengths did we go to make this happen?	Interactive dance club '98: a legend in the making!	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Matt Pharr:Brent Burley:Per Christensen:Marcos Fajardo:Luca Fascione:Christopher Kulla	Over the past decade, production rendering has moved from primarily using Reyes-based algorithms to being based on path tracing and physically based approaches. The developers of five of the most significant production renderers have each recently written comprehensive systems papers on their renderers, describing the challenges of modern production rendering and the systems they have respectively built to solve them. In May 2018, these papers were published in a special issue of ACM Transactions on Graphics. In this panel, the developers of these renderers will go into depth on how the challenges of production rendering have influenced the systems they've built and how they have developed new techniques to make path tracing viable in practice. These systems are remarkably varied in some of their core design decisions; the panelists will also compare and contrast their own design decisions with respect to topics like precomputation versus runtime computation, RGB versus spectral rendering, and out-of-core rendering versus requiring scene geometry to fit into memory.	Design and implementation of modern production renderers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Henry Fuchs:Ivan E. Sutherland:Robert F. Sproull:Charles L. Seitz:Frederick P. Brooks:H. Quintin Foster, Jr.	NA	[email protected]: celebrating ivan sutherland's 1968 head-mounted 3D display system	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pol Jeremias-Vila:Kim Libreri:Guido Quaroni:Natalya Tatarchuk:Damien Fagnou	The movie frames we see when watching films today are typically generated using an offline renderer, which could take multiple hours per frame to produce. This time-consuming process makes previewing content difficult, so creators have worked around this issue by utilizing real-time graphics to iterate their content more efficiently. While real-time graphics could be used for previewing, the level of quality had not yet reached the standards needed for a final movie frame. However, over the years, the previews generated by real-time graphics have gotten more refined and have even enabled pre-visualizations using virtual reality. This provides even more context to creative minds. In addition to the ever growing use of real-time graphics, the quality of technology has improved, potentially allowing for the generation of final frames, that can start to look like a movie. This panel will bring together engineers, artists and executives representing various areas of expertise to provide information about how real-time graphics are being used in multiple studios today. They will also describe some of their challenges and how they foresee the future of real-time graphics in film.	The present and future of real-time graphics in film	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Wiebe:Jason Fotter:Dan Wexler:Panos Zompolas:Phil Peterson	The Visual Effects industry is presently grappling with how to best take advantage of cloud computing, a technology which has transformed the practice of software in many industries. The ability to treat the provisioning and configuration of render farm hardware with the flexibility of software is highly attractive, but the learning curve can be challenging to juggle with busy production schedules. Fully managed web services have also taken hold in some parts of the production pipeline, with more likely to come. Software vendors creating web services need to enable studios with the right combination of security, backwards compatibility, ease of use, and programmability, so they may adopt these technologies without interrupting their Visual Effects production. In this panel, we will discuss current usage of cloud computing in Visual Effects, how it is trending, and how it interacts with other factors like the growth of VFX-oriented open source software. Studios range in their use of render farms from full on-premises setups through hybrid setups blending their premises with the cloud to all-in cloud rendering. We will explore how fast internet connections and efficient streaming desktop technology are enabling full end-to-end production to move to the cloud with Zero Client workstations. Our panel consists of a diverse group of technologists, representing both Visual Effects studios and the creators of software for the industry.	Visual effects in the age of the cloud	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
