Koki Nagano:Jaewoo Seo:Kyle San:Aaron Hong:Mclean Goldwhite:Jun Xing:Stuti Rastogi:Jiale Kuang:Aviral Agarwal:Hanwei Kung:Caleb Arthur:Carrie Sun:Stephen Chen:Jens Fursund:Hao Li	A deep learning-based technology for generating photo-realistic 3D avatars with dynamic facial textures from a single input image is presented. Real-time performance-driven animations and renderings are demonstrated on an iPhone X and we show how these avatars can be integrated into compelling virtual worlds and used for 3D chats.	Deep learning-based photoreal avatars for online virtual worlds in iOS	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Cory Strassberger:Remco Sikkema	Kite & Lighting reveals how Xsens inertial mocap technology, used in tandem with an iPhone X, can be used for full body and facial performance capture - wirelessly and without the need for a mocap volume - with the results live-streamed to Autodesk Maya in real time.	Democratising mocap: real-time full-performance motion capture with an iPhone X, Xsens, and Maya	NA:NA	2018
Sam Glassenberg:Matthew Yaeger	Enter Gastro Ex for on smartphones and VR. The entire environment surrounding you is interactable and "squishy," featuring advanced soft-body physics and 3D interactive fluid dynamics. Grab anything. Cut anything. Inject anywhere. Unleash argon plasma. Enjoy emergent surgical gameplay, rendered with breathtaking real-time GI and subsurface scattering.	Gastro Ex: real-time interactive fluids and soft tissues on mobile and VR	NA:NA	2018
Tobias Soffner:Christopher Baumbach	IKEA Immerse is available in select IKEA stores in Germany. This application enables consumers to create, experience, and share their own configurations in a virtual living and kitchen room set. With seamless e-commerce integration, a high level of detail, and real-time interaction, the VR experience represents an engaging, valuable touch-point.	IKEA immerse interior designer	NA:NA	2018
Taehyun Rhee:Andrew Chalmers:Ian Loh:Ben Allen:Lohit Petikam:Stephen Thompson:Tom Revill	An interactive mixed reality system using live streamed 360° panoramic videos is presented. A live demo for real-time image-based lighting, light detection, mixed reality rendering, and composition of 3D objects into a live-streamed 360° video of a real-world environment with dynamically changing real-world lights is shown.	Mixed reality 360 live: live blending of virtual objects into 360° streamed video	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chris Harvey:Mike Blomkamp:Isabelle Riva:Neill Blomkamp	Come see how Oats Studios modified their traditional VFX pipeline to create the breakthrough real-time shorts ADAM Chapter 2 & 3 using Photogrammetry, Alembic, and the Unity real-time engine.	Oats studios VFX workflow for real-time production with photogrammetry, alembic, and unity	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jean-Colas Prunier:Armelle Bauer:Yvain Raeymaekers:Stephane Tayeb	PocketStudio is designed to allow filmmakers to easily create, play, and stream 3D animation sequences in real time using real-time collaborative editing, a unified workflow, and other real-time technologies, such as augmented reality.	The power of real-time collaborative filmmaking	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gavin Moran:Mohen Leo	Epic Games, Nvidia, and ILMxLAB would like to present 2018's GDC demo, "Reflections," set in the "Star Wars" universe. In addition, we will record a character performance live using virtual production/virtual reality directly into Unreal Engine Sequencer, and then play the demo with real-time ray tracing live at 24fps.	The 'reflections' ray-tracing demo presented in real time and captured live using virtual production techniques	NA:NA	2018
Francesco Giordana:Veselin Efremov:Gael Sourimant:Silvia Rasheva:Natasha Tatarchuk:Callum James	We demonstrate a Unity-powered virtual production platform that pushes the boundaries of real-time technologies to empower filmmakers with full multi-user collaboration and live manipulation of whole environments and characters. Special attention is dedicated to high-quality real-time graphics, as evidenced by Unity's "Book of the Dead."	Virtual production in 'book of the dead': technicolor's genesis platform, powered by unity	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
