Richard Clegg:Richard Hoover:Chris McLaughlin	35 years after the release of the original "Blade Runner" film, the visual effects teams behind "Blade Runner 2049" were tasked with the challenge of crafting a dystopian world in the next phase of one of the most-beloved sci-fi films of all time. Set 30 years after the first film, the sequel follows a new blade runner as he unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. From the creation of the LA cityscapes, Las Vegas, and Trash Mesa environments to the development of a holographic Joi and the return of Rachael, join the filmmakers from DNEG, Framestore, and MPC as they discuss their Academy-Award winning work that paid tribute to the original picture while creating a film of the future.	DNEG, framestore, and MPC present: the visual effects of "Blade Runner 2049"	NA:NA:NA	2018
Thomas Hullin:Isabelle Langlois	In this production session, we will share our story of working on the legendary show, "Game of Thrones, "since the series' fourth season, detailing the learnings and knowledge we have gained from our multi-season experience on the groundbreaking show. We will go in depth on two of season 7's most intense sequences, starting from the concept art and working through the processes that got us to the final shots.	"Game of Thrones" season 7: orchestrating sea battles and blowing up a big wall	NA:NA	2018
Ian Failes:Rob Bredow:Matt Estela:Mark Hodgkins:Michael Kaschalk:Andy Hayes	In 1996, SideFX released Houdini version 1.0, bringing the power of procedural methods to visual effects artists around the world. This year, more than two decades since Houdini's original release, SideFX was awarded a Scientific and Technical Academy Award of Merit to recognize its continual innovation and dedication to visual effects artists.	Generations of Houdini in film	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rob Bredow:Patrick Tubach:Greg Kegel:Joseph Kasparian	Join the visual effects team as they take you behind the scenes on one of 2018's biggest films. The team will showcase the innovative shooting techniques developed for the film and the unique collaboration with Director Ron Howard that allowed this chapter in the Star Wars universe to be brought to the screen. The team will also pull back the curtain on how they took old school methodologies and combined them with cutting edge technologies to create the film's groundbreaking visual effects work.	Making the kessel run in less than 12 parsecs: the VFX of "Soloa: Star Wars Story"	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mahyar Abousaeedi:Beth Albright:Evan Bonifacio:Chris Burrows:Gordon Cameron:Ralph Eggleston:Nathan Fariss:Fran Kalal:Paul Kanyuk:Ted Mathot:Philip Metschan:Tom Nettleship:Bret Parker:Darwyn Peachey:Reid Sandros:Rick Sayre:Stephen Schaffer:Erik Smitt:Esdras Varagnolo:Bill Watral:Bill Wise	In a conversation that will not only span multiple disciplines, but also multiple years of technological advancement at Pixar, the team behind "Incredibles 2" - many of whom also worked on the first film - will compare and contrast the filmmaking process then and now. With a sequel, there's always the challenge of making a film true to the original, yet different in every detail. In building the world of "Incredibles 2" the team tackled one of the most technically daunting films in Pixar's canon, all while needing it to hue to the familiar tone established by the first film. Hear from this super group as they examine how they used the past to inform the present and, incredibly, achieved the near-impossible.	The Incredibles 2: suit up, it might get weird!	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Grady Cofer:David Shirk:David Dally:Scott Meadows:Ryan Magid	In this deep dive into Steven Spielberg's "Ready Player One" teams from Industrial Light & Magic and Digital Domain will showcase the break through virtual production techniques and technology deployed for the film and the visual effects involved in bringing the film's dystopian vision of life in 2045 to the screen. In addition, the teams will delve into the immense artistic and technical challenges of designing, building and animating every aspect of the expansive virtual universe known as the OASIS.	Three keys to creating the world of "ready player one" visual effects & virtual production	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
