Adam Finkelstein	NA	Session details: Drawing, painting & stylization	NA	2018
Yong Jae Lee:C. Lawrence Zitnick:Michael F. Cohen	We present ShadowDraw, a system for guiding the freeform drawing of objects. As the user draws, ShadowDraw dynamically updates a shadow image underlying the user's strokes. The shadows are suggestive of object contours that guide the user as they continue drawing. This paradigm is similar to tracing, with two major differences. First, we do not provide a single image from which the user can trace; rather ShadowDraw automatically blends relevant images from a large database to construct the shadows. Second, the system dynamically adapts to the user's drawings in real-time and produces suggestions accordingly. ShadowDraw works by efficiently matching local edge patches between the query, constructed from the current drawing, and a database of images. A hashing technique enforces both local and global similarity and provides sufficient speed for interactive feedback. Shadows are created by aggregating the edge maps from the best database matches, spatially weighted by their match scores. We test our approach with human subjects and show comparisons between the drawings that were produced with and without the system. The results show that our system produces more realistically proportioned line drawings.	ShadowDraw: real-time user guidance for freehand drawing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Johannes Schmid:Martin Sebastian Senn:Markus Gross:Robert W. Sumner	We present a technique to generalize the 2D painting metaphor to 3D that allows the artist to treat the full 3D space as a canvas. Strokes painted in the 2D viewport window must be embedded in 3D space in a way that gives creative freedom to the artist while maintaining an acceptable level of controllability. We address this challenge by proposing a canvas concept defined implicitly by a 3D scalar field. The artist shapes the implicit canvas by creating approximate 3D proxy geometry. An optimization procedure is then used to embed painted strokes in space by satisfying different objective criteria defined on the scalar field. This functionality allows us to implement tools for painting along level set surfaces or across different level sets. Our method gives the power of fine-tuning the implicit canvas to the artist using a unified painting/sculpting metaphor. A sculpting tool can be used to paint into the implicit canvas. Rather than adding color, this tool creates a local change in the scalar field that results in outward or inward protrusions along the field's gradient direction. We address a visibility ambiguity inherent in 3D stroke rendering with a depth offsetting method that is well suited for hardware acceleration. We demonstrate results with a number of 3D paintings that exhibit effects difficult to realize with existing systems.	OverCoat: an implicit canvas for 3D painting	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Derek Nowrouzezahrai:Jared Johnson:Andrew Selle:Dylan Lacewell:Michael Kaschalk:Wojciech Jarosz	We present a method for generating art-directable volumetric effects, ranging from physically-accurate to non-physical results. Our system mimics the way experienced artists think about volumetric effects by using an intuitive lighting primitive, and decoupling the modeling and shading of this primitive. To accomplish this, we generalize the physically-based photon beams method to allow arbitrarily programmable simulation and shading phases. This provides an intuitive design space for artists to rapidly explore a wide range of physically-based as well as plausible, but exaggerated, volumetric effects. We integrate our approach into a real-world production pipeline and couple our volumetric effects to surface shading.	A programmable system for artistic volumetric lighting	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Kass:Davide Pesare	A wide variety of non-photorealistic rendering techniques make use of random variation in the placement or appearance of primitives. In order to avoid the "shower-door" effect, this random variation should move with the objects in the scene. Here we present coherent noise tailored to this purpose. We compute the coherent noise with a specialized filter that uses the depth and velocity fields of a source sequence. The computation is fast and suitable for interactive applications like games.	Coherent noise for non-photorealistic rendering	NA:NA	2018
Karen Liu	NA	Session details: Capturing & modeling humans	NA	2018
Takaaki Shiratori:Hyun Soo Park:Leonid Sigal:Yaser Sheikh:Jessica K. Hodgins	Motion capture technology generally requires that recordings be performed in a laboratory or closed stage setting with controlled lighting. This restriction precludes the capture of motions that require an outdoor setting or the traversal of large areas. In this paper, we present the theory and practice of using body-mounted cameras to reconstruct the motion of a subject. Outward-looking cameras are attached to the limbs of the subject, and the joint angles and root pose are estimated through non-linear optimization. The optimization objective function incorporates terms for image matching error and temporal continuity of motion. Structure-from-motion is used to estimate the skeleton structure and to provide initialization for the non-linear optimization procedure. Global motion is estimated and drift is controlled by matching the captured set of videos to reference imagery. We show results in settings where capture would be difficult or impossible with traditional motion capture systems, including walking outside and swinging on monkey bars. The quality of the motion reconstruction is evaluated by comparing our results against motion capture data produced by a commercially available optical system.	Motion capture from body-mounted cameras	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Feng Xu:Yebin Liu:Carsten Stoll:James Tompkin:Gaurav Bharaj:Qionghai Dai:Hans-Peter Seidel:Jan Kautz:Christian Theobalt	We present a method to synthesize plausible video sequences of humans according to user-defined body motions and viewpoints. We first capture a small database of multi-view video sequences of an actor performing various basic motions. This database needs to be captured only once and serves as the input to our synthesis algorithm. We then apply a marker-less model-based performance capture approach to the entire database to obtain pose and geometry of the actor in each database frame. To create novel video sequences of the actor from the database, a user animates a 3D human skeleton with novel motion and viewpoints. Our technique then synthesizes a realistic video sequence of the actor performing the specified motion based only on the initial database. The first key component of our approach is a new efficient retrieval strategy to find appropriate spatio-temporally coherent database frames from which to synthesize target video frames. The second key component is a warping-based texture synthesis approach that uses the retrieved most-similar database frames to synthesize spatio-temporally coherent target video frames. For instance, this enables us to easily create video sequences of actors performing dangerous stunts without them being placed in harm's way. We show through a variety of result videos and a user study that we can synthesize realistic videos of people, even if the target motions and camera views are different from the database content.	Video-based characters: creating new human performances from a multi-view video database	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tom Funkhouser	NA	Session details: Understanding shapes	NA	2018
Maks Ovsjanikov:Wilmot Li:Leonidas Guibas:Niloy J. Mitra	As large public repositories of 3D shapes continue to grow, the amount of shape variability in such collections also increases, both in terms of the number of different classes of shapes, as well as the geometric variability of shapes within each class. While this gives users more choice for shape selection, it can be difficult to explore large collections and understand the range of variations amongst the shapes. Exploration is particularly challenging for public shape repositories, which are often only loosely tagged and contain neither point-based nor part-based correspondences. In this paper, we present a method for discovering and exploring continuous variability in a collection of 3D shapes without correspondences. Our method is based on a novel navigation interface that allows users to explore a collection of related shapes by deforming a base template shape through a set of intuitive deformation controls. We also help the user to select the most meaningful deformations using a novel technique for learning shape variability in terms of deformations of the template. Our technique assumes that the set of shapes lies near a low-dimensional manifold in a certain descriptor space, which allows us to avoid establishing correspondences between shapes, while being rotation and scaling invariant. We present results on several shape collections taken directly from public repositories.	Exploration of continuous variability in collections of 3D shapes	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Matthew Fisher:Manolis Savva:Pat Hanrahan	Modeling virtual environments is a time consuming and expensive task that is becoming increasingly popular for both professional and casual artists. The model density and complexity of the scenes representing these virtual environments is rising rapidly. This trend suggests that data-mining a 3D scene corpus could be a very powerful tool enabling more efficient scene design. In this paper, we show how to represent scenes as graphs that encode models and their semantic relationships. We then define a kernel between these relationship graphs that compares common virtual substructures in two graphs and captures the similarity between their corresponding scenes. We apply this framework to several scene modeling problems, such as finding similar scenes, relevance feedback, and context-based model search. We show that incorporating structural relationships allows our method to provide a more relevant set of results when compared against previous approaches to model context search.	Characterizing structural relationships in scenes using graph kernels	NA:NA:NA	2018
Siddhartha Chaudhuri:Evangelos Kalogerakis:Leonidas Guibas:Vladlen Koltun	Assembly-based modeling is a promising approach to broadening the accessibility of 3D modeling. In assembly-based modeling, new models are assembled from shape components extracted from a database. A key challenge in assembly-based modeling is the identification of relevant components to be presented to the user. In this paper, we introduce a probabilistic reasoning approach to this problem. Given a repository of shapes, our approach learns a probabilistic graphical model that encodes semantic and geometric relationships among shape components. The probabilistic model is used to present components that are semantically and stylistically compatible with the 3D model that is being assembled. Our experiments indicate that the probabilistic model increases the relevance of presented components.	Probabilistic reasoning for assembly-based 3D modeling	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Adam Bargteil	NA	Session details: Contact & constraints	NA	2018
David I. W. Levin:Joshua Litven:Garrett L. Jones:Shinjiro Sueda:Dinesh K. Pai	Simulating viscoelastic solids undergoing large, nonlinear deformations in close contact is challenging. In addition to inter-object contact, methods relying on Lagrangian discretizations must handle degenerate cases by explicitly remeshing or resampling the object. Eulerian methods, which discretize space itself, provide an interesting alternative due to the fixed nature of the discretization. In this paper we present a new Eulerian method for viscoelastic materials that features a collision detection and resolution scheme which does not require explicit surface tracking to achieve accurate collision response. Time-stepping with contact is performed by the efficient solution of large sparse quadratic programs; this avoids constraint sticking and other difficulties. Simulation and collision processing can share the same uniform grid, making the algorithm easy to parallelize. We demonstrate an implementation of all the steps of the algorithm on the GPU. The method is effective for simulation of complicated contact scenarios involving multiple highly deformable objects, and can directly simulate volumetric models obtained from medical imaging techniques such as CT and MRI.	Eulerian solid simulation with contact	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aleka McAdams:Yongning Zhu:Andrew Selle:Mark Empey:Rasmus Tamstorf:Joseph Teran:Eftychios Sifakis	We present a new algorithm for near-interactive simulation of skeleton driven, high resolution elasticity models. Our methodology is used for soft tissue deformation in character animation. The algorithm is based on a novel discretization of corotational elasticity over a hexahedral lattice. Within this framework we enforce positive definiteness of the stiffness matrix to allow efficient quasistatics and dynamics. In addition, we present a multigrid method that converges with very high efficiency. Our design targets performance through parallelism using a fully vectorized and branch-free SVD algorithm as well as a stable one-point quadrature scheme. Since body collisions, self collisions and soft-constraints are necessary for real-world examples, we present a simple framework for enforcing them. The whole approach is demonstrated in an end-to-end production-level character skinning system.	Efficient elasticity for character skinning with contact and collisions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Changxi Zheng:Doug L. James	Contact sound models based on linear modal analysis are commonly used with rigid body dynamics. Unfortunately, treating vibrating objects as "rigid" during collision and contact processing fundamentally limits the range of sounds that can be computed, and contact solvers for rigid body animation can be ill-suited for modal contact sound synthesis, producing various sound artifacts. In this paper, we resolve modal vibrations in both collision and frictional contact processing stages, thereby enabling non-rigid sound phenomena such as micro-collisions, vibrational energy exchange, and chattering. We propose a frictional multibody contact formulation and modified Staggered Projections solver which is well-suited to sound rendering and avoids noise artifacts associated with spatial and temporal contact-force fluctuations which plague prior methods. To enable practical animation and sound synthesis of numerous bodies with many coupled modes, we propose a novel asynchronous integrator with model-level adaptivity built into the frictional contact solver. Vibrational contact damping is modeled to approximate contact-dependent sound dissipation. Results are provided that demonstrate high-quality contact resolution with sound.	Toward high-quality modal contact sound	NA:NA	2018
Shinjiro Sueda:Garrett L. Jones:David I. W. Levin:Dinesh K. Pai	A significant challenge in applications of computer animation is the simulation of ropes, cables, and other highly constrained strandlike physical curves. Such scenarios occur frequently, for instance, when a strand wraps around rigid bodies or passes through narrow sheaths. Purely Lagrangian methods designed for less constrained applications such as hair simulation suffer from difficulties in these important cases. To overcome this, we introduce a new framework that combines Lagrangian and Eulerian approaches. The two key contributions are the reduced node, whose degrees of freedom precisely match the constraint, and the Eulerian node, which allows constraint handling that is independent of the initial discretization of the strand. The resulting system generates robust, efficient, and accurate simulations of massively constrained systems of rigid bodies and strands.	Large-scale dynamic simulation of highly constrained strands	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Karol Myszkowski	NA	Session details: Tone editing	NA	2018
Rafat Mantiuk:Kil Joong Kim:Allan G. Rempel:Wolfgang Heidrich	Visual metrics can play an important role in the evaluation of novel lighting, rendering, and imaging algorithms. Unfortunately, current metrics only work well for narrow intensity ranges, and do not correlate well with experimental data outside these ranges. To address these issues, we propose a visual metric for predicting visibility (discrimination) and quality (mean-opinion-score). The metric is based on a new visual model for all luminance conditions, which has been derived from new contrast sensitivity measurements. The model is calibrated and validated against several contrast discrimination data sets, and image quality databases (LIVE and TID2008). The visibility metric is shown to provide much improved predictions as compared to the original HDR-VDP and VDP metrics, especially for low luminance conditions. The image quality predictions are comparable to or better than for the MS-SSIM, which is considered one of the most successful quality metrics. The code of the proposed metric is available on-line.	HDR-VDP-2: a calibrated visual metric for visibility and quality predictions in all luminance conditions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael D. Tocci:Chris Kiser:Nora Tocci:Pradeep Sen	Although High Dynamic Range (HDR) imaging has been the subject of significant research over the past fifteen years, the goal of acquiring cinema-quality HDR images of fast-moving scenes using available components has not yet been achieved. In this work, we present an optical architecture for HDR imaging that allows simultaneous capture of high, medium, and low-exposure images on three sensors at high fidelity with efficient use of the available light. We also present an HDR merging algorithm to complement this architecture, which avoids undesired artifacts when there is a large exposure difference between the images. We implemented a prototype high-definition HDR-video system and we present still frames from the acquired HDR video, tonemapped with various techniques.	A versatile HDR video production system	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Adam G. Kirk:James F. O'Brien	In this paper we present a perceptually based algorithm for modeling the color shift that occurs for human viewers in low-light scenes. Known as the Purkinje effect, this color shift occurs as the eye transitions from photopic, cone-mediated vision in well-lit scenes to scotopic, rod-mediated vision in dark scenes. At intermediate light levels vision is mesopic with both the rods and cones active. Although the rods have a spectral response distinct from the cones, they still share the same neural pathways. As light levels decrease and the rods become increasingly active they cause a perceived shift in color. We model this process so that we can compute perceived colors for mesopic and scotopic scenes from spectral image data. We also describe how the effect can be approximated from standard high dynamic range RGB images. Once we have determined rod and cone responses, we map them to RGB values that can be displayed on a standard monitor to elicit the intended color perception when viewed photopically. Our method focuses on computing the color shift associated with low-light conditions and leverages current HDR techniques to control the image's dynamic range. We include results generated from both spectral and RGB input images.	Perceptually based tone mapping for low-light conditions	NA:NA	2018
Robert Carroll:Ravi Ramamoorthi:Maneesh Agrawala	Changing the color of an object is a basic image editing operation, but a high quality result must also preserve natural shading. A common approach is to first compute reflectance and illumination intrinsic images. Reflectances can then be edited independently, and recomposed with the illumination. However, manipulating only the reflectance color does not account for diffuse interreflections, and can result in inconsistent shading in the edited image. We propose an approach for further decomposing illumination into direct lighting, and indirect diffuse illumination from each material. This decomposition allows us to change indirect illumination from an individual material independently, so it matches the modified reflectance color. To address the underconstrained problem of decomposing illumination into multiple components, we take advantage of its smooth nature, as well as user-provided constraints. We demonstrate our approach on a number of examples, where we consistently edit material colors and the associated interreflections.	Illumination decomposition for material recoloring with consistent interreflections	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Levoy	NA	Session details: Capturing geometry & appearance	NA	2018
Shuang Zhao:Wenzel Jakob:Steve Marschner:Kavita Bala	The appearance of complex, thick materials like textiles is determined by their 3D structure, and they are incompletely described by surface reflection models alone. While volume scattering can produce highly realistic images of such materials, creating the required volume density models is difficult. Procedural approaches require significant programmer effort and intuition to design specialpurpose algorithms for each material. Further, the resulting models lack the visual complexity of real materials with their naturally-arising irregularities. This paper proposes a new approach to acquiring volume models, based on density data from X-ray computed tomography (CT) scans and appearance data from photographs under uncontrolled illumination. To model a material, a CT scan is made, resulting in a scalar density volume. This 3D data is processed to extract orientation information and remove noise. The resulting density and orientation fields are used in an appearance matching procedure to define scattering properties in the volume that, when rendered, produce images with texture statistics that match the photographs. As our results show, this approach can easily produce volume appearance models with extreme detail, and at larger scales the distinctive textures and highlights of a range of very different fabrics like satin and velvet emerge automatically---all based simply on having accurate mesoscale geometry.	Building volumetric appearance models of fabric using micro CT imaging	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Peiran Ren:Jiaping Wang:John Snyder:Xin Tong:Baining Guo	We present a simple, fast solution for reflectance acquisition using tools that fit into a pocket. Our method captures video of a flat target surface from a fixed video camera lit by a hand-held, moving, linear light source. After processing, we obtain an SVBRDF. We introduce a BRDF chart, analogous to a color "checker" chart, which arranges a set of known-BRDF reference tiles over a small card. A sequence of light responses from the chart tiles as well as from points on the target is captured and matched to reconstruct the target's appearance. We develop a new algorithm for BRDF reconstruction which works directly on these LDR responses, without knowing the light or camera position, or acquiring HDR lighting. It compensates for spatial variation caused by the local (finite distance) camera and light position by warping responses over time to align them to a specular reference. After alignment, we find an optimal linear combination of the Lambertian and purely specular reference responses to match each target point's response. The same weights are then applied to the corresponding (known) reference BRDFs to reconstruct the target point's BRDF. We extend the basic algorithm to also recover varying surface normals by adding two spherical caps for diffuse and specular references to the BRDF chart. We demonstrate convincing results obtained after less than 30 seconds of data capture, using commercial mobile phone cameras in a casual environment.	Pocket reflectometry	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Micah K. Johnson:Forrester Cole:Alvin Raj:Edward H. Adelson	We describe a system for capturing microscopic surface geometry. The system extends the retrographic sensor [Johnson and Adelson 2009] to the microscopic domain, demonstrating spatial resolution as small as 2 microns. In contrast to existing microgeometry capture techniques, the system is not affected by the optical characteristics of the surface being measured---it captures the same geometry whether the object is matte, glossy, or transparent. In addition, the hardware design allows for a variety of form factors, including a hand-held device that can be used to capture high-resolution surface geometry in the field. We achieve these results with a combination of improved sensor materials, illumination design, and reconstruction algorithm, as compared to the original sensor of Johnson and Adelson [2009].	Microgeometry capture using an elastomeric sensor	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vitor F. Pamplona:Erick B. Passos:Jan Zizka:Manuel M. Oliveira:Everett Lawson:Esteban Clua:Ramesh Raskar	We introduce an interactive method to assess cataracts in the human eye by crafting an optical solution that measures the perceptual impact of forward scattering on the foveal region. Current solutions rely on highly-trained clinicians to check the back scattering in the crystallin lens and test their predictions on visual acuity tests. Close-range parallax barriers create collimated beams of light to scan through sub-apertures, scattering light as it strikes a cataract. User feedback generates maps for opacity, attenuation, contrast and sub-aperture point-spread functions. The goal is to allow a general audience to operate a portable high-contrast light-field display to gain a meaningful understanding of their own visual conditions. User evaluations and validation with modified camera optics are performed. Compiled data is used to reconstruct the individual's cataract-affected view, offering a novel approach for capturing information for screening, diagnostic, and clinical analysis.	CATRA: interactive measuring and modeling of cataracts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sylvain Lefebvre	NA	Session details: Sampling & noise	NA	2018
Raanan Fattal	Stochastic point distributions with blue-noise spectrum are used extensively in computer graphics for various applications such as avoiding aliasing artifacts in ray tracing, halftoning, stippling, etc. In this paper we present a new approach for generating point sets with high-quality blue noise properties that formulates the problem using a statistical mechanics interacting particle model. Points distributions are generated by sampling this model. This new formulation of the problem unifies randomness with the requirement for equidistant point spacing, responsible for the enhanced blue noise spectral properties. We derive a highly efficient multi-scale sampling scheme for drawing random point distributions from this model. The new scheme avoids the critical slowing down phenomena that plagues this type of models. This derivation is accompanied by a model-specific analysis. Altogether, our approach generates high-quality point distributions, supports spatially-varying spatial point density, and runs in time that is linear in the number of points generated.	Blue-noise point sampling using kernel density model	NA	2018
Mohamed S. Ebeida:Andrew A. Davidson:Anjul Patney:Patrick M. Knupp:Scott A. Mitchell:John D. Owens	We solve the problem of generating a uniform Poisson-disk sampling that is both maximal and unbiased over bounded non-convex domains. To our knowledge this is the first provably correct algorithm with time and space dependent only on the number of points produced. Our method has two phases, both based on classical dart-throwing. The first phase uses a background grid of square cells to rapidly create an unbiased, near-maximal covering of the domain. The second phase completes the maximal covering by calculating the connected components of the remaining uncovered voids, and by using their geometry to efficiently place unbiased samples that cover them. The second phase converges quickly, overcoming a common difficulty in dart-throwing methods. The deterministic memory is O(n) and the expected running time is O(n log n), where n is the output size, the number of points in the final sample. Our serial implementation verifies that the log n dependence is minor, and nearly O(n) performance for both time and memory is achieved in practice. We also present a parallel implementation on GPUs to demonstrate the parallel-friendly nature of our method, which achieves 2.4x the performance of our serial version.	Efficient maximal poisson-disk sampling	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Li-Yi Wei:Rui Wang	Sampling is a core component for many graphics applications including rendering, imaging, animation, and geometry processing. The efficacy of these applications often crucially depends upon the distribution quality of the underlying samples. While uniform sampling can be analyzed by using existing spatial and spectral methods, these cannot be easily extended to general non-uniform settings, such as adaptive, anisotropic, or non-Euclidean domains. We present new methods for analyzing non-uniform sample distributions. Our key insight is that standard Fourier analysis, which depends on samples' spatial locations, can be reformulated into an equivalent form that depends only on the distribution of their location differentials. We call this differential domain analysis. The main benefit of this reformulation is that it bridges the fundamental connection between the samples' spatial statistics and their spectral properties. In addition, it allows us to generalize our method with different computation kernels and differential measurements. Using this analysis, we can quantitatively measure the spatial and spectral properties of various non-uniform sample distributions, including adaptive, anisotropic, and non-Euclidean domains.	Differential domain analysis for non-uniform sampling	NA:NA	2018
Ares Lagae:George Drettakis	Solid noise is a fundamental tool in computer graphics. Surprisingly, no existing noise function supports both high-quality antialiasing and continuity across sharp edges. In this paper we show that a slicing approach is required to preserve continuity across sharp edges, and we present a new noise function that supports anisotropic filtering of sliced solid noise. This is made possible by individually filtering the slices of Gabor kernels, which requires the proper treatment of phase. This in turn leads to the introduction of the phase-augmented Gabor kernel and random-phase Gabor noise, our new noise function. We demonstrate that our new noise function supports both high-quality anti-aliasing and continuity across sharp edges, as well as anisotropy.	Filtering solid Gabor noise	NA:NA	2018
Paolo Cignoni	NA	Session details: Geometry Acquisition	NA	2018
Yangyan Li:Xiaokun Wu:Yiorgos Chrysathou:Andrei Sharf:Daniel Cohen-Or:Niloy J. Mitra	Given a noisy and incomplete point set, we introduce a method that simultaneously recovers a set of locally fitted primitives along with their global mutual relations. We operate under the assumption that the data corresponds to a man-made engineering object consisting of basic primitives, possibly repeated and globally aligned under common relations. We introduce an algorithm to directly couple the local and global aspects of the problem. The local fit of the model is determined by how well the inferred model agrees to the observed data, while the global relations are iteratively learned and enforced through a constrained optimization. Starting with a set of initial RANSAC based locally fitted primitives, relations across the primitives such as orientation, placement, and equality are progressively learned and conformed to. In each stage, a set of feasible relations are extracted among the candidate relations, and then aligned to, while best fitting to the input data. The global coupling corrects the primitives obtained in the local RANSAC stage, and brings them to precise global alignment. We test the robustness of our algorithm on a range of synthesized and scanned data, with varying amounts of noise, outliers, and non-uniform sampling, and validate the results against ground truth, where available.	GlobFit: consistently fitting primitives by discovering global relations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yotam Livny:Soeren Pirk:Zhanglin Cheng:Feilong Yan:Oliver Deussen:Daniel Cohen-Or:Baoquan Chen	We present a lobe-based tree representation for modeling trees. The new representation is based on the observation that the tree's foliage details can be abstracted into canonical geometry structures, termed lobe-textures. We introduce techniques to (i) approximate the geometry of given tree data and encode it into a lobe-based representation, (ii) decode the representation and synthesize a fully detailed tree model that visually resembles the input. The encoded tree serves as a light intermediate representation, which facilitates efficient storage and transmission of massive amounts of trees, e.g., from a server to clients for interactive applications in urban environments. The method is evaluated by both reconstructing laser scanned trees (given as point sets) as well as re-representing existing tree models (given as polygons).	Texture-lobes for tree modelling	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Elmar Eisemann	NA	Session details: Stochastic rendering & visibility	NA	2018
Carl Johan Gribel:Rasmus Barringer:Tomas Akenine-Möller	We present a novel visibility algorithm for rendering motion blur with per-pixel anti-aliasing. Our algorithm uses a number of line samples over a rectangular group of pixels, and together with the time dimension, a two-dimensional spatio-temporal visibility problem needs to be solved per line sample. In a coarse culling step, our algorithm first uses a bounding volume hierarchy to rapidly remove geometry that does not overlap with the current line sample. For the remaining triangles, we approximate each triangle's depth function, along the line and along the time dimension, with a number of patch triangles. We resolve for the final color using an analytical visibility algorithm with depth sorting, simple occlusion culling, and clipping. Shading is decoupled from visibility, and we use a shading cache for efficient reuse of shaded values. In our results, we show practically noise-free renderings of motion blur with high-quality spatial anti-aliasing and with competitive rendering times. We also demonstrate that our algorithm, with some adjustments, can be used to accurately compute motion blurred ambient occlusion.	High-quality spatio-temporal rendering using semi-analytical visibility	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jaakko Lehtinen:Timo Aila:Jiawen Chen:Samuli Laine:Frédo Durand	Traditionally, effects that require evaluating multidimensional integrals for each pixel, such as motion blur, depth of field, and soft shadows, suffer from noise due to the variance of the high-dimensional integrand. In this paper, we describe a general reconstruction technique that exploits the anisotropy in the temporal light field and permits efficient reuse of samples between pixels, multiplying the effective sampling rate by a large factor. We show that our technique can be applied in situations that are challenging or impossible for previous anisotropic reconstruction methods, and that it can yield good results with very sparse inputs. We demonstrate our method for simultaneous motion blur, depth of field, and soft shadows.	Temporal light field reconstruction for rendering distribution effects	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jaakko Lehtinen	NA	Session details: Volumes & photons	NA	2018
Eugene D'Eon:Geoffrey Irving	We present a new BSSRDF for rendering images of translucent materials. Previous diffusion BSSRDFs are limited by the accuracy of classical diffusion theory. We introduce a modified diffusion theory that is more accurate for highly absorbing materials and near the point of illumination. The new diffusion solution accurately decouples single and multiple scattering. We then derive a novel, analytic, extended-source solution to the multilayer search-light problem by quantizing the diffusion Green's function. This allows the application of the diffusion multipole model to material layers several orders of magnitude thinner than previously possible and creates accurate results under high-frequency illumination. Quantized diffusion provides both a new physical foundation and a variable-accuracy construction method for sum-of-Gaussians BSSRDFs, which have many useful properties for efficient rendering and appearance capture. Our BSSRDF maps directly to previous real-time rendering algorithms. For film production rendering, we propose several improvements to previous hierarchical point cloud algorithms by introducing a new radial-binning data structure and a doubly-adaptive traversal strategy.	A quantized-diffusion model for rendering translucent materials	NA:NA	2018
Scott Schaefer	NA	Session details: Geometry processing	NA	2018
Ming Chuang:Michael Kazhdan	We present a general framework for performing geometry filtering through the solution of a screened Poisson equation. We show that this framework can be efficiently adapted to a changing Riemannian metric to support curvature-aware filtering and describe a parallel and streaming multigrid implementation for solving the system. We demonstrate the practicality of our approach by developing an interactive system for mesh editing that allows for exploration of a large family of curvature-guided, anisotropic filters.	Interactive and anisotropic geometry processing using the screened Poisson equation	NA:NA	2018
KangKang Yin	NA	Session details: Call animal control!	NA	2018
Jie Tan:Yuting Gu:Greg Turk:C. Karen Liu	We present a general approach to creating realistic swimming behavior for a given articulated creature body. The two main components of our method are creature/fluid simulation and the optimization of the creature motion parameters. We simulate two-way coupling between the fluid and the articulated body by solving a linear system that matches acceleration at fluid/solid boundaries and that also enforces fluid incompressibility. The swimming motion of a given creature is described as a set of periodic functions, one for each joint degree of freedom. We optimize over the space of these functions in order to find a motion that causes the creature to swim straight and stay within a given energy budget. Our creatures can perform path following by first training appropriate turning maneuvers through offline optimization and then selecting between these motions to track the given path. We present results for a clownfish, an eel, a sea turtle, a manta ray and a frog, and in each case the resulting motion is a good match to the real-world animals. We also demonstrate a plausible swimming gait for a fictional creature that has no real-world counterpart.	Articulated swimming creatures	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stelian Coros:Andrej Karpathy:Ben Jones:Lionel Reveret:Michiel van de Panne	We develop an integrated set of gaits and skills for a physics-based simulation of a quadruped. The motion repertoire for our simulated dog includes walk, trot, pace, canter, transverse gallop, rotary gallop, leaps capable of jumping on-and-off platforms and over obstacles, sitting, lying down, standing up, and getting up from a fall. The controllers use a representation based on gait graphs, a dual leg frame model, a flexible spine model, and the extensive use of internal virtual forces applied via the Jacobian transpose. Optimizations are applied to these control abstractions in order to achieve robust gaits and leaps with desired motion styles. The resulting gaits are evaluated for robustness with respect to push disturbances and the traversal of variable terrain. The simulated motions are also compared to motion data captured from a filmed dog.	Locomotion skills for simulated quadrupeds	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dan B. Goldman	NA	Session details: By-example image synthesis	NA	2018
Fei Yang:Jue Wang:Eli Shechtman:Lubomir Bourdev:Dimitri Metaxas	We address the problem of correcting an undesirable expression on a face photo by transferring local facial components, such as a smiling mouth, from another face photo of the same person which has the desired expression. Direct copying and blending using existing compositing tools results in semantically unnatural composites, since expression is a global effect and the local component in one expression is often incompatible with the shape and other components of the face in another expression. To solve this problem we present Expression Flow, a 2D flow field which can warp the target face globally in a natural way, so that the warped face is compatible with the new facial component to be copied over. To do this, starting with the two input face photos, we jointly construct a pair of 3D face shapes with the same identity but different expressions. The expression flow is computed by projecting the difference between the two 3D shapes back to 2D. It describes how to warp the target face photo to match the expression of the reference photo. User studies suggest that our system is able to generate face composites with much higher fidelity than existing methods.	Expression flow for 3D-aware face component transfer	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ira Kemelmacher-Shlizerman:Eli Shechtman:Rahul Garg:Steven M. Seitz	We present an approach for generating face animations from large image collections of the same person. Such collections, which we call photobios, sample the appearance of a person over changes in pose, facial expression, hairstyle, age, and other variations. By optimizing the order in which images are displayed and cross-dissolving between them, we control the motion through face space and create compelling animations (e.g., render a smooth transition from frowning to smiling). Used in this context, the cross dissolve produces a very strong motion effect; a key contribution of the paper is to explain this effect and analyze its operating range. The approach operates by creating a graph with faces as nodes, and similarities as edges, and solving for walks and shortest paths on this graph. The processing pipeline involves face detection, locating fiducials (eyes/nose/mouth), solving for pose, warping to frontal views, and image comparison based on Local Binary Patterns. We demonstrate results on a variety of datasets including time-lapse photography, personal photo collections, and images of celebrities downloaded from the Internet. Our approach is the basis for the Face Movies feature in Google's Picasa.	Exploring photobios	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chongyang Ma:Li-Yi Wei:Xin Tong	A variety of phenomena can be characterized by repetitive small scale elements within a large scale domain. Examples include a stack of fresh produce, a plate of spaghetti, or a mosaic pattern. Although certain results can be produced via manual placement or procedural/physical simulation, these methods can be labor intensive, difficult to control, or limited to specific phenomena. We present discrete element textures, a data-driven method for synthesizing repetitive elements according to a small input exemplar and a large output domain. Our method preserves both individual element properties and their aggregate distributions. It is also general and applicable to a variety of phenomena, including different dimensionalities, different element properties and distributions, and different effects including both artistic and physically realistic ones. We represent each element by one or multiple samples whose positions encode relevant element attributes including position, size, shape, and orientation. We propose a sample-based neighborhood similarity metric and an energy optimization solver to synthesize desired outputs that observe not only input exemplars and output domains but also optional constraints such as physics, orientation fields, and boundary conditions. As a further benefit, our method can also be applied for editing existing element distributions.	Discrete element textures	NA:NA:NA	2018
Olga Sorkine	NA	Session details: Colorful	NA	2018
Peter O'Donovan:Aseem Agarwala:Aaron Hertzmann	This paper studies color compatibility theories using large datasets, and develops new tools for choosing colors. There are three parts to this work. First, using on-line datasets, we test new and existing theories of human color preferences. For example, we test whether certain hues or hue templates may be preferred by viewers. Second, we learn quantitative models that score the quality of a five-color set of colors, called a color theme. Such models can be used to rate the quality of a new color theme. Third, we demonstrate simple proto-types that apply a learned model to tasks in color design, including improving existing themes and extracting themes from images.	Color compatibility from large datasets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Baoyuan Wang:Yizhou Yu:Ying-Qing Xu	Color and tone adjustments are among the most frequent image enhancement operations. We define a color and tone style as a set of explicit or implicit rules governing color and tone adjustments. Our goal in this paper is to learn implicit color and tone adjustment rules from examples. That is, given a set of examples, each of which is a pair of corresponding images before and after adjustments, we would like to discover the underlying mathematical relationships optimally connecting the color and tone of corresponding pixels in all image pairs. We formally define tone and color adjustment rules as mappings, and propose to approximate complicated spatially varying nonlinear mappings in a piecewise manner. The reason behind this is that a very complicated mapping can still be locally approximated with a low-order polynomial model. Parameters within such low-order models are trained using data extracted from example image pairs. We successfully apply our framework in two scenarios, low-quality photo enhancement by transferring the style of a high-end camera, and photo enhancement using styles learned from photographers and designers.	Example-based image color and tone style enhancement	NA:NA:NA	2018
Behzad Sajadi:Aditi Majumder:Kazuhiro Hiwada:Atsuto Maki:Ramesh Raskar	We present a camera with switchable primaries using shiftable layers of color filter arrays (CFAs). By layering a pair of CMY CFAs in this novel manner we can switch between multiple sets of color primaries (namely RGB, CMY and RGBCY) in the same camera. In contrast to fixed color primaries (e.g. RGB or CMY), which cannot provide optimal image quality for all scene conditions, our camera with switchable primaries provides optimal color fidelity and signal to noise ratio for multiple scene conditions. Next, we show that the same concept can be used to layer two RGB CFAs to design a camera with switchable low dynamic range (LDR) and high dynamic range (HDR) modes. Further, we show that such layering can be generalized as a constrained satisfaction problem (CSP) allowing to constrain a large number of parameters (e.g. different operational modes, amount and direction of the shifts, placement of the primaries in the CFA) to provide an optimal solution. We investigate practical design options for shiftable layering of the CFAs. We demonstrate these by building prototype cameras for both switchable primaries and switchable LDR/HDR modes. To the best of our knowledge, we present, for the first time, the concept of shiftable layers of CFAs that provides a new degree of freedom in photography where multiple operational modes are available to the user in a single camera for optimizing the picture quality based on the nature of the scene geometry, color and illumination.	Switchable primaries using shiftable layers of color filter arrays	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eugene Zhang	NA	Session details: Surfaces	NA	2018
Jonathan D. Denning:William B. Kerr:Fabio Pellacini	The construction of polygonal meshes remains a complex task in Computer Graphics, taking tens of thousands of individual operations over several hours of modeling time. The complexity of modeling in terms of number of operations and time makes it difficult for artists to understand all details of how meshes are constructed. We present MeshFlow, an interactive system for visualizing mesh construction sequences. MeshFlow hierarchically clusters mesh editing operations to provide viewers with an overview of the model construction while still allowing them to view more details on demand. We base our clustering on an analysis of the frequency of repeated operations and implement it using substituting regular expressions. By filtering operations based on either their type or which vertices they affect, MeshFlow also ensures that viewers can interactively focus on the relevant parts of the modeling process. Automatically generated graphical annotations visualize the clustered operations. We have tested MeshFlow by visualizing five mesh sequences each taking a few hours to model, and we found it to work well for all. We have also evaluated MeshFlow with a case study using modeling students. We conclude that our system provides useful visualizations that are found to be more helpful than video or document-form instructions in understanding mesh construction.	MeshFlow: interactive visualization of mesh construction sequences	NA:NA:NA	2018
Topraj Gurung:Mark Luffel:Peter Lindstrom:Jarek Rossignac	We propose LR (Laced Ring)---a simple data structure for representing the connectivity of manifold triangle meshes. LR provides the option to store on average either 1.08 references per triangle or 26.2 bits per triangle. Its construction, from an input mesh that supports constant-time adjacency queries, has linear space and time complexity, and involves ordering most vertices along a nearly-Hamiltonian cycle. LR is best suited for applications that process meshes with fixed connectivity, as any changes to the connectivity require the data structure to be rebuilt. We provide an implementation of the set of standard random-access, constant-time operators for traversing a mesh, and show that LR often saves both space and traversal time over competing representations.	LR: compact connectivity representation for triangle meshes	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aaron Hertzmann	NA	Session details: Image processing	NA	2018
Sylvain Paris:Samuel W. Hasinoff:Jan Kautz	The Laplacian pyramid is ubiquitous for decomposing images into multiple scales and is widely used for image analysis. However, because it is constructed with spatially invariant Gaussian kernels, the Laplacian pyramid is widely believed as being unable to represent edges well and as being ill-suited for edge-aware operations such as edge-preserving smoothing and tone mapping. To tackle these tasks, a wealth of alternative techniques and representations have been proposed, e.g., anisotropic diffusion, neighborhood filtering, and specialized wavelet bases. While these methods have demonstrated successful results, they come at the price of additional complexity, often accompanied by higher computational cost or the need to post-process the generated results. In this paper, we show state-of-the-art edge-aware processing using standard Laplacian pyramids. We characterize edges with a simple threshold on pixel values that allows us to differentiate large-scale edges from small-scale details. Building upon this result, we propose a set of image filters to achieve edge-preserving smoothing, detail enhancement, tone mapping, and inverse tone mapping. The advantage of our approach is its simplicity and flexibility, relying only on simple point-wise nonlinearities and small Gaussian convolutions; no optimization or post-processing is required. As we demonstrate, our method produces consistently high-quality results, without degrading edges or introducing halos.	Local Laplacian filters: edge-aware image processing with a Laplacian pyramid	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eduardo S. L. Gastal:Manuel M. Oliveira	We present a new approach for performing high-quality edge-preserving filtering of images and videos in real time. Our solution is based on a transform that defines an isometry between curves on the 2D image manifold in 5D and the real line. This transform preserves the geodesic distance between points on these curves, adaptively warping the input signal so that 1D edge-preserving filtering can be efficiently performed in linear time. We demonstrate three realizations of 1D edge-preserving filters, show how to produce high-quality 2D edge-preserving filters by iterating 1D-filtering operations, and empirically analyze the convergence of this process. Our approach has several desirable features: the use of 1D operations leads to considerable speedups over existing techniques and potential memory savings; its computational cost is not affected by the choice of the filter parameters; and it is the first edge-preserving filter to work on color images at arbitrary scales in real time, without resorting to subsampling or quantization. We demonstrate the versatility of our domain transform and edge-preserving filters on several real-time image and video processing tasks including edge-preserving filtering, depth-of-field effects, stylization, recoloring, colorization, detail enhancement, and tone mapping.	Domain transform for edge-aware image and video processing	NA:NA	2018
Yoav HaCohen:Eli Shechtman:Dan B. Goldman:Dani Lischinski	This paper presents a new efficient method for recovering reliable local sets of dense correspondences between two images with some shared content. Our method is designed for pairs of images depicting similar regions acquired by different cameras and lenses, under non-rigid transformations, under different lighting, and over different backgrounds. We utilize a new coarse-to-fine scheme in which nearest-neighbor field computations using Generalized PatchMatch [Barnes et al. 2010] are interleaved with fitting a global non-linear parametric color model and aggregating consistent matching regions using locally adaptive constraints. Compared to previous correspondence approaches, our method combines the best of two worlds: It is dense, like optical flow and stereo reconstruction methods, and it is also robust to geometric and photometric variations, like sparse feature matching. We demonstrate the usefulness of our method using three applications for automatic example-based photograph enhancement: adjusting the tonal characteristics of a source image to match a reference, transferring a known mask to a new image, and kernel estimation for image deblurring.	Non-rigid dense correspondence with applications for image enhancement	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jernej Barbic	NA	Session details: Example-based simulation	NA	2018
Huamin Wang:James F. O'Brien:Ravi Ramamoorthi	Cloth often has complicated nonlinear, anisotropic elastic behavior due to its woven pattern and fiber properties. However, most current cloth simulation techniques simply use linear and isotropic elastic models with manually selected stiffness parameters. Such simple simulations do not allow differentiating the behavior of distinct cloth materials such as silk or denim, and they cannot model most materials with fidelity to their real-world counterparts. In this paper, we present a data-driven technique to more realistically animate cloth. We propose a piecewise linear elastic model that is a good approximation to nonlinear, anisotropic stretching and bending behaviors of various materials. We develop new measurement techniques for studying the elastic deformations for both stretching and bending in real cloth samples. Our setup is easy and inexpensive to construct, and the parameters of our model can be fit to observed data with a well-posed optimization procedure. We have measured a database of ten different cloth materials, each of which exhibits distinctive elastic behaviors. These measurements can be used in most cloth simulation systems to create natural and realistic clothing wrinkles and shapes, for a range of different materials.	Data-driven elastic models for cloth: modeling and measurement	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sebastian Martin:Bernhard Thomaszewski:Eitan Grinspun:Markus Gross	We propose an example-based approach for simulating complex elastic material behavior. Supplied with a few poses that characterize a given object, our system starts by constructing a space of prefered deformations by means of interpolation. During simulation, this example manifold then acts as an additional elastic attractor that guides the object towards its space of prefered shapes. Added on top of existing solid simulation codes, this example potential effectively allows us to implement inhomogeneous and anisotropic materials in a direct and intuitive way. Due to its example-based interface, our method promotes an art-directed approach to solid simulation, which we exemplify on a set of practical examples.	Example-based elastic materials	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
François Faure:Benjamin Gilles:Guillaume Bousquet:Dinesh K. Pai	A new method to simulate deformable objects with heterogeneous material properties and complex geometries is presented. Given a volumetric map of the material properties and an arbitrary number of control nodes, a distribution of the nodes is computed automatically, as well as the associated shape functions. Reference frames attached to the nodes are used to apply skeleton subspace deformation across the volume of the objects. A continuum mechanics formulation is derived from the displacements and the material properties. We introduce novel material-aware shape functions in place of the traditional radial basis functions used in meshless frameworks. In contrast with previous approaches, these allow coarse deformation functions to efficiently resolve non-uniform stiffnesses. Complex models can thus be simulated at high frame rates using a small number of control nodes.	Sparse meshless models of complex deformable solids	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Okan Arikan	NA	Session details: Facial animation	NA	2018
Haoda Huang:Jinxiang Chai:Xin Tong:Hsiang-Tao Wu	This paper introduces a new approach for acquiring high-fidelity 3D facial performances with realistic dynamic wrinkles and fine-scale facial details. Our approach leverages state-of-the-art motion capture technology and advanced 3D scanning technology for facial performance acquisition. We start the process by recording 3D facial performances of an actor using a marker-based motion capture system and perform facial analysis on the captured data, thereby determining a minimal set of face scans required for accurate facial reconstruction. We introduce a two-step registration process to efficiently build dense consistent surface correspondences across all the face scans. We reconstruct high-fidelity 3D facial performances by combining motion capture data with the minimal set of face scans in the blendshape interpolation framework. We have evaluated the performance of our system on both real and synthetic data. Our results show that the system can capture facial performances that match both the spatial resolution of static face scans and the acquisition speed of motion capture systems.	Leveraging motion capture and 3D scanning for high-fidelity facial performance acquisition	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Thabo Beeler:Fabian Hahn:Derek Bradley:Bernd Bickel:Paul Beardsley:Craig Gotsman:Robert W. Sumner:Markus Gross	We present a new technique for passive and markerless facial performance capture based on anchor frames. Our method starts with high resolution per-frame geometry acquisition using state-of-the-art stereo reconstruction, and proceeds to establish a single triangle mesh that is propagated through the entire performance. Leveraging the fact that facial performances often contain repetitive subsequences, we identify anchor frames as those which contain similar facial expressions to a manually chosen reference expression. Anchor frames are automatically computed over one or even multiple performances. We introduce a robust image-space tracking method that computes pixel matches directly from the reference frame to all anchor frames, and thereby to the remaining frames in the sequence via sequential matching. This allows us to propagate one reconstructed frame to an entire sequence in parallel, in contrast to previous sequential methods. Our anchored reconstruction approach also limits tracker drift and robustly handles occlusions and motion blur. The parallel tracking and mesh propagation offer low computation times. Our technique will even automatically match anchor frames across different sequences captured on different occasions, propagating a single mesh to all performances.	High-quality passive facial performance capture using anchor frames	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
J. Rafael Tena:Fernando De la Torre:Iain Matthews	Linear models, particularly those based on principal component analysis (PCA), have been used successfully on a broad range of human face-related applications. Although PCA models achieve high compression, they have not been widely used for animation in a production environment because their bases lack a semantic interpretation. Their parameters are not an intuitive set for animators to work with. In this paper we present a linear face modelling approach that generalises to unseen data better than the traditional holistic approach while also allowing click-and-drag interaction for animation. Our model is composed of a collection of PCA sub-models that are independently trained but share boundaries. Boundary consistency and user-given constraints are enforced in a soft least mean squares sense to give flexibility to the model while maintaining coherence. Our results show that the region-based model generalises better than its holistic counterpart when describing previously unseen motion capture data from multiple subjects. The decomposition of the face into several regions, which we determine automatically from training data, gives the user localised manipulation control. This feature allows to use the model for face posing and animation in an intuitive style.	Interactive region-based linear 3D face models	NA:NA:NA	2018
Thibaut Weise:Sofien Bouaziz:Hao Li:Mark Pauly	This paper presents a system for performance-based character animation that enables any user to control the facial expressions of a digital avatar in realtime. The user is recorded in a natural environment using a non-intrusive, commercially available 3D sensor. The simplicity of this acquisition device comes at the cost of high noise levels in the acquired data. To effectively map low-quality 2D images and 3D depth maps to realistic facial expressions, we introduce a novel face tracking algorithm that combines geometry and texture registration with pre-recorded animation priors in a single optimization. Formulated as a maximum a posteriori estimation in a reduced parameter space, our method implicitly exploits temporal coherence to stabilize the tracking. We demonstrate that compelling 3D facial dynamics can be reconstructed in realtime without the use of face markers, intrusive lighting, or complex scanning hardware. This makes our system easy to deploy and facilitates a range of new applications, e.g. in digital gameplay or social interactions.	Realtime performance-based facial animation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mathieu Desbrun	NA	Session details: Mapping & warping shapes	NA	2018
Alec Jacobson:Ilya Baran:Jovan Popović:Olga Sorkine	Object deformation with linear blending dominates practical use as the fastest approach for transforming raster images, vector graphics, geometric models and animated characters. Unfortunately, linear blending schemes for skeletons or cages are not always easy to use because they may require manual weight painting or modeling closed polyhedral envelopes around objects. Our goal is to make the design and control of deformations simpler by allowing the user to work freely with the most convenient combination of handle types. We develop linear blending weights that produce smooth and intuitive deformations for points, bones and cages of arbitrary topology. Our weights, called bounded biharmonic weights, minimize the Laplacian energy subject to bound constraints. Doing so spreads the influences of the controls in a shape-aware and localized manner, even for objects with complex and concave boundaries. The variational weight optimization also makes it possible to customize the weights so that they preserve the shape of specified essential object features. We demonstrate successful use of our blending weights for real-time deformation of 2D and 3D shapes.	Bounded biharmonic weights for real-time deformation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vladimir G. Kim:Yaron Lipman:Thomas Funkhouser	This paper describes a fully automatic pipeline for finding an intrinsic map between two non-isometric, genus zero surfaces. Our approach is based on the observation that efficient methods exist to search for nearly isometric maps (e.g., Möbius Voting or Heat Kernel Maps), but no single solution found with these methods provides low-distortion everywhere for pairs of surfaces differing by large deformations. To address this problem, we suggest using a weighted combination of these maps to produce a "blended map." This approach enables algorithms that leverage efficient search procedures, yet can provide the flexibility to handle large deformations. The main challenges of this approach lie in finding a set of candidate maps {mi} and their associated blending weights {bi(p)} for every point p on the surface. We address these challenges specifically for conformal maps by making the following contributions. First, we provide a way to blend maps, defining the image of p as the weighted geodesic centroid of mi(p). Second, we provide a definition for smooth blending weights at every point p that are proportional to the area preservation of mi at p. Third, we solve a global optimization problem that selects candidate maps based both on their area preservation and consistency with other selected maps. During experiments with these methods, we find that our algorithm produces blended maps that align semantic features better than alternative approaches over a variety of data sets.	Blended intrinsic maps	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kai Xu:Hanlin Zheng:Hao Zhang:Daniel Cohen-Or:Ligang Liu:Yueshan Xiong	We introduce an algorithm for 3D object modeling where the user draws creative inspiration from an object captured in a single photograph. Our method leverages the rich source of photographs for creative 3D modeling. However, with only a photo as a guide, creating a 3D model from scratch is a daunting task. We support the modeling process by utilizing an available set of 3D candidate models. Specifically, the user creates a digital 3D model as a geometric variation from a 3D candidate. Our modeling technique consists of two major steps. The first step is a user-guided image-space object segmentation to reveal the structure of the photographed object. The core step is the second one, in which a 3D candidate is automatically deformed to fit the photographed target under the guidance of silhouette correspondence. The set of candidate models have been pre-analyzed to possess useful high-level structural information, which is heavily utilized in both steps to compensate for the ill-posedness of the analysis and modeling problems based only on content in a single image. Equally important, the structural information is preserved by the geometric variation so that the final product is coherent with its inherited structural information readily usable for subsequent model refinement or processing.	Photo-inspired model-driven 3D object modeling	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nils Thuerey	NA	Session details: Fluid simulation	NA	2018
Barbara Solenthaler:Markus Gross	We propose a two-scale method for particle-based fluids that allocates computing resources to regions of the fluid where complex flow behavior emerges. Our method uses a low- and a high-resolution simulation that run at the same time. While in the coarse simulation the whole fluid is represented by large particles, the fine level simulates only a subset of the fluid with small particles. The subset can be arbitrarily defined and also dynamically change over time to capture complex flows and small-scale surface details. The low- and high-resolution simulations are coupled by including feedback forces and defining appropriate boundary conditions. Our method offers the benefit that particles are of the same size within each simulation level. This avoids particle splitting and merging processes, and allows the simulation of very large resolution differences without any stability problems. The model is easy to implement, and we show how it can be integrated into a standard SPH simulation as well as into the incompressible PCISPH solver. Compared to the single-resolution simulation, our method produces similar surface details while improving the efficiency linearly to the achieved reduction rate of the particle number.	Two-scale particle simulation	NA:NA	2018
Nuttapong Chentanez:Matthias Müller	We present a new Eulerian fluid simulation method, which allows real-time simulations of large scale three dimensional liquids. Such scenarios have hitherto been restricted to the domain of off-line computation. To reduce computation time we use a hybrid grid representation composed of regular cubic cells on top of a layer of tall cells. With this layout water above an arbitrary terrain can be represented without consuming an excessive amount of memory and compute power, while focusing effort on the area near the surface where it most matters. Additionally, we optimized the grid representation for a GPU implementation of the fluid solver. To further accelerate the simulation, we introduce a specialized multi-grid algorithm for solving the Poisson equation and propose solver modifications to keep the simulation stable for large time steps. We demonstrate the efficiency of our approach in several real-world scenarios, all running above 30 frames per second on a modern GPU. Some scenes include additional features such as two-way rigid body coupling as well as particle representations of sub-grid detail.	Real-time Eulerian water simulation using a restricted tall cell grid	NA:NA	2018
Michael B. Nielsen:Robert Bridson	Art direction of high resolution naturalistic liquid simulations is notoriously hard, due to both the chaotic nature of the physics and the computational resources required. Resimulating a scene at higher resolution often produces very different results, and is too expensive to allow many design cycles. We present a method of constraining or guiding a high resolution liquid simulation to stay close to a finalized low resolution version (either simulated or directly animated), restricting the solve to a thin outer shell of liquid around a guide shape. Our method is generally faster than an unconstrained simulation and can be integrated with a standard fluid simulator. We demonstrate several applications, with both simulated and hand-animated inputs.	Guide shapes for high resolution naturalistic liquid simulation	NA:NA	2018
Jeffrey N. Chadwick:Doug L. James	We propose a practical method for synthesizing plausible fire sounds that are synchronized with physically based fire animations. To enable synthesis of combustion sounds without incurring the cost of time-stepping fluid simulations at audio rates, we decompose our synthesis procedure into two components. First, a low-frequency flame sound is synthesized using a physically based combustion sound model driven with data from a visual flame simulation run at a relatively low temporal sampling rate. Second, we propose two bandwidth extension methods for synthesizing additional high-frequency flame sound content: (1) spectral bandwidth extension which synthesizes higher-frequency noise matching combustion sound spectra from theory and experiment; and (2) data-driven texture synthesis to synthesize high-frequency content based on input flame sound recordings. Various examples and comparisons are presented demonstrating plausible flame sounds, from small candle flames to large flame jets.	Animating fire with sound	NA:NA	2018
Niloy Mitra	NA	Session details: Procedural & interactive modeling	NA	2018
Manfred Lau:Akira Ohgawara:Jun Mitani:Takeo Igarashi	Although there is an abundance of 3D models available, most of them exist only in virtual simulation and are not immediately usable as physical objects in the real world. We solve the problem of taking as input a 3D model of a man-made object, and automatically generating the parts and connectors needed to build the corresponding physical object. We focus on furniture models, and we define formal grammars for IKEA cabinets and tables. We perform lexical analysis to identify the primitive parts of the 3D model. Structural analysis then gives structural information to these parts, and generates the connectors (i.e. nails, screws) needed to attach the parts together. We demonstrate our approach with arbitrary 3D models of cabinets and tables available online.	Converting 3D furniture models to fabricatable parts and connectors	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lap-Fai Yu:Sai-Kit Yeung:Chi-Keung Tang:Demetri Terzopoulos:Tony F. Chan:Stanley J. Osher	We present a system that automatically synthesizes indoor scenes realistically populated by a variety of furniture objects. Given examples of sensibly furnished indoor scenes, our system extracts, in advance, hierarchical and spatial relationships for various furniture objects, encoding them into priors associated with ergonomic factors, such as visibility and accessibility, which are assembled into a cost function whose optimization yields realistic furniture arrangements. To deal with the prohibitively large search space, the cost function is optimized by simulated annealing using a Metropolis-Hastings state search step. We demonstrate that our system can synthesize multiple realistic furniture arrangements and, through a perceptual study, investigate whether there is a significant difference in the perceived functionality of the automatically synthesized results relative to furniture arrangements produced by human designers.	Make it home: automatic optimization of furniture arrangement	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Paul Merrell:Eric Schkufza:Zeyang Li:Maneesh Agrawala:Vladlen Koltun	We present an interactive furniture layout system that assists users by suggesting furniture arrangements that are based on interior design guidelines. Our system incorporates the layout guidelines as terms in a density function and generates layout suggestions by rapidly sampling the density function using a hardware-accelerated Monte Carlo sampler. Our results demonstrate that the suggestion generation functionality measurably increases the quality of furniture arrangements produced by participants with no prior training in interior design.	Interactive furniture layout using interior design guidelines	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wolfgang Heidrich	NA	Session details: Video resizing & stabilization	NA	2018
Yu-Shuen Wang:Jen-Hung Hsiao:Olga Sorkine:Tong-Yee Lee	The key to high-quality video resizing is preserving the shape and motion of visually salient objects while remaining temporally-coherent. These spatial and temporal requirements are difficult to reconcile, typically leading existing video retargeting methods to sacrifice one of them and causing distortion or waving artifacts. Recent work enforces temporal coherence of content-aware video warping by solving a global optimization problem over the entire video cube. This significantly improves the results but does not scale well with the resolution and length of the input video and quickly becomes intractable. We propose a new method that solves the scalability problem without compromising the resizing quality. Our method factors the problem into spatial and time/motion components: we first resize each frame independently to preserve the shape of salient regions, and then we optimize their motion using a reduced model for each pathline of the optical flow. This factorization decomposes the optimization of the video cube into sets of sub-problems whose size is proportional to a single frame's resolution and which can be solved in parallel. We also show how to incorporate cropping into our optimization, which is useful for scenes with numerous salient objects where warping alone would degenerate to linear scaling. Our results match the quality of state-of-the-art retargeting methods while dramatically reducing the computation time and memory consumption, making content-aware video resizing scalable and practical.	Scalable and coherent video resizing with per-frame optimization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zeev Farbman:Dani Lischinski	This paper presents a method for reducing undesirable tonal fluctuations in video: minute changes in tonal characteristics, such as exposure, color temperature, brightness and contrast in a sequence of frames, which are easily noticeable when the sequence is viewed. These fluctuations are typically caused by the camera's automatic adjustment of its tonal settings while shooting. Our approach operates on a continuous video shot by first designating one or more frames as anchors. We then tonally align a sequence of frames with each anchor: for each frame, we compute an adjustment map that indicates how each of its pixels should be modified in order to appear as if it was captured with the tonal settings of the anchor. The adjustment map is efficiently updated between successive frames by taking advantage of temporal video coherence and the global nature of the tonal fluctuations. Once a sequence has been aligned, it is possible to generate smooth tonal transitions between anchors, and also further control its tonal characteristics in a consistent and principled manner, which is difficult to do without incurring strong artifacts when operating on unstable sequences. We demonstrate the utility of our method using a number of clips captured with a variety of video cameras, and believe that it is well-suited for integration into today's non-linear video editing tools.	Tonal stabilization of video	NA:NA	2018
Mark Meyer	NA	Session details: Fast simulation	NA	2018
Nobuyuki Umetani:Danny M. Kaufman:Takeo Igarashi:Eitan Grinspun	We present a novel interactive tool for garment design that enables, for the first time, interactive bidirectional editing between 2D patterns and 3D high-fidelity simulated draped forms. This provides a continuous, interactive, and natural design modality in which 2D and 3D representations are simultaneously visible and seamlessly maintain correspondence. Artists can now interactively edit 2D pattern designs and immediately obtain stable accurate feedback online, thus enabling rapid prototyping and an intuitive understanding of complex drape form.	Sensitive couture for interactive garment modeling and editing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jernej Barbič:Yili Zhao	This paper shows a method to extend 3D nonlinear elasticity model reduction to open-loop multi-level reduced deformable structures. Given a volumetric mesh, we decompose the mesh into several subdomains, build a reduced deformable model for each domain, and connect the domains using inertia coupling. This makes model reduction deformable simulations much more versatile: localized deformations can be supported without prohibitive computational costs, parts can be re-used and precomputation times shortened. Our method does not use constraints, and can handle large domain rigid body motion in addition to large deformations, due to our derivation of the gradient and Hessian of the rotation matrix in polar decomposition. We show real-time examples with multi-level domain hierarchies and hundreds of reduced degrees of freedom.	Real-time large-deformation substructuring	NA:NA	2018
Matthias Müller:Nuttapong Chentanez	We propose a new fast and robust method to simulate various types of solid including rigid, plastic and soft bodies as well as one, two and three dimensional structures such as ropes, cloth and volumetric objects. The underlying idea is to use oriented particles that store rotation and spin, along with the usual linear attributes, i.e. position and velocity. This additional information adds substantially to traditional particle methods. First, particles can be represented by anisotropic shapes such as ellipsoids, which approximate surfaces more accurately than spheres. Second, shape matching becomes robust for sparse structures such as chains of particles or even single particles because the undefined degrees of freedom are captured in the rotational states of the particles. Third, the full transformation stored in the particles, including translation and rotation, can be used for robust skinning of graphical meshes and for transforming plastic deformations back into the rest state.	Solid simulation with oriented particles	NA:NA	2018
Ladislav Kavan:Dan Gerszewski:Adam W. Bargteil:Peter-Pike Sloan	We propose a method for learning linear upsampling operators for physically-based cloth simulation, allowing us to enrich coarse meshes with mid-scale details in minimal time and memory budgets, as required in computer games. In contrast to classical subdivision schemes, our operators adapt to a specific context (e.g. a flag flapping in the wind or a skirt worn by a character), which allows them to achieve higher detail. Our method starts by pre-computing a pair of coarse and fine training simulations aligned with tracking constraints using harmonic test functions. Next, we train the upsampling operators with a new regularization method that enables us to learn mid-scale details without overfitting. We demonstrate generalizability to unseen conditions such as different wind velocities or novel character motions. Finally, we discuss how to re-introduce high frequency details not explainable by the coarse mesh alone using oscillatory modes.	Physics-inspired upsampling for cloth simulation in games	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kari Pulli	NA	Session details: Stereo & disparity	NA	2018
Simon Heinzle:Pierre Greisen:David Gallup:Christine Chen:Daniel Saner:Aljoscha Smolic:Andreas Burg:Wojciech Matusik:Markus Gross	Stereoscopic 3D has gained significant importance in the entertainment industry. However, production of high quality stereoscopic content is still a challenging art that requires mastering the complex interplay of human perception, 3D display properties, and artistic intent. In this paper, we present a computational stereo camera system that closes the control loop from capture and analysis to automatic adjustment of physical parameters. Intuitive interaction metaphors are developed that replace cumbersome handling of rig parameters using a touch screen interface with 3D visualization. Our system is designed to make stereoscopic 3D production as easy, intuitive, flexible, and reliable as possible. Captured signals are processed and analyzed in real-time on a stream processor. Stereoscopy and user settings define programmable control functionalities, which are executed in real-time on a control processor. Computational power and flexibility is enabled by a dedicated software and hardware architecture. We show that even traditionally difficult shots can be easily captured using our system.	Computational stereo camera system with programmable control loop	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gordon Wetzstein:Douglas Lanman:Wolfgang Heidrich:Ramesh Raskar	We develop tomographic techniques for image synthesis on displays composed of compact volumes of light-attenuating material. Such volumetric attenuators recreate a 4D light field or high-contrast 2D image when illuminated by a uniform backlight. Since arbitrary oblique views may be inconsistent with any single attenuator, iterative tomographic reconstruction minimizes the difference between the emitted and target light fields, subject to physical constraints on attenuation. As multi-layer generalizations of conventional parallax barriers, such displays are shown, both by theory and experiment, to exceed the performance of existing dual-layer architectures. For 3D display, spatial resolution, depth of field, and brightness are increased, compared to parallax barriers. For a plane at a fixed depth, our optimization also allows optimal construction of high dynamic range displays, confirming existing heuristics and providing the first extension to multiple, disjoint layers. We conclude by demonstrating the benefits and limitations of attenuation-based light field displays using an inexpensive fabrication method: separating multiple printed transparencies with acrylic sheets.	Layered 3D: tomographic image synthesis for attenuation-based light field and high dynamic range displays	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Piotr Didyk:Tobias Ritschel:Elmar Eisemann:Karol Myszkowski:Hans-Peter Seidel	Binocular disparity is an important cue for the human visual system to recognize spatial layout, both in reality and simulated virtual worlds. This paper introduces a perceptual model of disparity for computer graphics that is used to define a metric to compare a stereo image to an alternative stereo image and to estimate the magnitude of the perceived disparity change. Our model can be used to assess the effect of disparity to control the level of undesirable distortions or enhancements (introduced on purpose). A number of psycho-visual experiments are conducted to quantify the mutual effect of disparity magnitude and frequency to derive the model. Besides difference prediction, other applications include compression, and re-targeting. We also present novel applications in form of hybrid stereo images and backward-compatible stereo. The latter minimizes disparity in order to convey a stereo impression if special equipment is used but produces images that appear almost ordinary to the naked eye. The validity of our model and difference metric is again confirmed in a study.	A perceptual model for disparity	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eitan Grinspun	NA	Session details: Fun with shapes	NA	2018
Shiqing Xin:Chi-Fu Lai:Chi-Wing Fu:Tien-Tsin Wong:Ying He:Daniel Cohen-Or	A 3D burr puzzle is a 3D model that consists of interlocking pieces with a single-key property. That is, when the puzzle is assembled, all the pieces are notched except one single key component which remains mobile. The intriguing property of the assembled burr puzzle is that it is stable, perfectly interlocked, without glue or screws, etc. Moreover, a burr puzzle consisting of a small number of pieces is still rather difficult to solve since the assembly must follow certain orders while the combinatorial complexity of the puzzle's piece arrangements is extremely high. In this paper, we generalize the 6-piece orthogonal burr puzzle (a knot) to design and model burr puzzles from 3D models. Given a 3D input model, we first interactively embed a network of knots into the 3D shape. Our method automatically optimizes and arranges the orientation of each knot, and modifies pieces of adjacent knots with an appropriate connection type. Then, following the geometry of the embedded pieces, the entire 3D model is partitioned by splitting the solid while respecting the assembly motion of embedded pieces. The main technical challenge is to enforce the single-key property and ensure the assembly/disassembly remains feasible, as the puzzle pieces in a network of knots are highly interlocked. Lastly, we also present an automated approach to generate the visualizations of the puzzle assembly process.	Making burr puzzles from 3D models	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xian-Ying Li:Tao Ju:Yan Gu:Shi-Min Hu	Pop-up books are a fascinating form of paper art with intriguing geometric properties. In this paper, we present a systematic study of a simple but common class of pop-ups consisting of patches falling into four parallel groups, which we call v-style pop-ups. We give sufficient conditions for a v-style paper structure to be pop-uppable. That is, it can be closed flat while maintaining the rigidity of the patches, the closing and opening do not need extra force besides holding two patches and are free of intersections, and the closed paper is contained within the page border. These conditions allow us to identify novel mechanisms for making pop-ups. Based on the theory and mechanisms, we developed an interactive tool for designing v-style pop-ups and an automated construction algorithm from a given geometry, both of which guaranteeing the pop-uppability of the results.	A geometric study of v-style pop-ups: theories and algorithms	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Johannes Kopf:Dani Lischinski	We describe a novel algorithm for extracting a resolution-independent vector representation from pixel art images, which enables magnifying the results by an arbitrary amount without image degradation. Our algorithm resolves pixel-scale features in the input and converts them into regions with smoothly varying shading that are crisply separated by piecewise-smooth contour curves. In the original image, pixels are represented on a square pixel lattice, where diagonal neighbors are only connected through a single point. This causes thin features to become visually disconnected under magnification by conventional means, and creates ambiguities in the connectedness and separation of diagonal neighbors. The key to our algorithm is in resolving these ambiguities. This enables us to reshape the pixel cells so that neighboring pixels belonging to the same feature are connected through edges, thereby preserving the feature connectivity under magnification. We reduce pixel aliasing artifacts and improve smoothness by fitting spline curves to contours in the image and optimizing their control points.	Depixelizing pixel art	NA:NA	2018
Ron Maharik:Mikhail Bessmeltsev:Alla Sheffer:Ariel Shamir:Nathan Carr	We present an algorithm for creating digital micrography images, or micrograms, a special type of calligrams created from minuscule text. These attractive text-art works successfully combine beautiful images with readable meaningful text. Traditional micrograms are created by highly skilled artists and involve a huge amount of tedious manual work. We aim to simplify this process by providing a computerized digital micrography design tool. The main challenge in creating digital micrograms is designing textual layouts that simultaneously convey the input image, are readable and appealing. To generate such layout we use the streamlines of singularity free, low curvature, smooth vector fields, especially designed for our needs. The vector fields are computed using a new approach which controls field properties via a priori boundary condition design that balances the different requirements we aim to satisfy. The optimal boundary conditions are computed using a graph-cut approach balancing local and global design considerations. The generated layouts are further processed to obtain the final micrograms. Our method automatically generates engaging, readable micrograms starting from a vector image and an input text while providing a variety of optional high-level controls to the user.	Digital micrography	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yaron Lipman	NA	Session details: Discrete differential geometry	NA	2018
Pengbo Bo:Helmut Pottmann:Martin Kilian:Wenping Wang:Johannes Wallner	The most important guiding principle in computational methods for freeform architecture is the balance between cost efficiency on the one hand, and adherence to the design intent on the other. Key issues are the simplicity of supporting and connecting elements as well as repetition of costly parts. This paper proposes so-called circular arc structures as a means to faithfully realize freeform designs without giving up smooth appearance. In contrast to non-smooth meshes with straight edges where geometric complexity is concentrated in the nodes, we stay with smooth surfaces and rather distribute complexity in a uniform way by allowing edges in the shape of circular arcs. We are able to achieve the simplest possible shape of nodes without interfering with known panel optimization algorithms. We study remarkable special cases of circular arc structures which possess simple supporting elements or repetitive edges, we present the first global approximation method for principal patches, and we show an extension to volumetric structures for truly three-dimensional designs.	Circular arc structures	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marc Alexa:Max Wardetzky	While the theory and applications of discrete Laplacians on triangulated surfaces are well developed, far less is known about the general polygonal case. We present here a principled approach for constructing geometric discrete Laplacians on surfaces with arbitrary polygonal faces, encompassing non-planar and non-convex polygons. Our construction is guided by closely mimicking structural properties of the smooth Laplace--Beltrami operator. Among other features, our construction leads to an extension of the widely employed cotan formula from triangles to polygons. Besides carefully laying out theoretical aspects, we demonstrate the versatility of our approach for a variety of geometry processing applications, embarking on situations that would have been more difficult to achieve based on geometric Laplacians for simplicial meshes or purely combinatorial Laplacians for general meshes.	Discrete Laplacians on general polygonal meshes	NA:NA	2018
Patrick Mullen:Pooran Memari:Fernando de Goes:Mathieu Desbrun	We introduce Hodge-optimized triangulations (HOT), a family of well-shaped primal-dual pairs of complexes designed for fast and accurate computations in computer graphics. Previous work most commonly employs barycentric or circumcentric duals; while barycentric duals guarantee that the dual of each simplex lies within the simplex, circumcentric duals are often preferred due to the induced orthogonality between primal and dual complexes. We instead promote the use of weighted duals ("power diagrams"). They allow greater flexibility in the location of dual vertices while keeping primal-dual orthogonality, thus providing a valuable extension to the usual choices of dual by only adding one additional scalar per primal vertex. Furthermore, we introduce a family of functionals on pairs of complexes that we derive from bounds on the errors induced by diagonal Hodge stars, commonly used in discrete computations. The minimizers of these functionals, called HOT meshes, are shown to be generalizations of Centroidal Voronoi Tesselations and Optimal Delaunay Triangulations, and to provide increased accuracy and flexibility for a variety of computational purposes.	HOT: Hodge-optimized triangulations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Keenan Crane:Ulrich Pinkall:Peter Schröder	We introduce a new method for computing conformal transformations of triangle meshes in R3. Conformal maps are desirable in digital geometry processing because they do not exhibit shear, and therefore preserve texture fidelity as well as the quality of the mesh itself. Traditional discretizations consider maps into the complex plane, which are useful only for problems such as surface parameterization and planar shape deformation where the target surface is flat. We instead consider maps into the quaternions H, which allows us to work directly with surfaces sitting in R3. In particular, we introduce a quaternionic Dirac operator and use it to develop a novel integrability condition on conformal deformations. Our discretization of this condition results in a sparse linear system that is simple to build and can be used to efficiently edit surfaces by manipulating curvature and boundary data, as demonstrated via several mesh processing applications.	Spin transformations of discrete surfaces	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ariel Shamir	NA	Session details: Interactive image editing	NA	2018
Hsiang-Ting Chen:Li-Yi Wei:Chun-Fa Chang	Revision control is a vital component of digital project management and has been widely deployed for text files. Binary files, on the other hand, have received relatively less attention. This can be inconvenient for graphics applications that use a significant amount of binary data, such as images, videos, meshes, and animations. Existing strategies such as storing whole files for individual revisions or simple binary deltas could consume significant storage and obscure vital semantic information. We present a nonlinear revision control system for images, designed with the common digital editing and sketching workflows in mind. We use DAG (directed acyclic graph) as the core structure, with DAG nodes representing editing operations and DAG edges the corresponding spatial, temporal and semantic relationships. We visualize our DAG in RevG (revision graph), which provides not only as a meaningful display of the revision history but also an intuitive interface for common revision control operations such as review, replay, diff, addition, branching, merging, and conflict resolving. Beyond revision control, our system also facilitates artistic creation processes in common image editing and digital painting workflows. We have built a prototype system upon GIMP, an open source image editor, and demonstrate its effectiveness through formative user study and comparisons with alternative revision control systems.	Nonlinear revision control for images	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bill Mark	NA	Session details: Real-time rendering hardware	NA	2018
Samuli Laine:Timo Aila:Tero Karras:Jaakko Lehtinen	We present a novel method for increasing the efficiency of stochastic rasterization of motion and defocus blur. Contrary to earlier approaches, our method is efficient even with the low sampling densities commonly encountered in realtime rendering, while allowing the use of arbitrary sampling patterns for maximal image quality. Our clipless dual-space formulation avoids problems with triangles that cross the camera plane during the shutter interval. The method is also simple to plug into existing rendering systems.	Clipless dual-space bounds for faster stochastic rasterization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tim Foley:Pat Hanrahan	In creating complex real-time shaders, programmers should be able to decompose code into independent, localized modules of their choosing. Current real-time shading languages, however, enforce a fixed decomposition into per-pipeline-stage procedures. Program concerns at other scales -- including those that cross-cut multiple pipeline stages -- cannot be expressed as reusable modules. We present a shading language, Spark, and its implementation for modern graphics hardware that improves support for separation of concerns into modules. A Spark shader class can encapsulate code that maps to more than one pipeline stage, and can be extended and composed using object-oriented inheritance. In our tests, shaders written in Spark achieve performance within 2% of HLSL.	Spark: modular, composable shaders for graphics hardware	NA:NA	2018
Jane McGonigal	NA	Keynote: Jane McGonigal	NA	2018
Jack M. Wang:Samuel R. Hamner:Scott L. Delp:Vladlen Koltun	We present a technique for automatically synthesizing walking and running controllers for physically-simulated 3D humanoid characters. The sagittal hip, knee, and ankle degrees-of-freedom are actuated using a set of eight Hill-type musculotendon models in each leg, with biologically-motivated control laws. The parameters of these control laws are set by an optimization procedure that satisfies a number of locomotion task terms while minimizing a biological model of metabolic energy expenditure. We show that the use of biologically-based actuators and objectives measurably increases the realism of gaits generated by locomotion controllers that operate without the use of motion capture data, and that metabolic energy expenditure provides a simple and unifying measurement of effort that can be used for both walking and running control optimization.	Optimizing locomotion controllers using biologically-based actuators and objectives	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jie Tan:Greg Turk:C. Karen Liu	We present a physically-based system to simulate and control the locomotion of soft body characters without skeletons. We use the finite element method to simulate the deformation of the soft body, and we instrument a character with muscle fibers to allow it to actively control its shape. To perform locomotion, we use a variety of intuitive controls such as moving a point on the character, specifying the center of mass or the angular momentum, and maintaining balance. These controllers yield an objective function that is passed to our optimization solver, which handles convex quadratic program with linear complementarity constraints. This solver determines the new muscle fiber lengths, and moreover it determines whether each point of contact should remain static, slide, or lift away from the floor. Our system can automatically find an appropriate combination of muscle contractions that enables a soft character to fulfill various locomotion tasks, including walking, jumping, crawling, rolling and balancing.	Soft body locomotion	NA:NA:NA	2018
Marek Vondrak:Leonid Sigal:Jessica Hodgins:Odest Jenkins	Marker-less motion capture is a challenging problem, particularly when only monocular video is available. We estimate human motion from monocular video by recovering three-dimensional controllers capable of implicitly simulating the observed human behavior and replaying this behavior in other environments and under physical perturbations. Our approach employs a state-space biped controller with a balance feedback mechanism that encodes control as a sequence of simple control tasks. Transitions among these tasks are triggered on time and on proprioceptive events (e.g., contact). Inference takes the form of optimal control where we optimize a high-dimensional vector of control parameters and the structure of the controller based on an objective function that compares the resulting simulated motion with input observations. We illustrate our approach by automatically estimating controllers for a variety of motions directly from monocular video. We show that the estimation of controller structure through incremental optimization and refinement leads to controllers that are more stable and that better approximate the reference motion. We demonstrate our approach by capturing sequences of walking, jumping, and gymnastics.	Video-based 3D motion capture through biped control	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sergey Levine:Jack M. Wang:Alexis Haraux:Zoran Popović:Vladlen Koltun	Interactive, task-guided character controllers must be agile and responsive to user input, while retaining the flexibility to be readily authored and modified by the designer. Central to a method's ease of use is its capacity to synthesize character motion for novel situations without requiring excessive data or programming effort. In this work, we present a technique that animates characters performing user-specified tasks by using a probabilistic motion model, which is trained on a small number of artist-provided animation clips. The method uses a low-dimensional space learned from the example motions to continuously control the character's pose to accomplish the desired task. By controlling the character through a reduced space, our method can discover new transitions, tractably precompute a control policy, and avoid low quality poses.	Continuous character control with low-dimensional embeddings	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaobai Chen:Abulhair Saparov:Bill Pang:Thomas Funkhouser	This paper investigates "Schelling points" on 3D meshes, feature points selected by people in a pure coordination game due to their salience. To collect data for this investigation, we designed an online experiment that asked people to select points on 3D surfaces that they expect will be selected by other people. We then analyzed properties of the selected points, finding that: 1) Schelling point sets are usually highly symmetric, and 2) local curvature properties (e.g., Gauss curvature) are most helpful for identifying obvious Schelling points (tips of protrusions), but 3) global properties (e.g., segment centeredness, proximity to a symmetry axis, etc.) are required to explain more subtle features. Based on these observations, we use regression analysis to combine multiple properties into an analytical model that predicts where Schelling points are likely to be on new meshes. We find that this model benefits from a variety of surface properties, particularly when training data comes from examples in the same object class.	Schelling points on 3D surface meshes	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Maks Ovsjanikov:Mirela Ben-Chen:Justin Solomon:Adrian Butscher:Leonidas Guibas	We present a novel representation of maps between pairs of shapes that allows for efficient inference and manipulation. Key to our approach is a generalization of the notion of map that puts in correspondence real-valued functions rather than points on the shapes. By choosing a multi-scale basis for the function space on each shape, such as the eigenfunctions of its Laplace-Beltrami operator, we obtain a representation of a map that is very compact, yet fully suitable for global inference. Perhaps more remarkably, most natural constraints on a map, such as descriptor preservation, landmark correspondences, part preservation and operator commutativity become linear in this formulation. Moreover, the representation naturally supports certain algebraic operations such as map sum, difference and composition, and enables a number of applications, such as function or annotation transfer without establishing point-to-point correspondences. We exploit these properties to devise an efficient shape matching method, at the core of which is a single linear solve. The new method achieves state-of-the-art results on an isometric shape matching benchmark. We also show how this representation can be used to improve the quality of maps produced by existing shape matching methods, and illustrate its usefulness in segmentation transfer and joint analysis of shape collections.	Functional maps: a flexible representation of maps between shapes	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mathias Eitz:Ronald Richter:Tamy Boubekeur:Kristian Hildebrand:Marc Alexa	We develop a system for 3D object retrieval based on sketched feature lines as input. For objective evaluation, we collect a large number of query sketches from human users that are related to an existing data base of objects. The sketches turn out to be generally quite abstract with large local and global deviations from the original shape. Based on this observation, we decide to use a bag-of-features approach over computer generated line drawings of the objects. We develop a targeted feature transform based on Gabor filters for this system. We can show objectively that this transform is better suited than other approaches from the literature developed for similar tasks. Moreover, we demonstrate how to optimize the parameters of our, as well as other approaches, based on the gathered sketches. In the resulting comparison, our approach is significantly better than any other system described so far.	Sketch-based shape retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jonathan Ragan-Kelley:Andrew Adams:Sylvain Paris:Marc Levoy:Saman Amarasinghe:Frédo Durand	Using existing programming tools, writing high-performance image processing code requires sacrificing readability, portability, and modularity. We argue that this is a consequence of conflating what computations define the algorithm, with decisions about storage and the order of computation. We refer to these latter two concerns as the schedule, including choices of tiling, fusion, recomputation vs. storage, vectorization, and parallelism. We propose a representation for feed-forward imaging pipelines that separates the algorithm from its schedule, enabling high-performance without sacrificing code clarity. This decoupling simplifies the algorithm specification: images and intermediate buffers become functions over an infinite integer domain, with no explicit storage or boundary conditions. Imaging pipelines are compositions of functions. Programmers separately specify scheduling strategies for the various functions composing the algorithm, which allows them to efficiently explore different optimizations without changing the algorithmic code. We demonstrate the power of this representation by expressing a range of recent image processing applications in an embedded domain specific language called Halide, and compiling them for ARM, x86, and GPUs. Our compiler targets SIMD units, multiple cores, and complex memory hierarchies. We demonstrate that it can handle algorithms such as a camera raw pipeline, the bilateral grid, fast local Laplacian filtering, and image segmentation. The algorithms expressed in our language are both shorter and faster than state-of-the-art implementations.	Decoupling algorithms from schedules for easy optimization of image processing pipelines	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eduardo S. L. Gastal:Manuel M. Oliveira	We present a technique for performing high-dimensional filtering of images and videos in real time. Our approach produces high-quality results and accelerates filtering by computing the filter's response at a reduced set of sampling points, and using these for interpolation at all N input pixels. We show that for a proper choice of these sampling points, the total cost of the filtering operation is linear both in N and in the dimension d of the space in which the filter operates. As such, ours is the first high-dimensional filter with such a complexity. We present formal derivations for the equations that define our filter, as well as for an algorithm to compute the sampling points. This provides a sound theoretical justification for our method and for its properties. The resulting filter is quite flexible, being capable of producing responses that approximate either standard Gaussian, bilateral, or non-local-means filters. Such flexibility also allows us to demonstrate the first hybrid Euclidean-geodesic filter that runs in a single pass. Our filter is faster and requires less memory than previous approaches, being able to process a 10-Megapixel full-color image at 50 fps on modern GPUs. We illustrate the effectiveness of our approach by performing a variety of tasks ranging from edge-aware color filtering in 5-D, noise reduction (using up to 147 dimensions), single-pass hybrid Euclidean-geodesic filtering, and detail enhancement, among others.	Adaptive manifolds for real-time high-dimensional filtering	NA:NA	2018
Manuel Lang:Oliver Wang:Tunc Aydin:Aljoscha Smolic:Markus Gross	We present an efficient and simple method for introducing temporal consistency to a large class of optimization driven image-based computer graphics problems. Our method extends recent work in edge-aware filtering, approximating costly global regularization with a fast iterative joint filtering operation. Using this representation, we can achieve tremendous efficiency gains both in terms of memory requirements and running time. This enables us to process entire shots at once, taking advantage of supporting information that exists across far away frames, something that is difficult with existing approaches due to the computational burden of video data. Our method is able to filter along motion paths using an iterative approach that simultaneously uses and estimates per-pixel optical flow vectors. We demonstrate its utility by creating temporally consistent results for a number of applications including optical flow, disparity estimation, colorization, scribble propagation, sparse data up-sampling, and visual saliency computation.	Practical temporal consistency for image-based graphics applications	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Peng Guan:Loretta Reiss:David A. Hirshberg:Alexander Weiss:Michael J. Black	We describe a complete system for animating realistic clothing on synthetic bodies of any shape and pose without manual intervention. The key component of the method is a model of clothing called DRAPE (DRessing Any PErson) that is learned from a physics-based simulation of clothing on bodies of different shapes and poses. The DRAPE model has the desirable property of "factoring" clothing deformations due to body shape from those due to pose variation. This factorization provides an approximation to the physical clothing deformation and greatly simplifies clothing synthesis. Given a parameterized model of the human body with known shape and pose parameters, we describe an algorithm that dresses the body with a garment that is customized to fit and possesses realistic wrinkles. DRAPE can be used to dress static bodies or animated sequences with a learned model of the cloth dynamics. Since the method is fully automated, it is appropriate for dressing large numbers of virtual characters of varying shape. The method is significantly more efficient than physical simulation.	DRAPE: DRessing Any PErson	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Remi Brouet:Alla Sheffer:Laurence Boissieux:Marie-Paule Cani	We present a fully automatic method for design-preserving transfer of garments between characters with different body shapes. For real-life garments, such transfer is performed through a knowledge intensive and time consuming process, known as pattern grading. Our first contribution is to reformulate the criteria used in professional pattern-grading as a set of geometric requirements, respectively expressing shape or design preservation, proportionality, and fit. We then propose a fully automatic garment transfer algorithm which satisfies all of these criteria while ensuring the physical plausibility of the result. Specifically, we formulate garment transfer as a constrained optimization problem and solve it efficiently through iterative quadratic minimization. As demonstrated by our results, our method is able to automatically generate design-preserving versions of existing garments for target characters whose proportions and body shape significantly differ from those of the source. The method correctly handles the transfer of multiple layers of garment. Lastly, when source 2D patterns are available, we output graded patterns suitable for manufacturing the transferred garments. Our fully automatic design-preserving transfer method leads to significant time savings for both computer artists and fashion designers.	Design preserving garment transfer	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Cem Yuksel:Jonathan M. Kaldor:Doug L. James:Steve Marschner	Recent yarn-based simulation techniques permit realistic and efficient dynamic simulation of knitted clothing, but producing the required yarn-level models remains a challenge. The lack of practical modeling techniques significantly limits the diversity and complexity of knitted garments that can be simulated. We propose a new modeling technique that builds yarn-level models of complex knitted garments for virtual characters. We start with a polygonal model that represents the large-scale surface of the knitted cloth. Using this mesh as an input, our interactive modeling tool produces a finer mesh representing the layout of stitches in the garment, which we call the stitch mesh. By manipulating this mesh and assigning stitch types to its faces, the user can replicate a variety of complicated knitting patterns. The curve model representing the yarn is generated from the stitch mesh, then the final shape is computed by a yarn-level physical simulation that locally relaxes the yarn into realistic shape while preserving global shape of the garment and avoiding "yarn pull-through," thereby producing valid yarn geometry suitable for dynamic simulation. Using our system, we can efficiently create yarn-level models of knitted clothing with a rich variety of patterns that would be completely impractical to model using traditional techniques. We show a variety of example knitting patterns and full-scale garments produced using our system.	Stitch meshes for modeling knitted clothing with yarn-level detail	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Min H. Kim:Todd Alan Harvey:David S. Kittle:Holly Rushmeier:Julie Dorsey:Richard O. Prum:David J. Brady	Sophisticated methods for true spectral rendering have been developed in computer graphics to produce highly accurate images. In addition to traditional applications in visualizing appearance, such methods have potential applications in many areas of scientific study. In particular, we are motivated by the application of studying avian vision and appearance. An obstacle to using graphics in this application is the lack of reliable input data. We introduce an end-to-end measurement system for capturing spectral data on 3D objects. We present the modification of a recently developed hyperspectral imager to make it suitable for acquiring such data in a wide spectral range at high spectral and spatial resolution. We capture four megapixel images, with data at each pixel from the near-ultraviolet (359 nm) to near-infrared (1,003 nm) at 12 nm spectral resolution. We fully characterize the imaging system, and document its accuracy. This imager is integrated into a 3D scanning system to enable the measurement of the diffuse spectral reflectance and fluorescence of specimens. We demonstrate the use of this measurement system in the study of the interplay between the visual capabilities and appearance of birds. We show further the use of the system in gaining insight into artifacts from geology and cultural heritage.	3D imaging spectroscopy for measuring hyperspectral patterns on solid objects	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Matthew O'Toole:Ramesh Raskar:Kiriakos N. Kutulakos	We present primal-dual coding, a photography technique that enables direct fine-grain control over which light paths contribute to a photo. We achieve this by projecting a sequence of patterns onto the scene while the sensor is exposed to light. At the same time, a second sequence of patterns, derived from the first and applied in lockstep, modulates the light received at individual sensor pixels. We show that photography in this regime is equivalent to a matrix probing operation in which the elements of the scene's transport matrix are individually re-scaled and then mapped to the photo. This makes it possible to directly acquire photos in which specific light transport paths have been blocked, attenuated or enhanced. We show captured photos for several scenes with challenging light transport effects, including specular inter-reflections, caustics, diffuse inter-reflections and volumetric scattering. A key feature of primal-dual coding is that it operates almost exclusively in the optical domain: our results consist of directly-acquired, unprocessed RAW photos or differences between them.	Primal-dual coding to probe light transport	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yue Dong:Xin Tong:Fabio Pellacini:Baining Guo	We present a solution for viewing high dynamic range (HDR) images with spatially-varying distributions of glossy materials printed on reflective media. Our method exploits appearance variations of the glossy materials in the angular domain to display the input HDR image at different exposures. As viewers change the print orientation or lighting directions, the print gradually varies its appearance to display the image content from the darkest to the brightest levels. Our solution is based on a commercially available printing system and is fully automatic. Given the input HDR image and the BRDFs of a set of available inks, our method computes the optimal exposures of the HDR image for all viewing conditions and the optimal ink combinations for all pixels by minimizing the difference of their appearances under all viewing conditions. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method with print samples generated from different inputs and visualized under different viewing and lighting conditions.	Printing spatially-varying reflectance for reproducing HDR images	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuting Ye:C. Karen Liu	Capturing human activities that involve both gross full-body motion and detailed hand manipulation of objects is challenging for standard motion capture systems. We introduce a new method for creating natural scenes with such human activities. The input to our method includes motions of the full-body and the objects acquired simultaneously by a standard motion capture system. Our method then automatically synthesizes detailed and physically plausible hand manipulation that can seamlessly integrate with the input motions. Instead of producing one "optimal" solution, our method presents a set of motions that exploit a wide variety of manipulation strategies. We propose a randomized sampling algorithm to search for as many as possible visually diverse solutions within the computational time budget. Our results highlight complex strategies human hands employ effortlessly and unconsciously, such as static, sliding, rolling, as well as finger gaits with discrete relocation of contact points.	Synthesis of detailed hand manipulations using contact sampling	NA:NA	2018
Sang Hoon Yeo:Martin Lesmana:Debanga R. Neog:Dinesh K. Pai	We present a novel framework for animating human characters performing fast visually guided tasks, such as catching a ball. The main idea is to consider the coordinated dynamics of sensing and movement. Based on experimental evidence about such behaviors, we propose a generative model that constructs interception behavior online, using discrete submovements directed by uncertain visual estimates of target movement. An important aspect of this framework is that eye movements are included as well, and play a central role in coordinating movements of the head, hand, and body. We show that this framework efficiently generates plausible movements and generalizes well to novel scenarios.	Eyecatch: simulating visuomotor coordination for object interception	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Igor Mordatch:Emanuel Todorov:Zoran Popović	We present a motion synthesis framework capable of producing a wide variety of important human behaviors that have rarely been studied, including getting up from the ground, crawling, climbing, moving heavy objects, acrobatics (hand-stands in particular), and various cooperative actions involving two characters and their manipulation of the environment. Our framework is not specific to humans, but applies to characters of arbitrary morphology and limb configuration. The approach is fully automatic and does not require domain knowledge specific to each behavior. It also does not require pre-existing examples or motion capture data. At the core of our framework is the contact-invariant optimization (CIO) method we introduce here. It enables simultaneous optimization of contact and behavior. This is done by augmenting the search space with scalar variables that indicate whether a potential contact should be active in a given phase of the movement. These auxiliary variables affect not only the cost function but also the dynamics (by enabling and disabling contact forces), and are optimized together with the movement trajectory. Additional innovations include a continuation scheme allowing helper forces at the potential contacts rather than the torso, as well as a feature-based model of physics which is particularly well-suited to the CIO framework. We expect that CIO can also be used with a full physics model, but leave that extension for future work.	Discovery of complex behaviors through contact-invariant optimization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mathias Eitz:James Hays:Marc Alexa	Humans have used sketching to depict our visual world since prehistoric times. Even today, sketching is possibly the only rendering technique readily available to all humans. This paper is the first large scale exploration of human sketches. We analyze the distribution of non-expert sketches of everyday objects such as 'teapot' or 'car'. We ask humans to sketch objects of a given category and gather 20,000 unique sketches evenly distributed over 250 object categories. With this dataset we perform a perceptual study and find that humans can correctly identify the object category of a sketch 73% of the time. We compare human performance against computational recognition methods. We develop a bag-of-features sketch representation and use multi-class support vector machines, trained on our sketch dataset, to classify sketches. The resulting recognition method is able to identify unknown sketches with 56% accuracy (chance is 0.4%). Based on the computational model, we demonstrate an interactive sketch recognition system. We release the complete crowd-sourced dataset of sketches to the community.	How do humans sketch objects?	NA:NA:NA	2018
Cloud Shao:Adrien Bousseau:Alla Sheffer:Karan Singh	We facilitate the creation of 3D-looking shaded production drawings from concept sketches. The key to our approach is a class of commonly used construction curves known as cross-sections, that function as an aid to both sketch creation and viewer understanding of the depicted 3D shape. In particular, intersections of these curves, or cross-hairs, convey valuable 3D information, that viewers compose into a mental model of the overall sketch. We use the artist-drawn cross-sections to automatically infer the 3D normals across the sketch, enabling 3D-like rendering. The technical contribution of our work is twofold. First, we distill artistic guidelines for drawing cross-sections and insights from perception literature to introduce an explicit mathematical formulation of the relationships between cross-section curves and the geometry they aim to convey. We then use these relationships to develop an algorithm for estimating a normal field from cross-section curve networks and other curves present in concept sketches. We validate our formulation and algorithm through a user study and a ground truth normal comparison. As demonstrated by the examples throughout the paper, these contributions enable us to shade a wide range of concept sketches with a variety of rendering styles.	CrossShade: shading concept sketches using cross-section curves	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jingwan Lu:Fisher Yu:Adam Finkelstein:Stephen DiVerdi	Digital painters commonly use a tablet and stylus to drive software like Adobe Photoshop. A high quality stylus with 6 degrees of freedom (DOFs: 2D position, pressure, 2D tilt, and 1D rotation) coupled to a virtual brush simulation engine allows skilled users to produce expressive strokes in their own style. However, such devices are difficult for novices to control, and many people draw with less expensive (lower DOF) input devices. This paper presents a data-driven approach for synthesizing the 6D hand gesture data for users of low-quality input devices. Offline, we collect a library of strokes with 6D data created by trained artists. Online, given a query stroke as a series of 2D positions, we synthesize the 4D hand pose data at each sample based on samples from the library that locally match the query. This framework optionally can also modify the stroke trajectory to match characteristic shapes in the style of the library. Our algorithm outputs a 6D trajectory that can be fed into any virtual brush stroke engine to make expressive strokes for novices or users of limited hardware.	HelpingHand: example-based stroke stylization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Moritz Bächer:Bernd Bickel:Doug L. James:Hanspeter Pfister	Articulated deformable characters are widespread in computer animation. Unfortunately, we lack methods for their automatic fabrication using modern additive manufacturing (AM) technologies. We propose a method that takes a skinned mesh as input, then estimates a fabricatable single-material model that approximates the 3D kinematics of the corresponding virtual articulated character in a piecewise linear manner. We first extract a set of potential joint locations. From this set, together with optional, user-specified range constraints, we then estimate mechanical friction joints that satisfy inter-joint non-penetration and other fabrication constraints. To avoid brittle joint designs, we place joint centers on an approximate medial axis representation of the input geometry, and maximize each joint's minimal cross-sectional area. We provide several demonstrations, manufactured as single, assembled pieces using 3D printers.	Fabricating articulated characters from skinned meshes	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ondrej Stava:Juraj Vanek:Bedrich Benes:Nathan Carr:Radomír Měch	The use of 3D printing has rapidly expanded in the past couple of years. It is now possible to produce 3D-printed objects with exceptionally high fidelity and precision. However, although the quality of 3D printing has improved, both the time to print and the material costs have remained high. Moreover, there is no guarantee that a printed model is structurally sound. The printed product often does not survive cleaning, transportation, or handling, or it may even collapse under its own weight. We present a system that addresses this issue by providing automatic detection and correction of the problematic cases. The structural problems are detected by combining a lightweight structural analysis solver with 3D medial axis approximations. After areas with high structural stress are found, the model is corrected by combining three approaches: hollowing, thickening, and strut insertion. Both detection and correction steps are repeated until the problems have been eliminated. Our process is designed to create a model that is visually similar to the original model but possessing greater structural integrity.	Stress relief: improving structural strength of 3D printable objects	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuki Igarashi:Takeo Igarashi:Jun Mitani	We introduce the interactive system "Beady" to assist the design and construction of customized 3D beadwork. The user first creates a polygonal mesh model called the design model that represents the overall structure of the beadwork. Each edge of the mesh model corresponds to a bead in the beadwork. We provide two methods to create the design model. One is interactive modeling from scratch. The user defines the mesh topology with gestural interaction and the system continuously adjusts edge lengths by considering the physical constraints among neighboring beads. The other is automatic conversion that takes an existing polygonal model as input and generates a near-hexagonal mesh model with a near-uniform edge length as output. The system then converts the design model into a beadwork model with the appropriate wiring. Computation of an appropriate wiring path requires careful consideration, and we present an algorithm based on face stripification of the mesh. The system also provides a visual step-by-step guide to assist the manual beadwork construction process. We show several beadwork designs constructed by the authors and by test users using the system.	Beady: interactive beadwork design and construction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sören Pirk:Ondrej Stava:Julian Kratt:Michel Abdul Massih Said:Boris Neubert:Radomír Měch:Bedrich Benes:Oliver Deussen	We present a dynamic tree modeling and representation technique that allows complex tree models to interact with their environment. Our method uses changes in the light distribution and proximity to solid obstacles and other trees as approximations of biologically motivated transformations on a skeletal representation of the tree's main branches and its procedurally generated foliage. Parts of the tree are transformed only when required, thus our approach is much faster than common algorithms such as Open L-Systems or space colonization methods. Input is a skeleton-based tree geometry that can be computed from common tree production systems or from reconstructed laser scanning models. Our approach enables content creators to directly interact with trees and to create visually convincing ecosystems interactively. We present different interaction types and evaluate our method by comparing our transformations to biologically based growth simulation techniques.	Plastic trees: interactive self-adapting botanical tree models	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jaakko Lehtinen:Timo Aila:Samuli Laine:Frédo Durand	Stochastic techniques for rendering indirect illumination suffer from noise due to the variance in the integrand. In this paper, we describe a general reconstruction technique that exploits anisotropy in the light field and permits efficient reuse of input samples between pixels or world-space locations, multiplying the effective sampling rate by a large factor. Our technique introduces visibility-aware anisotropic reconstruction to indirect illumination, ambient occlusion and glossy reflections. It operates on point samples without knowledge of the scene, and can thus be seen as an advanced image filter. Our results show dramatic improvement in image quality while using very sparse input samplings.	Reconstructing the indirect light field for global illumination	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
James Gregson:Michael Krimerman:Matthias B. Hullin:Wolfgang Heidrich	We present a novel approach for highly detailed 3D imaging of turbulent fluid mixing behaviors. The method is based on visible light computed tomography, and is made possible by a new stochastic tomographic reconstruction algorithm based on random walks. We show that this new stochastic algorithm is competitive with specialized tomography solvers such as SART, but can also easily include arbitrary convex regularizers that make it possible to obtain high-quality reconstructions with a very small number of views. Finally, we demonstrate that the same stochastic tomography approach can also be used to directly re-render arbitrary 2D projections without the need to ever store a 3D volume grid.	Stochastic tomography and its applications in 3D imaging of mixing fluids	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Morten Bojsen-Hansen:Hao Li:Chris Wojtan	We present a method for recovering a temporally coherent, deforming triangle mesh with arbitrarily changing topology from an incoherent sequence of static closed surfaces. We solve this problem using the surface geometry alone, without any prior information like surface templates or velocity fields. Our system combines a proven strategy for triangle mesh improvement, a robust multi-resolution non-rigid registration routine, and a reliable technique for changing surface mesh topology. We also introduce a novel topological constraint enforcement algorithm to ensure that the output and input always have similar topology. We apply our technique to a series of diverse input data from video reconstructions, physics simulations, and artistic morphs. The structured output of our algorithm allows us to efficiently track information like colors and displacement maps, recover velocity information, and solve PDEs on the mesh as a post process.	Tracking surfaces with evolving topology	NA:NA:NA	2018
Vladimir G. Kim:Wilmot Li:Niloy J. Mitra:Stephen DiVerdi:Thomas Funkhouser	Large collections of 3D models from the same object class (e.g., chairs, cars, animals) are now commonly available via many public repositories, but exploring the range of shape variations across such collections remains a challenging task. In this work, we present a new exploration interface that allows users to browse collections based on similarities and differences between shapes in user-specified regions of interest (ROIs). To support this interactive system, we introduce a novel analysis method for computing similarity relationships between points on 3D shapes across a collection. We encode the inherent ambiguity in these relationships using fuzzy point correspondences and propose a robust and efficient computational framework that estimates fuzzy correspondences using only a sparse set of pairwise model alignments. We evaluate our analysis method on a range of correspondence benchmarks and report substantial improvements in both speed and accuracy over existing alternatives. In addition, we demonstrate how fuzzy correspondences enable key features in our exploration tool, such as automated view alignment, ROI-based similarity search, and faceted browsing.	Exploring collections of 3D models using fuzzy correspondences	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Evangelos Kalogerakis:Siddhartha Chaudhuri:Daphne Koller:Vladlen Koltun	We present an approach to synthesizing shapes from complex domains, by identifying new plausible combinations of components from existing shapes. Our primary contribution is a new generative model of component-based shape structure. The model represents probabilistic relationships between properties of shape components, and relates them to learned underlying causes of structural variability within the domain. These causes are treated as latent variables, leading to a compact representation that can be effectively learned without supervision from a set of compatibly segmented shapes. We evaluate the model on a number of shape datasets with complex structural variability and demonstrate its application to amplification of shape databases and to interactive shape synthesis.	A probabilistic model for component-based shape synthesis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi-Ting Yeh:Lingfeng Yang:Matthew Watson:Noah D. Goodman:Pat Hanrahan	We present a novel Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) algorithm that generates samples from transdimensional distributions encoding complex constraints. We use factor graphs, a type of graphical model, to encode constraints as factors. Our proposed MCMC method, called locally annealed reversible jump MCMC, exploits knowledge of how dimension changes affect the structure of the factor graph. We employ a sequence of annealed distributions during the sampling process, allowing us to explore the state space across different dimensionalities more freely. This approach is motivated by the application of layout synthesis where relationships between objects are characterized as constraints. In particular, our method addresses the challenge of synthesizing open world layouts where the number of objects are not fixed and optimal configurations for different numbers of objects may be drastically different. We demonstrate the applicability of our approach on two open world layout synthesis problems: coffee shops and golf courses.	Synthesizing open worlds with constraints using locally annealed reversible jump MCMC	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kai Xu:Hao Zhang:Daniel Cohen-Or:Baoquan Chen	We introduce set evolution as a means for creative 3D shape modeling, where an initial population of 3D models is evolved to produce generations of novel shapes. Part of the evolving set is presented to a user as a shape gallery to offer modeling suggestions. User preferences define the fitness for the evolution so that over time, the shape population will mainly consist of individuals with good fitness. However, to inspire the user's creativity, we must also keep the evolving set diverse. Hence the evolution is "fit and diverse", drawing motivation from evolution theory. We introduce a novel part crossover operator which works at the finer-level part structures of the shapes, leading to significant variations and thus increased diversity in the evolved shape structures. Diversity is also achieved by explicitly compromising the fitness scores on a portion of the evolving population. We demonstrate the effectiveness of set evolution on man-made shapes. We show that selecting only models with high fitness leads to an elite population with low diversity. By keeping the population fit and diverse, the evolution can generate inspiring, and sometimes unexpected, shapes.	Fit and diverse: set evolution for inspiring 3D shape galleries	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wenzel Jakob:Steve Marschner	It is a long-standing problem in unbiased Monte Carlo methods for rendering that certain difficult types of light transport paths, particularly those involving viewing and illumination along paths containing specular or glossy surfaces, cause unusably slow convergence. In this paper we introduce Manifold Exploration, a new way of handling specular paths in rendering. It is based on the idea that sets of paths contributing to the image naturally form manifolds in path space, which can be explored locally by a simple equation-solving iteration. This paper shows how to formulate and solve the required equations using only geometric information that is already generally available in ray tracing systems, and how to use this method in in two different Markov Chain Monte Carlo frameworks to accurately compute illumination from general families of paths. The resulting rendering algorithms handle specular, near-specular, glossy, and diffuse surface interactions as well as isotropic or highly anisotropic volume scattering interactions, all using the same fundamental algorithm. An implementation is demonstrated on a range of challenging scenes and evaluated against previous methods.	Manifold exploration: a Markov Chain Monte Carlo technique for rendering scenes with difficult specular transport	NA:NA	2018
Bruce Walter:Pramook Khungurn:Kavita Bala	Scenes modeling the real-world combine a wide variety of phenomena including glossy materials, detailed heterogeneous anisotropic media, subsurface scattering, and complex illumination. Predictive rendering of such scenes is difficult; unbiased algorithms are typically too slow or too noisy. Virtual point light (VPL) based algorithms produce low noise results across a wide range of performance/accuracy tradeoffs, from interactive rendering to high quality offline rendering, but their bias means that locally important illumination features may be missing. We introduce a bidirectional formulation and a set of weighting strategies to significantly reduce the bias in VPL-based rendering algorithms. Our approach, bidirectional lightcuts, maintains the scalability and low noise global illumination advantages of prior VPL-based work, while significantly extending their generality to support a wider range of important materials and visual cues. We demonstrate scalable, efficient, and low noise rendering of scenes with highly complex materials including gloss, BSSRDFs, and anisotropic volumetric models.	Bidirectional lightcuts	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jan Novák:Derek Nowrouzezahrai:Carsten Dachsbacher:Wojciech Jarosz	We present an efficient many-light algorithm for simulating indirect illumination in, and from, participating media. Instead of creating discrete virtual point lights (VPLs) at vertices of random-walk paths, we present a continuous generalization that places virtual ray lights (VRLs) along each path segment in the medium. Furthermore, instead of evaluating the lighting independently at discrete points in the medium, we calculate the contribution of each VRL to entire camera rays through the medium using an efficient Monte Carlo product sampling technique. We prove that by spreading the energy of virtual lights along both light and camera rays, the singularities that typically plague VPL methods are significantly diminished. This greatly reduces the need to clamp energy contributions in the medium, leading to robust and unbiased volumetric lighting not possible with current many-light techniques. Furthermore, by acting as a form of final gather, we obtain higher-quality multiple-scattering than existing density estimation techniques like progressive photon beams.	Virtual ray lights for rendering scenes with participating media	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hagit Schechter:Robert Bridson	We propose a new ghost fluid approach for free surface and solid boundary conditions in Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH) liquid simulations. Prior methods either suffer from a spurious numerical surface tension artifact or drift away from the mass conservation constraint, and do not capture realistic cohesion of liquid to solids. Our Ghost SPH scheme resolves this with a new particle sampling algorithm to create a narrow layer of ghost particles in the surrounding air and solid, with careful extrapolation and treatment of fluid variables to reflect the boundary conditions. We also provide a new, simpler form of artificial viscosity based on XSPH. Examples demonstrate how the new approach captures real liquid behaviour previously unattainable by SPH with very little extra cost.	Ghost SPH for animating water	NA:NA	2018
Nadir Akinci:Markus Ihmsen:Gizem Akinci:Barbara Solenthaler:Matthias Teschner	We propose a momentum-conserving two-way coupling method of SPH fluids and arbitrary rigid objects based on hydrodynamic forces. Our approach samples the surface of rigid bodies with boundary particles that interact with the fluid, preventing deficiency issues and both spatial and temporal discontinuities. The problem of inhomogeneous boundary sampling is addressed by considering the relative contribution of a boundary particle to a physical quantity. This facilitates not only the initialization process but also allows the simulation of multiple dynamic objects. Thin structures consisting of only one layer or one line of boundary particles, and also non-manifold geometries can be handled without any additional treatment. We have integrated our approach into WCSPH and PCISPH, and demonstrate its stability and flexibility with several scenarios including multiphase flow.	Versatile rigid-fluid coupling for incompressible SPH	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Oleksiy Busaryev:Tamal K. Dey:Huamin Wang:Zhong Ren	Bubbles and foams are important features of liquid surface phenomena, but they are difficult to animate due to their thin films and complex interactions in the real world. In particular, small bubbles (having diameter <1cm) in a dense foam are highly affected by surface tension, so their shapes are much less deformable compared with larger bubbles. Under this small bubble assumption, we propose a more accurate and efficient particle-based algorithm to simulate bubble dynamics and interactions. The key component of this algorithm is an approximation of foam geometry, by treating bubble particles as the sites of a weighted Voronoi diagram. The connectivity information provided by the Voronoi diagram allows us to accurately model various interaction effects among bubbles. Using Voronoi cells and weights, we can also explicitly address the volume loss issue in foam simulation, which is a common problem in previous approaches. Under this framework, we present a set of bubble interaction forces to handle miscellaneous foam behaviors, including foam structure under Plateau's laws, clusters formed by liquid surface bubbles, bubble-liquid and bubble-solid coupling, bursting and coalescing. Our experiment shows that this method can be straightforwardly incorporated into existing liquid simulators, and it can efficiently generate realistic foam animations, some of which have never been produced in graphics before.	Animating bubble interactions in a liquid foam	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sunghyun Cho:Jue Wang:Seungyong Lee	Videos captured by hand-held Cameras often contain significant camera shake, causing many frames to be blurry. Restoring shaky videos not only requires smoothing the camera motion and stabilizing the content, but also demands removing blur from video frames. However, video blur is hard to remove using existing single or multiple image deblurring techniques, as the blur kernel is both spatially and temporally varying. This paper presents a video deblurring method that can effectively restore sharp frames from blurry ones caused by camera shake. Our method is built upon the observation that due to the nature of camera shake, not all video frames are equally blurry. The same object may appear sharp on some frames while blurry on others. Our method detects sharp regions in the video, and uses them to restore blurry regions of the same content in nearby frames. Our method also ensures that the deblurred frames are both spatially and temporally coherent using patch-based synthesis. Experimental results show that our method can effectively remove complex video blur under the presence of moving objects and other outliers, which cannot be achieved using previous deconvolution-based approaches.	Video deblurring for hand-held cameras using patch-based synthesis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao-Yu Wu:Michael Rubinstein:Eugene Shih:John Guttag:Frédo Durand:William Freeman	Our goal is to reveal temporal variations in videos that are difficult or impossible to see with the naked eye and display them in an indicative manner. Our method, which we call Eulerian Video Magnification, takes a standard video sequence as input, and applies spatial decomposition, followed by temporal filtering to the frames. The resulting signal is then amplified to reveal hidden information. Using our method, we are able to visualize the flow of blood as it fills the face and also to amplify and reveal small motions. Our technique can run in real time to show phenomena occurring at the temporal frequencies selected by the user.	Eulerian video magnification for revealing subtle changes in the world	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiamin Bai:Aseem Agarwala:Maneesh Agrawala:Ravi Ramamoorthi	We present a semi-automated technique for selectively deanimating video to remove the large-scale motions of one or more objects so that other motions are easier to see. The user draws strokes to indicate the regions of the video that should be immobilized, and our algorithm warps the video to remove the large-scale motion of these regions while leaving finer-scale, relative motions intact. However, such warps may introduce unnatural motions in previously motionless areas, such as background regions. We therefore use a graph-cut-based optimization to composite the warped video regions with still frames from the input video; we also optionally loop the output in a seamless manner. Our technique enables a number of applications such as clearer motion visualization, simpler creation of artistic cinemagraphs (photos that include looping motions in some regions), and new ways to edit appearance and complicated motion paths in video by manipulating a de-animated representation. We demonstrate the success of our technique with a number of motion visualizations, cinemagraphs and video editing examples created from a variety of short input videos, as well as visual and numerical comparison to previous techniques.	Selectively de-animating video	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Floraine Berthouzoz:Wilmot Li:Maneesh Agrawala	We present a set of tools designed to help editors place cuts and create transitions in interview video. To help place cuts, our interface links a text transcript of the video to the corresponding locations in the raw footage. It also visualizes the suitability of cut locations by analyzing the audio/visual features of the raw footage to find frames where the speaker is relatively quiet and still. With these tools editors can directly highlight segments of text, check if the endpoints are suitable cut locations and if so, simply delete the text to make the edit. For each cut our system generates visible (e.g. jump-cut, fade, etc.) and seamless, hidden transitions. We present a hierarchical, graph-based algorithm for efficiently generating hidden transitions that considers visual features specific to interview footage. We also describe a new data-driven technique for setting the timing of the hidden transition. Finally, our tools offer a one click method for seamlessly removing 'ums' and repeated words as well as inserting natural-looking pauses to emphasize semantic content. We apply our tools to edit a variety of interviews and also show how they can be used to quickly compose multiple takes of an actor narrating a story.	Tools for placing cuts and transitions in interview video	NA:NA:NA	2018
James Tompkin:Kwang In Kim:Jan Kautz:Christian Theobalt	The abundance of mobile devices and digital cameras with video capture makes it easy to obtain large collections of video clips that contain the same location, environment, or event. However, such an unstructured collection is difficult to comprehend and explore. We propose a system that analyzes collections of unstructured but related video data to create a Videoscape: a data structure that enables interactive exploration of video collections by visually navigating -- spatially and/or temporally -- between different clips. We automatically identify transition opportunities, or portals. From these portals, we construct the Videoscape, a graph whose edges are video clips and whose nodes are portals between clips. Now structured, the videos can be interactively explored by walking the graph or by geographic map. Given this system, we gauge preference for different video transition styles in a user study, and generate heuristics that automatically choose an appropriate transition style. We evaluate our system using three further user studies, which allows us to conclude that Videoscapes provides significant benefits over related methods. Our system leads to previously unseen ways of interactive spatio-temporal exploration of casually captured videos, and we demonstrate this on several video collections.	Videoscapes: exploring sparse, unstructured video collections	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stelian Coros:Sebastian Martin:Bernhard Thomaszewski:Christian Schumacher:Robert Sumner:Markus Gross	We present a method for controlling the motions of active deformable characters. As an underlying principle, we require that all motions be driven by internal deformations. We achieve this by dynamically adapting rest shapes in order to induce deformations that, together with environment interactions, result in purposeful and physically-plausible motions. Rest shape adaptation is a powerful concept and we show that by restricting shapes to suitable subspaces, it is possible to explicitly control the motion styles of deformable characters. Our formulation is general and can be combined with arbitrary elastic models and locomotion controllers. We demonstrate the efficiency of our method by animating curve, shell, and solid-based characters whose motion repertoires range from simple hopping to complex walking behaviors.	Deformable objects alive!	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jernej Barbič:Funshing Sin:Eitan Grinspun	We present an interactive animation editor for complex deformable object animations. Given an existing animation, the artist directly manipulates the deformable body at any time frame, and the surrounding animation immediately adjusts in response. The automatic adjustments are designed to respect physics, preserve detail in both the input motion and geometry, respect prescribed bilateral contact constraints, and controllably and smoothly decay in space-time. While the utility of interactive editing for rigid body and articulated figure animations is widely recognized, a corresponding approach to deformable bodies has not been technically feasible before. We achieve interactive rates by combining spacetime model reduction, rotation-strain coordinate warping, linearized elasticity, and direct manipulation. This direct editing tool can serve the final stages of animation production, which often call for detailed, direct adjustments that are otherwise tedious to realize by re-simulation or frame-by-frame editing.	Interactive editing of deformable simulations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Klaus Hildebrandt:Christian Schulz:Christoph von Tycowicz:Konrad Polthier	Creating motions of objects or characters that are physically plausible and follow an animator's intent is a key task in computer animation. The spacetime constraints paradigm is a valuable approach to this problem, but it suffers from high computational costs. Based on spacetime constraints, we propose a framework for controlling the motion of deformable objects that offers interactive response times. This is achieved by a model reduction of the underlying variational problem, which combines dimension reduction, multipoint linearization, and decoupling of ODEs. After a preprocess, the cost for creating or editing a motion is reduced to solving a number of one-dimensional spacetime problems, whose solutions are the wiggly splines introduced by Kass and Anderson [2008]. We achieve interactive response times through a new fast and robust numerical scheme for solving the one-dimensional problems that is based on a closed-form representation of the wiggly splines.	Interactive spacetime control of deformable objects	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fabian Hahn:Sebastian Martin:Bernhard Thomaszewski:Robert Sumner:Stelian Coros:Markus Gross	We present a method that brings the benefits of physics-based simulations to traditional animation pipelines. We formulate the equations of motions in the subspace of deformations defined by an animator's rig. Our framework fits seamlessly into the workflow typically employed by artists, as our output consists of animation curves that are identical in nature to the result of manual keyframing. Artists can therefore explore the full spectrum between handcrafted animation and unrestricted physical simulation. To enhance the artist's control, we provide a method that transforms stiffness values defined on rig parameters to a non-homogeneous distribution of material parameters for the underlying FEM model. In addition, we use automatically extracted high-level rig parameters to intuitively edit the results of our simulations, and also to speed up computation. To demonstrate the effectiveness of our method, we create compelling results by adding rich physical motions to coarse input animations. In the absence of artist input, we create realistic passive motion directly in rig space.	Rig-space physics	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bruno Galerne:Ares Lagae:Sylvain Lefebvre:George Drettakis	Procedural noise is a fundamental tool in Computer Graphics. However, designing noise patterns is hard. In this paper, we present Gabor noise by example, a method to estimate the parameters of bandwidth-quantized Gabor noise, a procedural noise function that can generate noise with an arbitrary power spectrum, from exemplar Gaussian textures, a class of textures that is completely characterized by their power spectrum. More specifically, we introduce (i) bandwidth-quantized Gabor noise, a generalization of Gabor noise to arbitrary power spectra that enables robust parameter estimation and efficient procedural evaluation; (ii) a robust parameter estimation technique for quantized-bandwidth Gabor noise, that automatically decomposes the noisy power spectrum estimate of an exemplar into a sparse sum of Gaussians using non-negative basis pursuit denoising; and (iii) an efficient procedural evaluation scheme for bandwidth-quantized Gabor noise, that uses multi-grid evaluation and importance sampling of the kernel parameters. Gabor noise by example preserves the traditional advantages of procedural noise, including a compact representation and a fast on-the-fly evaluation, and is mathematically well-founded.	Gabor noise by example	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xin Sun:Guofu Xie:Yue Dong:Stephen Lin:Weiwei Xu:Wencheng Wang:Xin Tong:Baining Guo	We introduce a vector representation called diffusion curve textures for mapping diffusion curve images (DCI) onto arbitrary surfaces. In contrast to the original implicit representation of DCIs [Orzan et al. 2008], where determining a single texture value requires iterative computation of the entire DCI via the Poisson equation, diffusion curve textures provide an explicit representation from which the texture value at any point can be solved directly, while preserving the compactness and resolution independence of diffusion curves. This is achieved through a formulation of the DCI diffusion process in terms of Green's functions. This formulation furthermore allows the texture value of any rectangular region (e.g. pixel area) to be solved in closed form, which facilitates anti-aliasing. We develop a GPU algorithm that renders anti-aliased diffusion curve textures in real time, and demonstrate the effectiveness of this method through high quality renderings with detailed control curves and color variations.	Diffusion curve textures for resolution independent texture mapping	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuang Zhao:Wenzel Jakob:Steve Marschner:Kavita Bala	Woven fabrics have a wide range of appearance determined by their small-scale 3D structure. Accurately modeling this structural detail can produce highly realistic renderings of fabrics and is critical for predictive rendering of fabric appearance. But building these yarn-level volumetric models is challenging. Procedural techniques are manually intensive, and fail to capture the naturally arising irregularities which contribute significantly to the overall appearance of cloth. Techniques that acquire the detailed 3D structure of real fabric samples are constrained only to model the scanned samples and cannot represent different fabric designs. This paper presents a new approach to creating volumetric models of woven cloth, which starts with user-specified fabric designs and produces models that correctly capture the yarn-level structural details of cloth. We create a small database of volumetric exemplars by scanning fabric samples with simple weave structures. To build an output model, our method synthesizes a new volume by copying data from the exemplars at each yarn crossing to match a weave pattern that specifies the desired output structure. Our results demonstrate that our approach generalizes well to complex designs and can produce highly realistic results at both large and small scales.	Structure-aware synthesis for predictive woven fabric appearance	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yahan Zhou:Haibin Huang:Li-Yi Wei:Rui Wang	Point samples with different spectral noise properties (often defined using color names such as white, blue, green, and red) are important for many science and engineering disciplines including computer graphics. While existing techniques can easily produce white and blue noise samples, relatively little is known for generating other noise patterns. In particular, no single algorithm is available to generate different noise patterns according to user-defined spectra. In this paper, we describe an algorithm for generating point samples that match a user-defined Fourier spectrum function. Such a spectrum function can be either obtained from a known sampling method, or completely constructed by the user. Our key idea is to convert the Fourier spectrum function into a differential distribution function that describes the samples' local spatial statistics; we then use a gradient descent solver to iteratively compute a sample set that matches the target differential distribution function. Our algorithm can be easily modified to achieve adaptive sampling, and we provide a GPU-based implementation. Finally, we present a variety of different sample patterns obtained using our algorithm, and demonstrate suitable applications.	Point sampling with general noise spectrum	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alec Jacobson:Ilya Baran:Ladislav Kavan:Jovan Popović:Olga Sorkine	Skinning transformations are a popular way to articulate shapes and characters. However, traditional animation interfaces require all of the skinning transformations to be specified explicitly, typically using a control structure (a rig). We propose a system where the user specifies only a subset of the degrees of freedom and the rest are automatically inferred using nonlinear, rigidity energies. By utilizing a low-order model and reformulating our energy functions accordingly, our algorithm runs orders of magnitude faster than previous methods without compromising quality. In addition to the immediate boosts in performance for existing modeling and real time animation tools, our approach also opens the door to new modes of control: disconnected skeletons combined with shape-aware inverse kinematics. With automatically generated skinning weights, our method can also be used for fast variational shape modeling.	Fast automatic skinning transformations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Martin Bokeloh:Michael Wand:Hans-Peter Seidel:Vladlen Koltun	We present an approach to high-level shape editing that adapts the structure of the shape while maintaining its global characteristics. Our main contribution is a new algebraic model of shape structure that characterizes shapes in terms of linked translational patterns. The space of shapes that conform to this characterization is parameterized by a small set of numerical parameters bounded by a set of linear constraints. This convex space permits a direct exploration of variations of the input shape. We use this representation to develop a robust interactive system that allows shapes to be intuitively manipulated through sparse constraints.	An algebraic model for parameterized shape editing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Behzad Sajadi:M. Gopi:Aditi Majumder	Digital projection technology has improved significantly in recent years. But, the relationship of cost with respect to available resolution in projectors is still super-linear. In this paper, we present a method that uses projector light modulator panels (e.g. LCD or DMD panels) of resolution n X n to create a perceptually close match to a target higher resolution cn X cn image, where c is a small integer greater than 1. This is achieved by enhancing the resolution using smaller pixels at specific regions of interest like edges. A target high resolution image (cn X cn) is first decomposed into (a) a high resolution (cn X cn) but sparse edge image, and (b) a complementary lower resolution (n X n) non-edge image. These images are then projected in a time sequential manner at a high frame rate to create an edge-enhanced image -- an image where the pixel density is not uniform but changes spatially. In 3D ready projectors with readily available refresh rate of 120Hz, such a temporal multiplexing is imperceptible to the user and the edge-enhanced image is perceptually almost identical to the target high resolution image. To create the higher resolution edge image, we introduce the concept of optical pixel sharing. This reduces the projected pixel size by a factor of 1/c2 while increasing the pixel density by c2 at the edges enabling true higher resolution edges. Due to the sparsity of the edge pixels in an image we are able to choose a sufficiently large subset of these to be displayed at the higher resolution using perceptual parameters. We present a statistical analysis quantifying the expected number of pixels that will be reproduced at the higher resolution and verify it for different types of images.	Edge-guided resolution enhancement in projectors via optical pixel sharing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gordon Wetzstein:Douglas Lanman:Matthew Hirsch:Ramesh Raskar	We introduce tensor displays: a family of compressive light field displays comprising all architectures employing a stack of time-multiplexed, light-attenuating layers illuminated by uniform or directional backlighting (i.e., any low-resolution light field emitter). We show that the light field emitted by an N-layer, M-frame tensor display can be represented by an Nth-order, rank-M tensor. Using this representation we introduce a unified optimization framework, based on nonnegative tensor factorization (NTF), encompassing all tensor display architectures. This framework is the first to allow joint multilayer, multiframe light field decompositions, significantly reducing artifacts observed with prior multilayer-only and multiframe-only decompositions; it is also the first optimization method for designs combining multiple layers with directional backlighting. We verify the benefits and limitations of tensor displays by constructing a prototype using modified LCD panels and a custom integral imaging backlight. Our efficient, GPU-based NTF implementation enables interactive applications. Through simulations and experiments we show that tensor displays reveal practical architectures with greater depths of field, wider fields of view, and thinner form factors, compared to prior automultiscopic displays.	Tensor displays: compressive light field synthesis using multilayer displays with directional backlighting	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vitor F. Pamplona:Manuel M. Oliveira:Daniel G. Aliaga:Ramesh Raskar	We introduce tailored displays that enhance visual acuity by decomposing virtual objects and placing the resulting anisotropic pieces into the subject's focal range. The goal is to free the viewer from needing wearable optical corrections when looking at displays. Our tailoring process uses aberration and scattering maps to account for refractive errors and cataracts. It splits an object's light field into multiple instances that are each in-focus for a given eye sub-aperture. Their integration onto the retina leads to a quality improvement of perceived images when observing the display with naked eyes. The use of multiple depths to render each point of focus on the retina creates multi-focus, multi-depth displays. User evaluations and validation with modified camera optics are performed. We propose tailored displays for daily tasks where using eyeglasses are unfeasible or inconvenient (e.g., on head-mounted displays, e-readers, as well as for games); when a multi-focus function is required but undoable (e.g., driving for farsighted individuals, checking a portable device while doing physical activities); or for correcting the visual distortions produced by high-order aberrations that eyeglasses are not able to.	Tailored displays to compensate for visual aberrations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Soheil Darabi:Eli Shechtman:Connelly Barnes:Dan B. Goldman:Pradeep Sen	Current methods for combining two different images produce visible artifacts when the sources have very different textures and structures. We present a new method for synthesizing a transition region between two source images, such that inconsistent color, texture, and structural properties all change gradually from one source to the other. We call this process image melding. Our method builds upon a patch-based optimization foundation with three key generalizations: First, we enrich the patch search space with additional geometric and photometric transformations. Second, we integrate image gradients into the patch representation and replace the usual color averaging with a screened Poisson equation solver. And third, we propose a new energy based on mixed L2/L0 norms for colors and gradients that produces a gradual transition between sources without sacrificing texture sharpness. Together, all three generalizations enable patch-based solutions to a broad class of image melding problems involving inconsistent sources: object cloning, stitching challenging panoramas, hole filling from multiple photos, and image harmonization. In several cases, our unified method outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods specifically designed for those applications.	Image melding: combining inconsistent images using patch-based synthesis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Brian Summa:Julien Tierny:Valerio Pascucci	A fundamental step in stitching several pictures to form a larger mosaic is the computation of boundary seams that minimize the visual artifacts in the transition between images. Current seam computation algorithms use optimization methods that may be slow, sequential, memory intensive, and prone to finding suboptimal solutions related to local minima of the chosen energy function. Moreover, even when these techniques perform well, their solution may not be perceptually ideal (or even good). Such an inflexible approach does not allow the possibility of user-based improvement. This paper introduces the Panorama Weaving technique for seam creation and editing in an image mosaic. First, Panorama Weaving provides a procedure to create boundaries for panoramas that is fast, has low memory requirements and is easy to parallelize. This technique often produces seams with lower energy than the competing global technique. Second, it provides the first interactive technique for the exploration of the seam solution space. This powerful editing capability allows the user to automatically extract energy minimizing seams given a sparse set of constraints. With a variety of empirical results, we show how Panorama Weaving allows the computation and editing of a wide range of digital panoramas including unstructured configurations.	Panorama weaving: fast and flexible seam processing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Su Xue:Aseem Agarwala:Julie Dorsey:Holly Rushmeier	Compositing is one of the most commonly performed operations in computer graphics. A realistic composite requires adjusting the appearance of the foreground and background so that they appear compatible; unfortunately, this task is challenging and poorly understood. We use statistical and visual perception experiments to study the realism of image composites. First, we evaluate a number of standard 2D image statistical measures, and identify those that are most significant in determining the realism of a composite. Then, we perform a human subjects experiment to determine how the changes in these key statistics influence human judgements of composite realism. Finally, we describe a data-driven algorithm that automatically adjusts these statistical measures in a foreground to make it more compatible with its background in a composite. We show a number of compositing results, and evaluate the performance of both our algorithm and previous work with a human subjects study.	Understanding and improving the realism of image composites	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Pan:Yi-King Choi:Yang Liu:Wenchao Hu:Qiang Du:Konrad Polthier:Caiming Zhang:Wenping Wang	We present a new method for modeling discrete constant mean curvature (CMC) surfaces, which arise frequently in nature and are highly demanded in architecture and other engineering applications. Our method is based on a novel use of the CVT (centroidal Voronoi tessellation) optimization framework. We devise a CVT-CMC energy function defined as a combination of an extended CVT energy and a volume functional. We show that minimizing the CVT-CMC energy is asymptotically equivalent to minimizing mesh surface area with a fixed volume, thus defining a discrete CMC surface. The CVT term in the energy function ensures high mesh quality throughout the evolution of a CMC surface in an interactive design process for form finding. Our method is capable of modeling CMC surfaces with fixed or free boundaries and is robust with respect to input mesh quality and topology changes. Experiments show that the new method generates discrete CMC surfaces of improved mesh quality over existing methods.	Robust modeling of constant mean curvature surfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nobuyuki Umetani:Takeo Igarashi:Niloy J. Mitra	Geometric modeling and the physical validity of shapes are traditionally considered independently. This makes creating aesthetically pleasing yet physically valid models challenging. We propose an interactive design framework for efficient and intuitive exploration of geometrically and physically valid shapes. During any geometric editing operation, the proposed system continuously visualizes the valid range of the parameter being edited. When one or more constraints are violated after an operation, the system generates multiple suggestions involving both discrete and continuous changes to restore validity. Each suggestion also comes with an editing mode that simultaneously adjusts multiple parameters in a coordinated way to maintain validity. Thus, while the user focuses on the aesthetic aspects of the design, our computational design framework helps to achieve physical realizability by providing active guidance to the user. We demonstrate our framework on plank-based furniture design with nail-joint and frictional constraints. We use our system to design a range of examples, conduct a user study, and also fabricate a physical prototype to test the validity and usefulness of the system.	Guided exploration of physically valid shapes for furniture design	NA:NA:NA	2018
Etienne Vouga:Mathias Höbinger:Johannes Wallner:Helmut Pottmann	Self-supporting masonry is one of the most ancient and elegant techniques for building curved shapes. Because of the very geometric nature of their failure, analyzing and modeling such strutures is more a geometry processing problem than one of classical continuum mechanics. This paper uses the thrust network method of analysis and presents an iterative nonlinear optimization algorithm for efficiently approximating freeform shapes by self-supporting ones. The rich geometry of thrust networks leads us to close connections between diverse topics in discrete differential geometry, such as a finite-element discretization of the Airy stress potential, perfect graph Laplacians, and computing admissible loads via curvatures of polyhedral surfaces. This geometric viewpoint allows us, in particular, to remesh self-supporting shapes by self-supporting quad meshes with planar faces, and leads to another application of the theory: steel/glass constructions with low moments in nodes.	Design of self-supporting surfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alec Rivers:Ilan E. Moyer:Frédo Durand	Many kinds of digital fabrication are accomplished by precisely moving a tool along a digitally-specified path. This precise motion is typically accomplished fully automatically using a computer-controlled multi-axis stage. With that approach, one can only create objects smaller than the positioning stage, and large stages can be quite expensive. We propose a new approach to precise positioning of a tool that combines manual and automatic positioning: in our approach, the user coarsely positions a frame containing the tool in an approximation of the desired path, while the device tracks the frame's location and adjusts the position of the tool within the frame to correct the user's positioning error in real time. Because the automatic positioning need only cover the range of the human's positioning error, this frame can be small and inexpensive, and because the human has unlimited range, such a frame can be used to precisely position tools over an unlimited range.	Position-correcting tools for 2D digital fabrication	NA:NA:NA	2018
Olivier Bau:Ivan Poupyrev	REVEL is an augmented reality (AR) tactile technology that allows for change to the tactile feeling of real objects by augmenting them with virtual tactile textures using a device worn by the user. Unlike previous attempts to enhance AR environments with haptics, we neither physically actuate objects or use any force- or tactile-feedback devices, nor require users to wear tactile gloves or other apparatus on their hands. Instead, we employ the principle of reverse electrovibration where we inject a weak electrical signal anywhere on the user body creating an oscillating electrical field around the user's fingers. When sliding his or her fingers on a surface of the object, the user perceives highly distinctive tactile textures augmenting the physical object. By tracking the objects and location of the touch, we associate dynamic tactile sensations to the interaction context. REVEL is built upon our previous work on designing electrovibration-based tactile feedback for touch surfaces [Bau, et al. 2010]. In this paper we expand tactile interfaces based on electrovibration beyond touch surfaces and bring them into the real world. We demonstrate a broad range of application scenarios where our technology can be used to enhance AR interaction with dynamic and unobtrusive tactile feedback.	REVEL: tactile feedback technology for augmented reality	NA:NA	2018
Ludovic Hoyet:Rachel McDonnell:Carol O'Sullivan	With recent advances in real-time graphics technology, more realistic, believable and appealing virtual characters are needed than ever before. Both player-controlled avatars and non-player characters are now starting to interact with the environment, other virtual humans and crowds. However, simulating physical contacts between characters and matching appropriate reactions to specific actions is a highly complex problem, and timing errors, force mismatches and angular distortions are common. To investigate the effect of such anomalies on the perceived realism of two-character interactions, we captured a motion corpus of pushing animations and corresponding reactions and then conducted a series of perceptual experiments. We found that participants could easily distinguish between five different interaction forces, even when only one of the characters was visible. Furthermore, they were sensitive to all three types of anomalous interactions: timing errors of over 150ms were acceptable less than 50% of the time, with early or late reactions being equally perceptible; participants could perceive force mismatches, though over-reactions were more acceptable than under-reactions; finally, angular distortions when a character reacts to a pushing force reduce the acceptability of the interactions, but there is some evidence for a preference of expansion away from the pushing character's body. Our results provide insights to aid in designing motion capture sessions, motion editing strategies and balancing animation budgets.	Push it real: perceiving causality in virtual interactions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rachel McDonnell:Martin Breidt:Heinrich H. Bülthoff	The realistic depiction of lifelike virtual humans has been the goal of many movie makers in the last decade. Recently, films such as Tron: Legacy and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button have produced highly realistic characters. In the real-time domain, there is also a need to deliver realistic virtual characters, with the increase in popularity of interactive drama video games (such as L.A. Noire™ or Heavy Rain™). There have been mixed reactions from audiences to lifelike characters used in movies and games, with some saying that the increased realism highlights subtle imperfections, which can be disturbing. Some developers opt for a stylized rendering (such as cartoon-shading) to avoid a negative reaction [Thompson 2004]. In this paper, we investigate some of the consequences of choosing realistic or stylized rendering in order to provide guidelines for developers for creating appealing virtual characters. We conducted a series of psychophysical experiments to determine whether render style affects how virtual humans are perceived. Motion capture with synchronized eye-tracked data was used throughout to animate custom-made virtual model replicas of the captured actors.	Render me real?: investigating the effect of render style on the perception of animated virtual humans	NA:NA:NA	2018
Krzysztof Templin:Piotr Didyk:Tobias Ritschel:Karol Myszkowski:Hans-Peter Seidel	Human stereo perception of glossy materials is substantially different from the perception of diffuse surfaces: A single point on a diffuse object appears the same for both eyes, whereas it appears different to both eyes on a specular object. As highlights are blurry reflections of light sources they have depth themselves, which is different from the depth of the reflecting surface. We call this difference in depth impression the "highlight disparity". Due to artistic motivation, for technical reasons, or because of incomplete data, highlights often have to be depicted on-surface, without any disparity. However, it has been shown that a lack of disparity decreases the perceived glossiness and authenticity of a material. To remedy this contradiction, our work introduces a technique for depiction of glossy materials, which improves over simple on-surface highlights, and avoids the problems of physical highlights. Our technique is computationally simple, can be easily integrated in an existing (GPU) shading system, and allows for local and interactive artistic control.	Highlight microdisparity for improved gloss depiction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xuan Yang:Linling Zhang:Tien-Tsin Wong:Pheng-Ann Heng	By extending from monocular displays to binocular displays, one additional image domain is introduced. Existing binocular display systems only utilize this additional image domain for stereopsis. Our human vision is not only able to fuse two displaced images, but also two images with difference in detail, contrast and luminance, up to a certain limit. This phenomenon is known as binocular single vision. Humans can perceive more visual content via binocular fusion than just a linear blending of two views. In this paper, we make a first attempt in computer graphics to utilize this human vision phenomenon, and propose a binocular tone mapping framework. The proposed framework generates a binocular low-dynamic range (LDR) image pair that preserves more human-perceivable visual content than a single LDR image using the additional image domain. Given a tone-mapped LDR image (left, without loss of generality), our framework optimally synthesizes its counterpart (right) in the image pair from the same source HDR image. The two LDR images are different, so that they can aggregately present more human-perceivable visual richness than a single arbitrary LDR image, without triggering visual discomfort. To achieve this goal, a novel binocular viewing comfort predictor (BVCP) is also proposed to prevent such visual discomfort. The design of BVCP is based on the findings in vision science. Through our user studies, we demonstrate the increase of human-perceivable visual richness and the effectiveness of the proposed BVCP in conservatively predicting the visual discomfort threshold of human observers.	Binocular tone mapping	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Romain Vergne:Pascal Barla:Roland W. Fleming:Xavier Granier	We present a novel method for producing convincing pictures of shaded objects based entirely on 2D image operations. This approach, which we call image-based shading design, offers direct artistic control in the picture plane by deforming image primitives so that they appear to conform to specific 3D shapes. Using a differential analysis of reflected radiance, we identify the two types of surface flows involved in the depiction of shaded objects, which are consistent with recent perceptual studies. We then introduce two novel deformation operators that closely mimic surface flows while providing direct artistic controls in real-time.	Surface flows for image-based shading design	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lukas Hosek:Alexander Wilkie	We present a physically-based analytical model of the daytime sky. Based on the results of a first-principles brute force simulation of radiative transfer in the atmosphere, we use the same general approach of fitting basis function coefficients to radiance data as the Perez and Preetham models do. However, we make several modifications to this process, which together significantly improve the rendition of sunsets and high atmospheric turbidity setups -- known weak points of the Preetham model. Additionally, our model accounts for ground albedo, and handles each spectral component independently. The latter property makes it easily extensible to the near ultraviolet range of the spectrum, so that the daylight appearance of surfaces that include optical brighteners can be properly predicted. Due to its similar mathematical properties, the new model can be used as a drop-in replacement of the Preetham model.	An analytic model for full spectral sky-dome radiance	NA:NA	2018
Tyson Brochu:Essex Edwards:Robert Bridson	Continuous collision detection (CCD) between deforming triangle mesh elements in 3D is a critical tool for many applications. The standard method involving a cubic polynomial solver is vulnerable to rounding error, requiring the use of ad hoc tolerances, and nevertheless is particularly fragile in (near-)planar cases. Even with per-simulation tuning, it may still cause problems by missing collisions or erroneously flagging non-collisions. We present a geometrically exact alternative guaranteed to produce the correct Boolean result (significant collision or not) as if calculated with exact arithmetic, even in degenerate scenarios. Our critical insight is that only the parity of the number of collisions is needed for robust simulation, and this parity can be calculated with simpler non-constructive predicates. In essence we analyze the roots of the nonlinear system of equations defining CCD through careful consideration of the boundary of the parameter domain. The use of new conservative culling and interval filters allows typical simulations to run as fast as with the non-robust version, but without need for tuning or worries about failure cases even in geometrically degenerate scenarios. We demonstrate the effectiveness of geometrically exact detection with a novel adaptive cloth simulation, the first to guarantee to remain intersection-free despite frequent curvature-driven remeshing.	Efficient geometrically exact continuous collision detection	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bin Wang:François Faure:Dinesh K. Pai	A method for image-based contact detection and modeling, with guaranteed precision on the intersection volume, is presented. Unlike previous image-based methods, our method optimizes a nonuniform ray sampling resolution and allows precise control of the volume error. By cumulatively projecting all mesh edges into a generalized 2D texture, we construct a novel data structure, the Error Bound Polynomial Image (EBPI), which allows efficient computation of the maximum volume error as a function of ray density. Based on a precision criterion, EBPI pixels are subdivided or clustered. The rays are then cast in the projection direction according to the non-uniform resolution. The EBPI data, combined with ray-surface intersection points and normals, is also used to detect transient edges at surface intersections. This allows us to model intersection volumes at arbitrary resolution, while avoiding the geometric computation of mesh intersections. Moreover, the ray casting acceleration data structures can be reused for the generation of high quality images.	Adaptive image-based intersection volume	NA:NA:NA	2018
Changxi Zheng:Doug L. James	In this paper, we accelerate self-collision detection (SCD) for a deforming triangle mesh by exploiting the idea that a mesh cannot self collide unless it deforms enough. Unlike prior work on subspace self-collision culling which is restricted to low-rank deformation subspaces, our energy-based approach supports arbitrary mesh deformations while still being fast. Given a bounding volume hierarchy (BVH) for a triangle mesh, we precompute Energy-based Self-Collision Culling (ESCC) certificates on bounding-volume-related sub-meshes which indicate the amount of deformation energy required for it to self collide. After updating energy values at runtime, many bounding-volume self-collision queries can be culled using the ESCC certificates. We propose an affine-frame Laplacian-based energy definition which sports a highly optimized certificate pre-process, and fast runtime energy evaluation. The latter is performed hierarchically to amortize Laplacian energy and affine-frame estimation computations. ESCC supports both discrete and continuous SCD with detailed and nonsmooth geometry. We observe significant culling on many examples, with SCD speed-ups up to 26X.	Energy-based self-collision culling for arbitrary mesh deformations	NA:NA	2018
Youyi Zheng:Xiang Chen:Ming-Ming Cheng:Kun Zhou:Shi-Min Hu:Niloy J. Mitra	Images are static and lack important depth information about the underlying 3D scenes. We introduce interactive images in the context of man-made environments wherein objects are simple and regular, share various non-local relations (e.g., coplanarity, parallelism, etc.), and are often repeated. Our interactive framework creates partial scene reconstructions based on cuboid-proxies with minimal user interaction. It subsequently allows a range of intuitive image edits mimicking real-world behavior, which are otherwise difficult to achieve. Effectively, the user simply provides high-level semantic hints, while our system ensures plausible operations by conforming to the extracted non-local relations. We demonstrate our system on a range of real-world images and validate the plausibility of the results using a user study.	Interactive images: cuboid proxies for smart image manipulation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sudipta N. Sinha:Johannes Kopf:Michael Goesele:Daniel Scharstein:Richard Szeliski	We present a system for image-based modeling and rendering of real-world scenes containing reflective and glossy surfaces. Previous approaches to image-based rendering assume that the scene can be approximated by 3D proxies that enable view interpolation using traditional back-to-front or z-buffer compositing. In this work, we show how these can be generalized to multiple layers that are combined in an additive fashion to model the reflection and transmission of light that occurs at specular surfaces such as glass and glossy materials. To simplify the analysis and rendering stages, we model the world using piecewise-planar layers combined using both additive and opaque mixing of light. We also introduce novel techniques for estimating multiple depths in the scene and separating the reflection and transmission components into different layers. We then use our system to model and render a variety of real-world scenes with reflections.	Image-based rendering for scenes with reflections	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Carl Doersch:Saurabh Singh:Abhinav Gupta:Josef Sivic:Alexei A. Efros	Given a large repository of geotagged imagery, we seek to automatically find visual elements, e. g. windows, balconies, and street signs, that are most distinctive for a certain geo-spatial area, for example the city of Paris. This is a tremendously difficult task as the visual features distinguishing architectural elements of different places can be very subtle. In addition, we face a hard search problem: given all possible patches in all images, which of them are both frequently occurring and geographically informative? To address these issues, we propose to use a discriminative clustering approach able to take into account the weak geographic supervision. We show that geographically representative image elements can be discovered automatically from Google Street View imagery in a discriminative manner. We demonstrate that these elements are visually interpretable and perceptually geo-informative. The discovered visual elements can also support a variety of computational geography tasks, such as mapping architectural correspondences and influences within and across cities, finding representative elements at different geo-spatial scales, and geographically-informed image retrieval.	What makes Paris look like Paris?	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Steven S. An:Doug L. James:Steve Marschner	We present a practical data-driven method for automatically synthesizing plausible soundtracks for physics-based cloth animations running at graphics rates. Given a cloth animation, we analyze the deformations and use motion events to drive crumpling and friction sound models estimated from cloth measurements. We synthesize a low-quality sound signal, which is then used as a target signal for a concatenative sound synthesis (CSS) process. CSS selects a sequence of microsound units, very short segments, from a database of recorded cloth sounds, which best match the synthesized target sound in a low-dimensional feature-space after applying a hand-tuned warping function. The selected microsound units are concatenated together to produce the final cloth sound with minimal filtering. Our approach avoids expensive physics-based synthesis of cloth sound, instead relying on cloth recordings and our motion-driven CSS approach for realism. We demonstrate its effectiveness on a variety of cloth animations involving various materials and character motions, including first-person virtual clothing with binaural sound.	Motion-driven concatenative synthesis of cloth sounds	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeffrey N. Chadwick:Changxi Zheng:Doug L. James	We introduce an efficient method for synthesizing acceleration noise -- sound produced when an object experiences abrupt rigid-body acceleration due to collisions or other contact events. We approach this in two main steps. First, we estimate continuous contact force profiles from rigid-body impulses using a simple model based on Hertz contact theory. Next, we compute solutions to the acoustic wave equation due to short acceleration pulses in each rigid-body degree of freedom. We introduce an efficient representation for these solutions -- Precomputed Acceleration Noise -- which allows us to accurately estimate sound due to arbitrary rigid-body accelerations. We find that the addition of acceleration noise significantly complements the standard modal sound algorithm, especially for small objects.	Precomputed acceleration noise for improved rigid-body sound	NA:NA:NA	2018
Steffen Weißmann:Ulrich Pinkall	We show that the motion of rigid bodies under water can be realistically simulated by replacing the usual inertia tensor and scalar mass by the so-called Kirchhoff tensor. This allows us to model fluid-body interaction without simulating the surrounding fluid at all. We explain some of the phenomena that arise and compare our results against real experiments. It turns out that many real scenarios (sinking bodies, balloons) can be matched using a single, hand-tuned scaling parameter. We describe how to integrate our method into an existing physics engine, which makes underwater rigid body dynamics run in real time.	Underwater rigid body dynamics	NA:NA	2018
Richard Tonge:Feodor Benevolenski:Andrey Voroshilov	We present a parallel iterative rigid body solver that avoids common artifacts at low iteration counts. In large or real-time simulations, iteration is often terminated before convergence to maximize scene size. If the distribution of the resulting residual energy varies too much from frame to frame, then bodies close to rest can visibly jitter. Projected Gauss-Seidel (PGS) distributes the residual according to the order in which contacts are processed, and preserving the order in parallel implementations is very challenging. In contrast, Jacobi-based methods provide order independence, but have slower convergence. We accelerate projected Jacobi by dividing each body mass term in the effective mass by the number of contacts acting on the body, but use the full mass to apply impulses. We further accelerate the method by solving contacts in blocks, providing wallclock performance competitive with PGS while avoiding visible artifacts. We prove convergence to the solution of the underlying linear complementarity problem and present results for our GPU implementation, which can simulate a pile of 5000 objects with no visible jittering at over 60 FPS.	Mass splitting for jitter-free parallel rigid body simulation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Breannan Smith:Danny M. Kaufman:Etienne Vouga:Rasmus Tamstorf:Eitan Grinspun	Resolving simultaneous impacts is an open and significant problem in collision response modeling. Existing algorithms in this domain fail to fulfill at least one of five physical desiderata. To address this we present a simple generalized impact model motivated by both the successes and pitfalls of two popular approaches: pair-wise propagation and linear complementarity models. Our algorithm is the first to satisfy all identified desiderata, including simultaneously guaranteeing symmetry preservation, kinetic energy conservation, and allowing break-away. Furthermore, we address the associated problem of inelastic collapse, proposing a complementary generalized restitution model that eliminates this source of nontermination. We then consider the application of our models to the synchronous time-integration of large-scale assemblies of impacting rigid bodies. To enable such simulations we formulate a consistent frictional impact model that continues to satisfy the desiderata. Finally, we validate our proposed algorithm by correctly capturing the observed characteristics of physical experiments including the phenomenon of extended patterns in vertically oscillated granular materials.	Reflections on simultaneous impact	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Min Tang:Dinesh Manocha:Miguel A. Otaduy:Ruofeng Tong	We present a simple algorithm to compute continuous penalty forces to determine collision response between rigid and deformable models bounded by triangle meshes. Our algorithm computes a well-behaved solution in contrast to the traditional stability and robustness problems of penalty methods, induced by force discontinuities. We trace contact features along their deforming trajectories and accumulate penalty forces along the penetration time intervals between the overlapping feature pairs. Moreover, we present a closed-form expression to compute the continuous and smooth collision response. Our method has very small additional overhead compared to previous penalty methods, and can significantly improve the stability and robustness. We highlight its benefits on several benchmarks.	Continuous penalty forces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yaron Lipman	The problem of mapping triangular meshes into the plane is fundamental in geometric modeling, where planar deformations and surface parameterizations are two prominent examples. Current methods for triangular mesh mappings cannot, in general, control the worst case distortion of all triangles nor guarantee injectivity. This paper introduces a constructive definition of generic convex spaces of piecewise linear mappings with guarantees on the maximal conformal distortion, as-well as local and global injectivity of their maps. It is shown how common geometric processing objective functionals can be restricted to these new spaces, rather than to the entire space of piecewise linear mappings, to provide a bounded distortion version of popular algorithms.	Bounded distortion mapping spaces for triangular meshes	NA	2018
Ashish Myles:Denis Zorin	Global parametrization of surfaces requires singularities (cones) to keep distortion minimal. We describe a method for finding cone locations and angles and an algorithm for global parametrization which aim to produce seamless parametrizations with low metric distortion. The idea of the method is to evolve the metric of the surface, starting with the original metric so that a growing fraction of the area of the surface is constrained to have zero Gaussian curvature; the curvature becomes gradually concentrated at a small set of vertices which become cones. We demonstrate that the resulting parametrizations have significantly lower metric distortion compared to previously proposed methods.	Global parametrization by incremental flattening	NA:NA	2018
Marcel Campen:David Bommes:Leif Kobbelt	We present a theoretical framework and practical method for the automatic construction of simple, all-quadrilateral patch layouts on manifold surfaces. The resulting layouts are coarse, surface-embedded cell complexes well adapted to the geometric structure, hence they are ideally suited as domains and base complexes for surface parameterization, spline fitting, or subdivision surfaces and can be used to generate quad meshes with a high-level patch structure that are advantageous in many application scenarios. Our approach is based on the careful construction of the layout graph's combinatorial dual. In contrast to the primal this dual perspective provides direct control over the globally interdependent structural constraints inherent to quad layouts. The dual layout is built from curvature-guided, crossing loops on the surface. A novel method to construct these efficiently in a geometry- and structure-aware manner constitutes the core of our approach.	Dual loops meshing: quality quad layouts on manifolds	NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniele Panozzo:Yaron Lipman:Enrico Puppo:Denis Zorin	Direction fields, line fields and cross fields are used in a variety of computer graphics applications ranging from non-photorealistic rendering to remeshing. In many cases, it is desirable that fields adhere to symmetry, which is predominant in natural as well as man-made shapes. We present an algorithm for designing smooth N-symmetry fields on surfaces respecting generalized symmetries of the shape, while maintaining alignment with local features. Our formulation for constructing symmetry fields is based on global symmetries, which are given as input to the algorithm, with no isometry assumptions. We explore in detail the properties of generalized symmetries (reflections in particular), and we also develop an algorithm for the robust computation of such symmetry maps, based on a small number of correspondences, for surfaces of genus zero.	Fields on symmetric surfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tobias Pfaff:Nils Thuerey:Markus Gross	Buoyant turbulent smoke plumes with a sharp smoke-air interface, such as volcanic plumes, are notoriously hard to simulate. The surface clearly shows small-scale turbulent structures which are costly to resolve. In addition, the turbulence onset is directly visible at the interface, and is not captured by commonly used turbulence models. We present a novel approach that employs a triangle mesh as a high-resolution surface representation combined with a coarse Eulerian solver. On the mesh, we solve the interfacial vortex sheet equations, which allows us to accurately simulate buoyancy induced turbulence. For complex boundary conditions we propose an orthogonal turbulence model that handles vortices caused by obstacle interaction. In addition, we demonstrate a re-sampling scheme to remove surfaces that are hidden inside the bulk volume. In this way we are able to achieve highly detailed simulations of turbulent plumes efficiently.	Lagrangian vortex sheets for animating fluids	NA:NA:NA	2018
Christopher Batty:Andres Uribe:Basile Audoly:Eitan Grinspun	We present the first reduced-dimensional technique to simulate the dynamics of thin sheets of viscous incompressible liquid in three dimensions. Beginning from a discrete Lagrangian model for elastic thin shells, we apply the Stokes-Rayleigh analogy to derive a simple yet consistent model for viscous forces. We incorporate nonlinear surface tension forces with a formulation based on minimizing discrete surface area, and preserve the quality of triangular mesh elements through local remeshing operations. Simultaneously, we track and evolve the thickness of each triangle to exactly conserve liquid volume. This approach enables the simulation of extremely thin sheets of viscous liquids, which are difficult to animate with existing volumetric approaches. We demonstrate our method with examples of several characteristic viscous sheet behaviors, including stretching, buckling, sagging, and wrinkling.	Discrete viscous sheets	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhan Yuan:Yizhou Yu:Wenping Wang	Implicit functions have a wide range of applications in entertainment, engineering and medical imaging. A standard two-phase implicit function only represents the interior and exterior of a single object. To facilitate solid modeling of heterogeneous objects with multiple internal regions, object-space multiphase implicit functions are much desired. Multiphase implicit functions have much potential in modeling natural organisms, heterogeneous mechanical parts and anatomical atlases. In this paper, we introduce a novel class of object-space multiphase implicit functions that are capable of accurately and compactly representing objects with multiple internal regions. Our proposed multiphase implicit functions facilitate true object-space geometric modeling of heterogeneous objects with non-manifold features. We present multiple methods to create object-space multiphase implicit functions from existing data, including meshes and segmented medical images. Our algorithms are inspired by machine learning algorithms for training multicategory max-margin classifiers. Comparisons demonstrate that our method achieves an error rate one order of magnitude smaller than alternative techniques.	Object-space multiphase implicit functions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Powei Feng:Joe Warren	Divided differences play a fundamental role in the construction of univariate B-splines over irregular knot sequences. Unfortunately, generalizations of divided differences to irregular knot geometries on two-dimensional domains are quite limited. As a result, most spline constructions for such domains typically focus on regular (or semi-regular) knot geometries. In the planar harmonic case, we show that the discrete Laplacian plays a role similar to that of the divided differences and can be used to define well-behaved harmonic B-splines. In our main contribution, we then construct an analogous discrete bi-Laplacian for both planar and curved domains and show that its corresponding biharmonic B-splines are also well-behaved. Finally, we derive a fully irregular, discrete refinement scheme for these splines that generalizes knot insertion for univariate B-splines.	Discrete bi-Laplacians and biharmonic b-splines	NA:NA	2018
Menglei Chai:Lvdi Wang:Yanlin Weng:Yizhou Yu:Baining Guo:Kun Zhou	Human hair is known to be very difficult to model or reconstruct. In this paper, we focus on applications related to portrait manipulation and take an application-driven approach to hair modeling. To enable an average user to achieve interesting portrait manipulation results, we develop a single-view hair modeling technique with modest user interaction to meet the unique requirements set by portrait manipulation. Our method relies on heuristics to generate a plausible high-resolution strand-based 3D hair model. This is made possible by an effective high-precision 2D strand tracing algorithm, which explicitly models uncertainty and local layering during tracing. The depth of the traced strands is solved through an optimization, which simultaneously considers depth constraints, layering constraints as well as regularization terms. Our single-view hair modeling enables a number of interesting applications that were previously challenging, including transferring the hairstyle of one subject to another in a potentially different pose, rendering the original portrait in a novel view and image-space hair editing.	Single-view hair modeling for portrait manipulation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Thabo Beeler:Bernd Bickel:Gioacchino Noris:Paul Beardsley:Steve Marschner:Robert W. Sumner:Markus Gross	Although facial hair plays an important role in individual expression, facial-hair reconstruction is not addressed by current face-capture systems. Our research addresses this limitation with an algorithm that treats hair and skin surface capture together in a coupled fashion so that a high-quality representation of hair fibers as well as the underlying skin surface can be reconstructed. We propose a passive, camera-based system that is robust against arbitrary motion since all data is acquired within the time period of a single exposure. Our reconstruction algorithm detects and traces hairs in the captured images and reconstructs them in 3D using a multiview stereo approach. Our coupled skin-reconstruction algorithm uses information about the detected hairs to deliver a skin surface that lies underneath all hairs irrespective of occlusions. In dense regions like eyebrows, we employ a hair-synthesis method to create hair fibers that plausibly match the image data. We demonstrate our scanning system on a number of individuals and show that it can successfully reconstruct a variety of facial-hair styles together with the underlying skin surface.	Coupled 3D reconstruction of sparse facial hair and skin	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alla Sheffer	NA	Session details: Geometry & topology	NA	2018
Tamal K. Dey:Fengtao Fan:Yusu Wang	A special family of non-trivial loops on a surface called handle and tunnel loops associates closely to geometric features of "handles" and "tunnels" respectively in a 3D model. The identification of these handle and tunnel loops can benefit a broad range of applications from topology simplification/repair, and surface parameterization, to feature and shape recognition. Many of the existing efficient algorithms for computing non-trivial loops cannot be used to compute these special type of loops. The two algorithms known for computing handle and tunnel loops provably have a serious drawback that they both require a tessellation of the interior and exterior spaces bounded by the surface. Computing such a tessellation of three dimensional space around the surface is a non-trivial task and can be quite expensive. Furthermore, such a tessellation may need to refine the surface mesh, thus causing the undesirable side-effect of outputting the loops on an altered surface mesh. In this paper, we present an efficient algorithm to compute a basis for handle and tunnel loops without requiring any 3D tessellation. This saves time considerably for large meshes making the algorithm scalable while computing the loops on the original input mesh and not on some refined version of it. We use the concept of the Reeb graph which together with several key theoretical insights on linking number provide an initial set of loops that provably constitute a handle and a tunnel basis. We further develop a novel strategy to tighten these handle and tunnel basis loops to make them geometrically relevant. We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our algorithm as well as show its robustness against noise, and other anomalies in the input.	An efficient computation of handle and tunnel loops via Reeb graphs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Alec Jacobson:Ladislav Kavan:Olga Sorkine-Hornung	Solid shapes in computer graphics are often represented with boundary descriptions, e.g. triangle meshes, but animation, physically-based simulation, and geometry processing are more realistic and accurate when explicit volume representations are available. Tetrahedral meshes which exactly contain (interpolate) the input boundary description are desirable but difficult to construct for a large class of input meshes. Character meshes and CAD models are often composed of many connected components with numerous self-intersections, non-manifold pieces, and open boundaries, precluding existing meshing algorithms. We propose an automatic algorithm handling all of these issues, resulting in a compact discretization of the input's inner volume. We only require reasonably consistent orientation of the input triangle mesh. By generalizing the winding number for arbitrary triangle meshes, we define a function that is a perfect segmentation for watertight input and is well-behaved otherwise. This function guides a graphcut segmentation of a constrained Delaunay tessellation (CDT), providing a minimal description that meets the boundary exactly and may be fed as input to existing tools to achieve element quality. We highlight our robustness on a number of examples and show applications of solving PDEs, volumetric texturing and elastic simulation.	Robust inside-outside segmentation using generalized winding numbers	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gilbert Louis Bernstein:Chris Wojtan	This paper presents a method for computing topology changes for triangle meshes in an interactive geometric modeling environment. Most triangle meshes in practice do not exhibit desirable geometric properties, so we develop a solution that is independent of standard assumptions and robust to geometric errors. Specifically, we provide the first method for topology change applicable to arbitrary non-solid, non-manifold, non-closed, self-intersecting surfaces. We prove that this new method for topology change produces the expected conventional results when applied to solid (closed, manifold, non-self-intersecting) surfaces---that is, we prove a backwards-compatibility property relative to prior work. Beyond solid surfaces, we present empirical evidence that our method remains tolerant to a variety of surface aberrations through the incorporation of a novel error correction scheme. Finally, we demonstrate how topology change applied to non-solid objects enables wholly new and useful behaviors.	Putting holes in holey geometry: topology change for arbitrary surfaces	NA:NA	2018
Jonathan D. Denning:Fabio Pellacini	This paper presents MeshGit, a practical algorithm for diffing and merging polygonal meshes typically used in subdivision modeling workflows. Inspired by version control for text editing, we introduce the mesh edit distance as a measure of the dissimilarity between meshes. This distance is defined as the minimum cost of matching the vertices and faces of one mesh to those of another. We propose an iterative greedy algorithm to approximate the mesh edit distance, which scales well with model complexity, providing a practical solution to our problem. We translate the mesh correspondence into a set of mesh editing operations that transforms the first mesh into the second. The editing operations can be displayed directly to provide a meaningful visual difference between meshes. For merging, we compute the difference between two versions and their common ancestor, as sets of editing operations. We robustly detect conflicting operations, automatically apply non-conflicting edits, and allow the user to choose how to merge the conflicting edits. We evaluate MeshGit by diffing and merging a variety of meshes and find it to work well for all.	MeshGit: diffing and merging meshes for polygonal modeling	NA:NA	2018
Alexander Hornung	NA	Session details: Color & compositing	NA	2018
Ivaylo Boyadzhiev:Sylvain Paris:Kavita Bala	Good lighting is crucial in photography and can make the difference between a great picture and a discarded image. Traditionally, professional photographers work in a studio with many light sources carefully set up, with the goal of getting a near-final image at exposure time, with post-processing mostly focusing on aspects orthogonal to lighting. Recently, a new workflow has emerged for architectural and commercial photography, where photographers capture several photos from a fixed viewpoint with a moving light source. The objective is not to produce the final result immediately, but rather to capture useful data that are later processed, often significantly, in photo editing software to create the final well-lit image. This new workflow is flexible, requires less manual setup, and works well for time-constrained shots. But dealing with several tens of unorganized layers is painstaking, requiring hours to days of manual effort, as well as advanced photo editing skills. Our objective in this paper is to make the compositing step easier. We describe a set of optimizations to assemble the input images to create a few basis lights that correspond to common goals pursued by photographers, e.g., accentuating edges and curved regions. We also introduce modifiers that capture standard photographic tasks, e.g., to alter the lights to soften highlights and shadows, akin to umbrellas and soft boxes. Our experiments with novice and professional users show that our approach allows them to quickly create satisfying results, whereas working with unorganized images requires considerably more time. Casual users particularly benefit from our approach since coping with a large number of layers is daunting for them and requires significant experience.	User-assisted image compositing for photographic lighting	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sharon Lin:Daniel Ritchie:Matthew Fisher:Pat Hanrahan	We present a probabilistic factor graph model for automatically coloring 2D patterns. The model is trained on example patterns to statistically capture their stylistic properties. It incorporates terms for enforcing both color compatibility and spatial arrangements of colors that are consistent with the training examples. Using Markov Chain Monte Carlo, the model can be sampled to generate a diverse set of new colorings for a target pattern. This general probabilistic framework allows users to guide the generated suggestions via conditional inference or additional soft constraints. We demonstrate results on a variety of coloring tasks, and we evaluate the model through a perceptual study in which participants judged sampled colorings to be significantly preferable to other automatic baselines.	Probabilistic color-by-numbers: suggesting pattern colorizations using factor graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yoav HaCohen:Eli Shechtman:Dan B. Goldman:Dani Lischinski	With dozens or even hundreds of photos in today's digital photo albums, editing an entire album can be a daunting task. Existing automatic tools operate on individual photos without ensuring consistency of appearance between photographs that share content. In this paper, we present a new method for consistent editing of photo collections. Our method automatically enforces consistent appearance of images that share content without any user input. When the user does make changes to selected images, these changes automatically propagate to other images in the collection, while still maintaining as much consistency as possible. This makes it possible to interactively adjust an entire photo album in a consistent manner by manipulating only a few images. Our method operates by efficiently constructing a graph with edges linking photo pairs that share content. Consistent appearance of connected photos is achieved by globally optimizing a quadratic cost function over the entire graph, treating user-specified edits as constraints in the optimization. The optimization is fast enough to provide interactive visual feedback to the user. We demonstrate the usefulness of our approach using a number of personal and professional photo collections, as well as internet collections.	Optimizing color consistency in photo collections	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nicolas Bonneel:Kalyan Sunkavalli:Sylvain Paris:Hanspeter Pfister	In most professional cinema productions, the color palette of the movie is painstakingly adjusted by a team of skilled colorists -- through a process referred to as color grading -- to achieve a certain visual look. The time and expertise required to grade a video makes it difficult for amateurs to manipulate the colors of their own video clips. In this work, we present a method that allows a user to transfer the color palette of a model video clip to their own video sequence. We estimate a per-frame color transform that maps the color distributions in the input video sequence to that of the model video clip. Applying this transformation naively leads to artifacts such as bleeding and flickering. Instead, we propose a novel differential-geometry-based scheme that interpolates these transformations in a manner that minimizes their curvature, similarly to curvature flows. In addition, we automatically determine a set of keyframes that best represent this interpolated transformation curve, and can be used subsequently, to manually refine the color grade. We show how our method can successfully transfer color palettes between videos for a range of visual styles and a number of input video clips.	Example-based video color grading	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yaser Sheikh	NA	Session details: Faces & hands	NA	2018
Sofien Bouaziz:Yangang Wang:Mark Pauly	We present a new algorithm for realtime face tracking on commodity RGB-D sensing devices. Our method requires no user-specific training or calibration, or any other form of manual assistance, thus enabling a range of new applications in performance-based facial animation and virtual interaction at the consumer level. The key novelty of our approach is an optimization algorithm that jointly solves for a detailed 3D expression model of the user and the corresponding dynamic tracking parameters. Realtime performance and robust computations are facilitated by a novel subspace parameterization of the dynamic facial expression space. We provide a detailed evaluation that shows that our approach significantly simplifies the performance capture workflow, while achieving accurate facial tracking for realtime applications.	Online modeling for realtime facial animation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chen Cao:Yanlin Weng:Stephen Lin:Kun Zhou	We present a real-time performance-driven facial animation system based on 3D shape regression. In this system, the 3D positions of facial landmark points are inferred by a regressor from 2D video frames of an ordinary web camera. From these 3D points, the pose and expressions of the face are recovered by fitting a user-specific blendshape model to them. The main technical contribution of this work is the 3D regression algorithm that learns an accurate, user-specific face alignment model from an easily acquired set of training data, generated from images of the user performing a sequence of predefined facial poses and expressions. Experiments show that our system can accurately recover 3D face shapes even for fast motions, non-frontal faces, and exaggerated expressions. In addition, some capacity to handle partial occlusions and changing lighting conditions is demonstrated.	3D shape regression for real-time facial animation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Li:Jihun Yu:Yuting Ye:Chris Bregler	We introduce a real-time and calibration-free facial performance capture framework based on a sensor with video and depth input. In this framework, we develop an adaptive PCA model using shape correctives that adjust on-the-fly to the actor's expressions through incremental PCA-based learning. Since the fitting of the adaptive model progressively improves during the performance, we do not require an extra capture or training session to build this model. As a result, the system is highly deployable and easy to use: it can faithfully track any individual, starting from just a single face scan of the subject in a neutral pose. Like many real-time methods, we use a linear subspace to cope with incomplete input data and fast motion. To boost the training of our tracking model with reliable samples, we use a well-trained 2D facial feature tracker on the input video and an efficient mesh deformation algorithm to snap the result of the previous step to high frequency details in visible depth map regions. We show that the combination of dense depth maps and texture features around eyes and lips is essential in capturing natural dialogues and nuanced actor-specific emotions. We demonstrate that using an adaptive PCA model not only improves the fitting accuracy for tracking but also increases the expressiveness of the retargeted character.	Realtime facial animation with on-the-fly correctives	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yangang Wang:Jianyuan Min:Jianjie Zhang:Yebin Liu:Feng Xu:Qionghai Dai:Jinxiang Chai	This paper describes a new method for acquiring physically realistic hand manipulation data from multiple video streams. The key idea of our approach is to introduce a composite motion control to simultaneously model hand articulation, object movement, and subtle interaction between the hand and object. We formulate video-based hand manipulation capture in an optimization framework by maximizing the consistency between the simulated motion and the observed image data. We search an optimal motion control that drives the simulation to best match the observed image data. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach by capturing a wide range of high-fidelity dexterous manipulation data. We show the power of our recovered motion controllers by adapting the captured motion data to new objects with different properties. The system achieves superior performance against alternative methods such as marker-based motion capture and kinematic hand motion tracking.	Video-based hand manipulation capture through composite motion control	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kari Pulli	NA	Session details: Computational light capture	NA	2018
Andreas Velten:Di Wu:Adrian Jarabo:Belen Masia:Christopher Barsi:Chinmaya Joshi:Everett Lawson:Moungi Bawendi:Diego Gutierrez:Ramesh Raskar	We present femto-photography, a novel imaging technique to capture and visualize the propagation of light. With an effective exposure time of 1.85 picoseconds (ps) per frame, we reconstruct movies of ultrafast events at an equivalent resolution of about one half trillion frames per second. Because cameras with this shutter speed do not exist, we re-purpose modern imaging hardware to record an ensemble average of repeatable events that are synchronized to a streak sensor, in which the time of arrival of light from the scene is coded in one of the sensor's spatial dimensions. We introduce reconstruction methods that allow us to visualize the propagation of femtosecond light pulses through macroscopic scenes; at such fast resolution, we must consider the notion of time-unwarping between the camera's and the world's space-time coordinate systems to take into account effects associated with the finite speed of light. We apply our femto-photography technique to visualizations of very different scenes, which allow us to observe the rich dynamics of time-resolved light transport effects, including scattering, specular reflections, diffuse interreflections, diffraction, caustics, and subsurface scattering. Our work has potential applications in artistic, educational, and scientific visualizations; industrial imaging to analyze material properties; and medical imaging to reconstruct subsurface elements. In addition, our time-resolved technique may motivate new forms of computational photography.	Femto-photography: capturing and visualizing the propagation of light	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Felix Heide:Matthias B. Hullin:James Gregson:Wolfgang Heidrich	Transient imaging is an exciting a new imaging modality that can be used to understand light propagation in complex environments, and to capture and analyze scene properties such as the shape of hidden objects or the reflectance properties of surfaces. Unfortunately, research in transient imaging has so far been hindered by the high cost of the required instrumentation, as well as the fragility and difficulty to operate and calibrate devices such as femtosecond lasers and streak cameras. In this paper, we explore the use of photonic mixer devices (PMD), commonly used in inexpensive time-of-flight cameras, as alternative instrumentation for transient imaging. We obtain a sequence of differently modulated images with a PMD sensor, impose a model for local light/object interaction, and use an optimization procedure to infer transient images given the measurements and model. The resulting method produces transient images at a cost several orders of magnitude below existing methods, while simultaneously simplifying and speeding up the capture process.	Low-budget transient imaging using photonic mixer devices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kshitij Marwah:Gordon Wetzstein:Yosuke Bando:Ramesh Raskar	Light field photography has gained a significant research interest in the last two decades; today, commercial light field cameras are widely available. Nevertheless, most existing acquisition approaches either multiplex a low-resolution light field into a single 2D sensor image or require multiple photographs to be taken for acquiring a high-resolution light field. We propose a compressive light field camera architecture that allows for higher-resolution light fields to be recovered than previously possible from a single image. The proposed architecture comprises three key components: light field atoms as a sparse representation of natural light fields, an optical design that allows for capturing optimized 2D light field projections, and robust sparse reconstruction methods to recover a 4D light field from a single coded 2D projection. In addition, we demonstrate a variety of other applications for light field atoms and sparse coding, including 4D light field compression and denoising.	Compressive light field photography using overcomplete dictionaries and optimized projections	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alkhazur Manakov:John F. Restrepo:Oliver Klehm:Ramon Hegedüs:Elmar Eisemann:Hans-Peter Seidel:Ivo Ihrke	We propose a non-permanent add-on that enables plenoptic imaging with standard cameras. Our design is based on a physical copying mechanism that multiplies a sensor image into a number of identical copies that still carry the plenoptic information of interest. Via different optical filters, we can then recover the desired information. A minor modification of the design also allows for aperture sub-sampling and, hence, light-field imaging. As the filters in our design are exchangeable, a reconfiguration for different imaging purposes is possible. We show in a prototype setup that high dynamic range, multispectral, polarization, and light-field imaging can be achieved with our design.	A reconfigurable camera add-on for high dynamic range, multispectral, polarization, and light-field imaging	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Doug James	NA	Session details: Rods & shells	NA	2018
Romain Casati:Florence Bertails-Descoubes	Thin elastic filaments in real world such as vine tendrils, hair ringlets or curled ribbons often depict a very smooth, curved shape that low-order rod models --- e.g., segment-based rods --- fail to reproduce accurately and compactly. In this paper, we push forward the investigation of high-order models for thin, inextensible elastic rods by building the dynamics of a G2-continuous piecewise 3D clothoid: a smooth space curve with piecewise affine curvature. With the aim of precisely integrating the rod kinematic problem, for which no closed-form solution exists, we introduce a dedicated integration scheme based on power series expansions. It turns out that our algorithm reaches machine precision orders of magnitude faster compared to classical numerical integrators. This property, nicely preserved under simple algebraic and differential operations, allows us to compute all spatial terms of the rod kinematics and dynamics in both an efficient and accurate way. Combined with a semi-implicit time-stepping scheme, our method leads to the efficient and robust simulation of arbitrary curly filaments that exhibit rich, visually pleasing configurations and motion. Our approach was successfully applied to generate various scenarios such as the unwinding of a curled ribbon as well as the aesthetic animation of spiral-like hair or the fascinating growth of twining plants.	Super space clothoids	NA:NA	2018
Duo Li:Shinjiro Sueda:Debanga R. Neog:Dinesh K. Pai	We present a novel approach for simulating thin hyperelastic skin. Real human skin is only a few millimeters thick. It can stretch and slide over underlying body structures such as muscles, bones, and tendons, revealing rich details of a moving character. Simulating such skin is challenging because it is in close contact with the body and shares its geometry. Despite major advances in simulating elastodynamics of cloth and soft bodies for computer graphics, such methods are difficult to use for simulating thin skin due to the need to deal with non-conforming meshes, collision detection, and contact response. We propose a novel Eulerian representation of skin that avoids all the difficulties of constraining the skin to lie on the body surface by working directly on the surface itself. Skin is modeled as a 2D hyperelastic membrane with arbitrary topology, which makes it easy to cover an entire character or object. Unlike most Eulerian simulations, we do not require a regular grid and can use triangular meshes to model body and skin geometry. The method is easy to implement, and can use low resolution meshes to animate high-resolution details stored in texture-like maps. Skin movement is driven by the animation of body shape prescribed by an artist or by another simulation, and so it can be easily added as a post-processing stage to an existing animation pipeline. We provide several examples simulating human and animal skin, and skin-tight clothes.	Thin skin elastodynamics	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Olivier Rémillard:Paul G. Kry	We present a new technique for simulating high resolution surface wrinkling deformations of composite objects consisting of a soft interior and a harder skin. We combine high resolution thin shells with coarse finite element lattices and define frequency based constraints that allow the formation of wrinkles with properties matching those predicted by the physical parameters of the composite object. Our two-way coupled model produces the expected wrinkling behavior without the computational expense of a large number of volumetric elements to model deformations under the surface. We use C1 quadratic shape functions for the interior deformations, allowing very coarse resolutions to model the overall global deformation efficiently, while avoiding visual artifacts of wrinkling at discretization boundaries. We demonstrate that our model produces wrinkle wavelengths that match both theoretical predictions and high resolution volumetric simulations. We also show example applications in simulating wrinkles on passive objects, such as furniture, and for wrinkles on faces in character animation.	Embedded thin shells for wrinkle simulation	NA:NA	2018
Rahul Narain:Tobias Pfaff:James F. O'Brien	We present a technique for simulating plastic deformation in sheets of thin materials, such as crumpled paper, dented metal, and wrinkled cloth. Our simulation uses a framework of adaptive mesh refinement to dynamically align mesh edges with folds and creases. This framework allows efficient modeling of sharp features and avoids bend locking that would be otherwise caused by stiff in-plane behavior. By using an explicit plastic embedding space we prevent remeshing from causing shape diffusion. We include several examples demonstrating that the resulting method realistically simulates the behavior of thin sheets as they fold and crumple.	Folding and crumpling adaptive sheets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Oleksiy Busaryev:Tamal K. Dey:Huamin Wang	The fractures of thin plates often exhibit complex physical behaviors in the real world. In particular, fractures caused by tearing are different from fractures caused by in-plane motions. In this paper, we study how to make thin-plate fracture animations more realistic from three perspectives. We propose a stress relaxation method, which is applied to avoid shattering artifacts after generating each fracture cut. We formulate a fracture-aware remeshing scheme based on constrained Delaunay triangulation, to adaptively provide more fracture details. Finally, we use our multi-layered model to simulate complex fracture behaviors across thin layers. Our experiment shows that the system can efficiently and realistically simulate the fractures of multi-layered thin plates.	Adaptive fracture simulation of multi-layered thin plates	NA:NA:NA	2018
Adam Finkelstein	NA	Session details: Line drawing	NA	2018
C. Lawrence Zitnick	In this paper, we propose a general purpose approach to handwriting beautification using online input from a stylus. Given a sample of writings, drawings, or sketches from the same user, our method improves a user's strokes in real-time as they are drawn. Our approach relies on one main insight. The appearance of the average of multiple instances of the same written word or shape is better than most of the individual instances. We utilize this observation using a two-stage approach. First, we propose an efficient real-time method for finding matching sets of stroke samples called tokens in a potentially large database of writings from a user. Second, we refine the user's most recently written strokes by averaging them with the matching tokens. Our approach works without handwriting recognition, and does not require a database of predefined letters, words, or shapes. Our results show improved results for a wide range of writing styles and drawings.	Handwriting beautification using token means	NA	2018
Alex Limpaecher:Nicolas Feltman:Adrien Treuille:Michael Cohen	We propose a new method for the large-scale collection and analysis of drawings by using a mobile game specifically designed to collect such data. Analyzing this crowdsourced drawing database, we build a spatially varying model of artistic consensus at the stroke level. We then present a surprisingly simple stroke-correction method which uses our artistic consensus model to improve strokes in real-time. Importantly, our auto-corrections run interactively and appear nearly invisible to the user while seamlessly preserving artistic intent. Closing the loop, the game itself serves as a platform for large-scale evaluation of the effectiveness of our stroke correction algorithm.	Real-time drawing assistance through crowdsourcing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Itamar Berger:Ariel Shamir:Moshe Mahler:Elizabeth Carter:Jessica Hodgins	We use a data-driven approach to study both style and abstraction in sketching of a human face. We gather and analyze data from a number of artists as they sketch a human face from a reference photograph. To achieve different levels of abstraction in the sketches, decreasing time limits were imposed -- from four and a half minutes to fifteen seconds. We analyzed the data at two levels: strokes and geometric shape. In each, we create a model that captures both the style of the different artists and the process of abstraction. These models are then used for a portrait sketch synthesis application. Starting from a novel face photograph, we can synthesize a sketch in the various artistic styles and in different levels of abstraction.	Style and abstraction in portrait sketching	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tianjia Shao:Wilmot Li:Kun Zhou:Weiwei Xu:Baining Guo:Niloy J. Mitra	Concept sketches are popularly used by designers to convey pose and function of products. Understanding such sketches, however, requires special skills to form a mental 3D representation of the product geometry by linking parts across the different sketches and imagining the intermediate object configurations. Hence, the sketches can remain inaccessible to many, especially non-designers. We present a system to facilitate easy interpretation and exploration of concept sketches. Starting from crudely specified incomplete geometry, often inconsistent across the different views, we propose a globally-coupled analysis to extract part correspondence and inter-part junction information that best explain the different sketch views. The user can then interactively explore the abstracted object to gain better understanding of the product functions. Our key technical contribution is performing shape analysis without access to any coherent 3D geometric model by reasoning in the space of inter-part relations. We evaluate our system on various concept sketches obtained from popular product design books and websites.	Interpreting concept sketches	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yongjin Kim:Yunjin Lee:Henry Kang:Seungyong Lee	This paper discusses stereoscopic 3D imaging based on line drawing of 3D shapes. We describe the major issues and challenges in generating stereoscopic 3D effects using lines only, with a couple of relatively simple approaches called each-eye-based and center-eye-based. Each of these methods has its shortcomings, such as binocular rivalry and inaccurate lines. We explain why and how these problems occur, then describe the concept of stereo-coherent lines and an algorithm to extract them from 3D shapes. We also propose a simple method to stylize stereo lines that ensures the stereo coherence of stroke textures across binocular views. The proposed method provides viewers with unique visual experience of watching 2D drawings popping out of the screen like 3D.	Stereoscopic 3D line drawing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Diego Gutierrez	NA	Session details: Perception	NA	2018
Peter Vangorp:Christian Richardt:Emily A. Cooper:Gaurav Chaurasia:Martin S. Banks:George Drettakis	Image-based rendering (IBR) creates realistic images by enriching simple geometries with photographs, e.g., mapping the photograph of a building façade onto a plane. However, as soon as the viewer moves away from the correct viewpoint, the image in the retina becomes distorted, sometimes leading to gross misperceptions of the original geometry. Two hypotheses from vision science state how viewers perceive such image distortions, one claiming that they can compensate for them (and therefore perceive scene geometry reasonably correctly), and one claiming that they cannot compensate (and therefore can perceive rather significant distortions). We modified the latter hypothesis so that it extends to street-level IBR. We then conducted a rigorous experiment that measured the magnitude of perceptual distortions that occur with IBR for façade viewing. We also conducted a rating experiment that assessed the acceptability of the distortions. The results of the two experiments were consistent with one another. They showed that viewers' percepts are indeed distorted, but not as severely as predicted by the modified vision science hypothesis. From our experimental results, we develop a predictive model of distortion for street-level IBR, which we use to provide guidelines for acceptability of virtual views and for capture camera density. We perform a confirmatory study to validate our predictions, and illustrate their use with an application that guides users in IBR navigation to stay in regions where virtual views yield acceptable perceptual distortions.	Perception of perspective distortions in image-based rendering	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yaron Lipman	NA	Session details: Surfaces & differential geometry	NA	2018
Felix Knöppel:Keenan Crane:Ulrich Pinkall:Peter Schröder	We present a method for constructing smooth n-direction fields (line fields, cross fields, etc.) on surfaces that is an order of magnitude faster than state-of-the-art methods, while still producing fields of equal or better quality. Fields produced by the method are globally optimal in the sense that they minimize a simple, well-defined quadratic smoothness energy over all possible configurations of singularities (number, location, and index). The method is fully automatic and can optionally produce fields aligned with a given guidance field such as principal curvature directions. Computationally the smoothest field is found via a sparse eigenvalue problem involving a matrix similar to the cotan-Laplacian. When a guidance field is present, finding the optimal field amounts to solving a single linear system.	Globally optimal direction fields	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniele Panozzo:Ilya Baran:Olga Diamanti:Olga Sorkine-Hornung	We consider the problem of generalizing affine combinations in Euclidean spaces to triangle meshes: computing weighted averages of points on surfaces. We address both the forward problem, namely computing an average of given anchor points on the mesh with given weights, and the inverse problem, which is computing the weights given anchor points and a target point. Solving the forward problem on a mesh enables applications such as splines on surfaces, Laplacian smoothing and remeshing. Combining the forward and inverse problems allows us to define a correspondence mapping between two different meshes based on provided corresponding point pairs, enabling texture transfer, compatible remeshing, morphing and more. Our algorithm solves a single instance of a forward or an inverse problem in a few microseconds. We demonstrate that anchor points in the above applications can be added/removed and moved around on the meshes at interactive framerates, giving the user an immediate result as feedback.	Weighted averages on surfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Keenan Crane:Ulrich Pinkall:Peter Schröder	We present a formulation of Willmore flow for triangulated surfaces that permits extraordinarily large time steps and naturally preserves the quality of the input mesh. The main insight is that Willmore flow becomes remarkably stable when expressed in curvature space -- we develop the precise conditions under which curvature is allowed to evolve. The practical outcome is a highly efficient algorithm that naturally preserves texture and does not require remeshing during the flow. We apply this algorithm to surface fairing, geometric modeling, and construction of constant mean curvature (CMC) surfaces. We also present a new algorithm for length-preserving flow on planar curves, which provides a valuable analogy for the surface case.	Robust fairing via conformal curvature flow	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chris Wojtan	NA	Session details: Fluid grids & meshes	NA	2018
Theodore Kim:John Delaney	We present a new subspace integration method that is capable of efficiently adding and subtracting dynamics from an existing high-resolution fluid simulation. We show how to analyze the results of an existing high-resolution simulation, discover an efficient reduced approximation, and use it to quickly "re-simulate" novel variations of the original dynamics. Prior subspace methods have had difficulty re-simulating the original input dynamics because they lack efficient means of handling semi-Lagrangian advection methods. We show that multi-dimensional cubature schemes can be applied to this and other advection methods, such as MacCormack advection. The remaining pressure and diffusion stages can be written as a single matrix-vector multiply, so as with previous subspace methods, no matrix inversion is needed at runtime. We additionally propose a novel importance sampling-based fitting algorithm that asymptotically accelerates the precomputation stage, and show that the Iterated Orthogonal Projection method can be used to elegantly incorporate moving internal boundaries into a subspace simulation. In addition to efficiently producing variations of the original input, our method can produce novel, abstract fluid motions that we have not seen from any other solver.	Subspace fluid re-simulation	NA:NA	2018
Bo Zhu:Wenlong Lu:Matthew Cong:Byungmoon Kim:Ronald Fedkiw	We present an efficient grid structure that extends a uniform grid to create a significantly larger far-field grid by dynamically extending the cells surrounding a fine uniform grid while still maintaining fine resolution about the regions of interest. The far-field grid preserves almost every computational advantage of uniform grids including cache coherency, regular subdivisions for parallelization, simple data layout, the existence of efficient numerical discretizations and algorithms for solving partial differential equations, etc. This allows fluid simulations to cover large domains that are often infeasible to enclose with sufficient resolution using a uniform grid, while still effectively capturing fine scale details in regions of interest using dynamic adaptivity.	A new grid structure for domain extension	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tamy Boubekeur	NA	Session details: Points	NA	2018
Lei He:Scott Schaefer	We present an algorithm for denoising triangulated models based on L0 minimization. Our method maximizes the flat regions of the model and gradually removes noise while preserving sharp features. As part of this process, we build a discrete differential operator for arbitrary triangle meshes that is robust with respect to degenerate triangulations. We compare our method versus other anisotropic denoising algorithms and demonstrate that our method is more robust and produces good results even in the presence of high noise.	Mesh denoising via L0 minimization	NA:NA	2018
Hui Huang:Shihao Wu:Daniel Cohen-Or:Minglun Gong:Hao Zhang:Guiqing Li:Baoquan Chen	We introduce L1-medial skeleton as a curve skeleton representation for 3D point cloud data. The L1-median is well-known as a robust global center of an arbitrary set of points. We make the key observation that adapting L1-medians locally to a point set representing a 3D shape gives rise to a one-dimensional structure, which can be seen as a localized center of the shape. The primary advantage of our approach is that it does not place strong requirements on the quality of the input point cloud nor on the geometry or topology of the captured shape. We develop a L1-medial skeleton construction algorithm, which can be directly applied to an unoriented raw point scan with significant noise, outliers, and large areas of missing data. We demonstrate L1-medial skeletons extracted from raw scans of a variety of shapes, including those modeling high-genus 3D objects, plant-like structures, and curve networks.	L1-medial skeleton of point cloud	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hui Lin:Jizhou Gao:Yu Zhou:Guiliang Lu:Mao Ye:Chenxi Zhang:Ligang Liu:Ruigang Yang	We present a complete system to semantically decompose and reconstruct 3D models from point clouds. Different than previous urban modeling approaches, our system is designed for residential scenes, which consist of mainly low-rise buildings that do not exhibit the regularity and repetitiveness as high-rise buildings in downtown areas. Our system first automatically labels the input into distinctive categories using supervised learning techniques. Based on the semantic labels, objects in different categories are reconstructed with domain-specific knowledge. In particular, we present a novel building modeling scheme that aims to decompose and fit the building point cloud into basic blocks that are block-wise symmetric and convex. This building representation and its reconstruction algorithm are flexible, efficient, and robust to missing data. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our system on various datasets and compare our building modeling scheme with other state-of-the-art reconstruction algorithms to show its advantage in terms of both quality and speed.	Semantic decomposition and reconstruction of residential scenes from LiDAR data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Selle	NA	Session details: Voxels & liquids	NA	2018
Michael B. Nielsen:Ole Østerby	Physics based simulation of the dynamics of water spray - water droplets dispersed in air - is a means to increase the visual plausibility of computer graphics modeled phenomena such as waterfalls, water jets and stormy seas. Spray phenomena are frequently encountered by the visual effects industry and often challenge state of the art methods. Current spray simulation pipelines typically employ a combination of Lagrangian (particle) and Eulerian (volumetric) methods - the Eulerian methods being used for parts of the spray where individual droplets are not apparent. However, existing Eulerian methods in computer graphics are based on gas solvers that will for example exhibit hydrostatic equilibrium in certain scenarios where the air is expected to rise and the water droplets fall. To overcome this problem, we propose to simulate spray in the Eulerian domain as a two-way coupled two-continua of air and water phases co-existing at each point in space. The fundamental equations originate in applied physics and we present a number of contributions that make Eulerian two-continua spray simulation feasible for computer graphics applications. The contributions include a Poisson equation that fits into the operator splitting methodology as well as (semi-)implicit discretizations of droplet diffusion and the drag force with improved stability properties. As shown by several examples, our approach allows us to more faithfully capture the dynamics of spray than previous Eulerian methods.	A two-continua approach to Eulerian simulation of water spray	NA:NA	2018
Morten Bojsen-Hansen:Chris Wojtan	Our work concerns the combination of an Eulerian liquid simulation with a high-resolution surface tracker (e.g. the level set method or a Lagrangian triangle mesh). The naive application of a high-resolution surface tracker to a low-resolution velocity field can produce many visually disturbing physical and topological artifacts that limit their use in practice. We address these problems by defining an error function which compares the current state of the surface tracker to the set of physically valid surface states. By reducing this error with a gradient descent technique, we introduce a novel physics-based surface fairing method. Similarly, by treating this error function as a potential energy, we derive a new surface correction force that mimics the vortex sheet equations. We demonstrate our results with both level set and mesh-based surface trackers.	Liquid surface tracking with error compensation	NA:NA	2018
Misha Kazhdan	NA	Session details: Shape analysis	NA	2018
Oliver van Kaick:Kai Xu:Hao Zhang:Yanzhen Wang:Shuyang Sun:Ariel Shamir:Daniel Cohen-Or	We introduce an unsupervised co-hierarchical analysis of a set of shapes, aimed at discovering their hierarchical part structures and revealing relations between geometrically dissimilar yet functionally equivalent shape parts across the set. The core problem is that of representative co-selection. For each shape in the set, one representative hierarchy (tree) is selected from among many possible interpretations of the hierarchical structure of the shape. Collectively, the selected tree representatives maximize the within-cluster structural similarity among them. We develop an iterative algorithm for representative co-selection. At each step, a novel cluster-and-select scheme is applied to a set of candidate trees for all the shapes. The tree-to-tree distance for clustering caters to structural shape analysis by focusing on spatial arrangement of shape parts, rather than their geometric details. The final set of representative trees are unified to form a structural co-hierarchy. We demonstrate co-hierarchical analysis on families of man-made shapes exhibiting high degrees of geometric and finer-scale structural variabilities.	Co-hierarchical analysis of shape structures	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vladimir G. Kim:Wilmot Li:Niloy J. Mitra:Siddhartha Chaudhuri:Stephen DiVerdi:Thomas Funkhouser	As large repositories of 3D shape collections continue to grow, understanding the data, especially encoding the inter-model similarity and their variations, is of central importance. For example, many data-driven approaches now rely on access to semantic segmentation information, accurate inter-model point-to-point correspondence, and deformation models that characterize the model collections. Existing approaches, however, are either supervised requiring manual labeling; or employ super-linear matching algorithms and thus are unsuited for analyzing large collections spanning many thousands of models. We propose an automatic algorithm that starts with an initial template model and then jointly optimizes for part segmentation, point-to-point surface correspondence, and a compact deformation model to best explain the input model collection. As output, the algorithm produces a set of probabilistic part-based templates that groups the original models into clusters of models capturing their styles and variations. We evaluate our algorithm on several standard datasets and demonstrate its scalability by analyzing much larger collections of up to thousands of shapes.	Learning part-based templates from large collections of 3D shapes	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shi-Sheng Huang:Ariel Shamir:Chao-Hui Shen:Hao Zhang:Alla Sheffer:Shi-Min Hu:Daniel Cohen-Or	We present a method for organizing a heterogeneous collection of 3D shapes for overview and exploration. Instead of relying on quantitative distances, which may become unreliable between dissimilar shapes, we introduce a qualitative analysis which utilizes multiple distance measures but only in cases where the measures can be reliably compared. Our analysis is based on the notion of quartets, each defined by two pairs of shapes, where the shapes in each pair are close to each other, but far apart from the shapes in the other pair. Combining the information from many quartets computed across a shape collection using several distance measures, we create a hierarchical structure we call categorization tree of the shape collection. This tree satisfies the topological (qualitative) constraints imposed by the quartets creating an effective organization of the shapes. We present categorization trees computed on various collections of shapes and compare them to ground truth data from human categorization. We further introduce the concept of degree of separation chart for every shape in the collection and show the effectiveness of using it for interactive shapes exploration.	Qualitative organization of collections of shapes via quartet analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Raif M. Rustamov:Maks Ovsjanikov:Omri Azencot:Mirela Ben-Chen:Frédéric Chazal:Leonidas Guibas	We develop a novel formulation for the notion of shape differences, aimed at providing detailed information about the location and nature of the differences or distortions between the two shapes being compared. Our difference operator, derived from a shape map, is much more informative than just a scalar global shape similarity score, rendering it useful in a variety of applications where more refined shape comparisons are necessary. The approach is intrinsic and is based on a linear algebraic framework, allowing the use of many common linear algebra tools (e.g, SVD, PCA) for studying a matrix representation of the operator. Remarkably, the formulation allows us not only to localize shape differences on the shapes involved, but also to compare shape differences across pairs of shapes, and to analyze the variability in entire shape collections based on the differences between the shapes. Moreover, while we use a map or correspondence to define each shape difference, consistent correspondences between the shapes are not necessary for comparing shape differences, although they can be exploited if available. We give a number of applications of shape differences, including parameterizing the intrinsic variability in a shape collection, exploring shape collections using local variability at different scales, performing shape analogies, and aligning shape collections.	Map-based exploration of intrinsic shape differences and variability	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wojciech Matusik	NA	Session details: Image-based reconstruction	NA	2018
Changil Kim:Henning Zimmer:Yael Pritch:Alexander Sorkine-Hornung:Markus Gross	This paper describes a method for scene reconstruction of complex, detailed environments from 3D light fields. Densely sampled light fields in the order of 109 light rays allow us to capture the real world in unparalleled detail, but efficiently processing this amount of data to generate an equally detailed reconstruction represents a significant challenge to existing algorithms. We propose an algorithm that leverages coherence in massive light fields by breaking with a number of established practices in image-based reconstruction. Our algorithm first computes reliable depth estimates specifically around object boundaries instead of interior regions, by operating on individual light rays instead of image patches. More homogeneous interior regions are then processed in a fine-to-coarse procedure rather than the standard coarse-to-fine approaches. At no point in our method is any form of global optimization performed. This allows our algorithm to retain precise object contours while still ensuring smooth reconstructions in less detailed areas. While the core reconstruction method handles general unstructured input, we also introduce a sparse representation and a propagation scheme for reliable depth estimates which make our algorithm particularly effective for 3D input, enabling fast and memory efficient processing of "Gigaray light fields" on a standard GPU. We show dense 3D reconstructions of highly detailed scenes, enabling applications such as automatic segmentation and image-based rendering, and provide an extensive evaluation and comparison to existing image-based reconstruction techniques.	Scene reconstruction from high spatio-angular resolution light fields	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Derek Bradley:Derek Nowrouzezahrai:Paul Beardsley	Flora is an element in many computer-generated scenes. But trees, bushes and plants have complex geometry and appearance, and are difficult to model manually. One way to address this is to capture models directly from the real world. Existing techniques have focused on extracting macro structure such as the branching structure of trees, or the structure of broad-leaved plants with a relatively small number of surfaces. This paper presents a finer scale technique to demonstrate for the first time the processing of densely leaved foliage - computation of 3D structure, plus extraction of statistics for leaf shape and the configuration of neighboring leaves. Our method starts with a mesh of a single exemplar leaf of the target foliage. Using a small number of images, point cloud data is obtained from multi-view stereo, and the exemplar leaf mesh is fitted non-rigidly to the point cloud over several iterations. In addition, our method learns a statistical model of leaf shape and appearance during the reconstruction phase, and a model of the transformations between neighboring leaves. This information is useful in two ways - to augment and increase leaf density in reconstructions of captured foliage, and to synthesize new foliage that conforms to a user-specified layout and density. The result of our technique is a dense set of captured leaves with realistic appearance, and a method for leaf synthesis. Our approach excels at reconstructing plants and bushes that are primarily defined by dense leaves and is demonstrated with multiple examples.	Image-based reconstruction and synthesis of dense foliage	NA:NA:NA	2018
Menglei Chai:Lvdi Wang:Yanlin Weng:Xiaogang Jin:Kun Zhou	This paper presents a single-view hair modeling technique for generating visually and physically plausible 3D hair models with modest user interaction. By solving an unambiguous 3D vector field explicitly from the image and adopting an iterative hair generation algorithm, we can create hair models that not only visually match the original input very well but also possess physical plausibility (e.g., having strand roots fixed on the scalp and preserving the length and continuity of real strands in the image as much as possible). The latter property enables us to manipulate hair in many new ways that were previously very difficult with a single image, such as dynamic simulation or interactive hair shape editing. We further extend the modeling approach to handle simple video input, and generate dynamic 3D hair models. This allows users to manipulate hair in a video or transfer styles from images to videos.	Dynamic hair manipulation in images and videos	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Linjie Luo:Hao Li:Szymon Rusinkiewicz	Existing hair capture systems fail to produce strands that reflect the structures of real-world hairstyles. We introduce a system that reconstructs coherent and plausible wisps aware of the underlying hair structures from a set of still images without any special lighting. Our system first discovers locally coherent wisp structures in the reconstructed point cloud and the 3D orientation field, and then uses a novel graph data structure to reason about both the connectivity and directions of the local wisp structures in a global optimization. The wisps are then completed and used to synthesize hair strands which are robust against occlusion and missing data and plausible for animation and simulation. We show reconstruction results for a variety of complex hairstyles including curly, wispy, and messy hair.	Structure-aware hair capture	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eli Shechtman	NA	Session details: Video & warping	NA	2018
Zicheng Liao:Neel Joshi:Hugues Hoppe	Given a short video we create a representation that captures a spectrum of looping videos with varying levels of dynamism, ranging from a static image to a highly animated loop. In such a progressively dynamic video, scene liveliness can be adjusted interactively using a slider control. Applications include background images and slideshows, where the desired level of activity may depend on personal taste or mood. The representation also provides a segmentation of the scene into independently looping regions, enabling interactive local adjustment over dynamism. For a landscape scene, this control might correspond to selective animation and deanimation of grass motion, water ripples, and swaying trees. Converting arbitrary video to looping content is a challenging research problem. Unlike prior work, we explore an optimization in which each pixel automatically determines its own looping period. The resulting nested segmentation of static and dynamic scene regions forms an extremely compact representation.	Automated video looping with progressive dynamism	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuaicheng Liu:Lu Yuan:Ping Tan:Jian Sun	We present a novel video stabilization method which models camera motion with a bundle of (multiple) camera paths. The proposed model is based on a mesh-based, spatially-variant motion representation and an adaptive, space-time path optimization. Our motion representation allows us to fundamentally handle parallax and rolling shutter effects while it does not require long feature trajectories or sparse 3D reconstruction. We introduce the 'as-similar-as-possible' idea to make motion estimation more robust. Our space-time path smoothing adaptively adjusts smoothness strength by considering discontinuities, cropping size and geometrical distortion in a unified optimization framework. The evaluation on a large variety of consumer videos demonstrates the merits of our method.	Bundled camera paths for video stabilization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kaiming He:Huiwen Chang:Jian Sun	Stitched panoramic images mostly have irregular boundaries. Artists and common users generally prefer rectangular boundaries, which can be obtained through cropping or image completion techniques. In this paper, we present a content-aware warping algorithm that generates rectangular images from stitched panoramic images. Our algorithm consists of two steps. The first local step is mesh-free and preliminarily warps the image into a rectangle. With a grid mesh placed on this rectangle, the second global step optimizes the mesh to preserve shapes and straight lines. In various experiments we demonstrate that the results of our approach are often visually plausible, and the introduced distortion is often unnoticeable.	Rectangling panoramic images via warping	NA:NA:NA	2018
Neal Wadhwa:Michael Rubinstein:Frédo Durand:William T. Freeman	We introduce a technique to manipulate small movements in videos based on an analysis of motion in complex-valued image pyramids. Phase variations of the coefficients of a complex-valued steerable pyramid over time correspond to motion, and can be temporally processed and amplified to reveal imperceptible motions, or attenuated to remove distracting changes. This processing does not involve the computation of optical flow, and in comparison to the previous Eulerian Video Magnification method it supports larger amplification factors and is significantly less sensitive to noise. These improved capabilities broaden the set of applications for motion processing in videos. We demonstrate the advantages of this approach on synthetic and natural video sequences, and explore applications in scientific analysis, visualization and video enhancement.	Phase-based video motion processing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jehee Lee	NA	Session details: Design & authoring	NA	2018
Romain Prévost:Emily Whiting:Sylvain Lefebvre:Olga Sorkine-Hornung	Imbalance suggests a feeling of dynamism and movement in static objects. It is therefore not surprising that many 3D models stand in impossibly balanced configurations. As long as the models remain in a computer this is of no consequence: the laws of physics do not apply. However, fabrication through 3D printing breaks the illusion: printed models topple instead of standing as initially intended. We propose to assist users in producing novel, properly balanced designs by interactively deforming an existing model. We formulate balance optimization as an energy minimization, improving stability by modifying the volume of the object, while preserving its surface details. This takes place during interactive editing: the user cooperates with our optimizer towards the end result. We demonstrate our method on a variety of models. With our technique, users can produce fabricated objects that stand in one or more surprising poses without requiring glue or heavy pedestals.	Make it stand: balancing shapes for 3D fabrication	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mélina Skouras:Bernhard Thomaszewski:Stelian Coros:Bernd Bickel:Markus Gross	We present a method for fabrication-oriented design of actuated deformable characters that allows a user to automatically create physical replicas of digitally designed characters using rapid manufacturing technologies. Given a deformable character and a set of target poses as input, our method computes a small set of actuators along with their locations on the surface and optimizes the internal material distribution such that the resulting character exhibits the desired deformation behavior. We approach this problem with a dedicated algorithm that combines finite-element analysis, sparse regularization, and constrained optimization. We validate our pipeline on a set of two- and three-dimensional example characters and present results in simulation and physically-fabricated prototypes.	Computational design of actuated deformable characters	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stelian Coros:Bernhard Thomaszewski:Gioacchino Noris:Shinjiro Sueda:Moira Forberg:Robert W. Sumner:Wojciech Matusik:Bernd Bickel	We present an interactive design system that allows non-expert users to create animated mechanical characters. Given an articulated character as input, the user iteratively creates an animation by sketching motion curves indicating how different parts of the character should move. For each motion curve, our framework creates an optimized mechanism that reproduces it as closely as possible. The resulting mechanisms are attached to the character and then connected to each other using gear trains, which are created in a semi-automated fashion. The mechanical assemblies generated with our system can be driven with a single input driver, such as a hand-operated crank or an electric motor, and they can be fabricated using rapid prototyping devices. We demonstrate the versatility of our approach by designing a wide range of mechanical characters, several of which we manufactured using 3D printing. While our pipeline is designed for characters driven by planar mechanisms, significant parts of it extend directly to non-planar mechanisms, allowing us to create characters with compelling 3D motions.	Computational design of mechanical characters	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yili Zhao:Jernej Barbič	Physically based simulation can produce quality motion of plants, but requires an authoring stage to convert plant "polygon soup" triangle meshes to a format suitable for physically based simulation. We give a system that can author complex simulation-ready plants in a manner of minutes. Our system decomposes the plant geometry, establishes a hierarchy, builds and connects simulation meshes, and detects instances. It scales to anatomically realistic geometry of adult plants, is robust to non-manifold input geometry, gaps between branches or leaves, free-flying leaves not connected to any branch, spurious geometry, and plant self-collisions in the input configuration. We demonstrate the results using a FEM model reduction simulator that can compute large-deformation dynamics of complex plants at interactive rates, subject to user forces, gravity or randomized wind. We also provide plant fracture (with pre-specified patterns), inverse kinematics to easily pose plants, as well as interactive design of plant material properties. We authored and simulated over 100 plants from diverse climates and geographic regions, including broadleaf (deciduous) trees and conifers, bushes and flowers. Our largest simulations involve anatomically realistic adult trees with hundreds of branches and over 100,000 leaves.	Interactive authoring of simulation-ready plants	NA:NA	2018
Floraine Berthouzoz:Akash Garg:Danny M. Kaufman:Eitan Grinspun:Maneesh Agrawala	We present techniques for automatically parsing existing sewing patterns and converting them into 3D garment models. Our parser takes a sewing pattern in PDF format as input and starts by extracting the set of panels and styling elements (e.g. darts, pleats and hemlines) contained in the pattern. It then applies a combination of machine learning and integer programming to infer how the panels must be stitched together to form the garment. Our system includes an interactive garment simulator that takes the parsed result and generates the corresponding 3D model. Our fully automatic approach correctly parses 68% of the sewing patterns in our collection. Most of the remaining patterns contain only a few errors that can be quickly corrected within the garment simulator. Finally we present two applications that take advantage of our collection of parsed sewing patterns. Our garment hybrids application lets users smoothly interpolate multiple garments in the 2D space of patterns. Our sketch-based search application allows users to navigate the pattern collection by drawing the shape of panels.	Parsing sewing patterns into 3D garments	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jinxiang Chai	NA	Session details: Data-driven animation	NA	2018
Matt Stanton:Yu Sheng:Martin Wicke:Federico Perazzi:Amos Yuen:Srinivasa Narasimhan:Adrien Treuille	This paper extends Galerkin projection to a large class of non-polynomial functions typically encountered in graphics. We demonstrate the broad applicability of our approach by applying it to two strikingly different problems: fluid simulation and radiosity rendering, both using deforming meshes. Standard Galerkin projection cannot efficiently approximate these phenomena. Our approach, by contrast, enables the compact representation and approximation of these complex non-polynomial systems, including quotients and roots of polynomials. We rely on representing each function to be model-reduced as a composition of tensor products, matrix inversions, and matrix roots. Once a function has been represented in this form, it can be easily model-reduced, and its reduced form can be evaluated with time and memory costs dependent only on the dimension of the reduced space.	Non-polynomial Galerkin projection on deforming meshes	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Doyub Kim:Woojong Koh:Rahul Narain:Kayvon Fatahalian:Adrien Treuille:James F. O'Brien	The central argument against data-driven methods in computer graphics rests on the curse of dimensionality: it is intractable to precompute "everything" about a complex space. In this paper, we challenge that assumption by using several thousand CPU-hours to perform a massive exploration of the space of secondary clothing effects on a character animated through a large motion graph. Our system continually explores the phase space of cloth dynamics, incrementally constructing a secondary cloth motion graph that captures the dynamics of the system. We find that it is possible to sample the dynamical space to a low visual error tolerance and that secondary motion graphs containing tens of gigabytes of raw mesh data can be compressed down to only tens of megabytes. These results allow us to capture the effect of high-resolution, off-line cloth simulation for a rich space of character motion and deliver it efficiently as part of an interactive application.	Near-exhaustive precomputation of secondary cloth effects	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhili Chen:Renguo Feng:Huamin Wang	Real-world cloth exhibits complex behaviors when it contacts deformable bodies. In this paper, we study how to improve the simulation of cloth-body interactions from three perspectives: collision, friction, and air pressure. We propose an efficient and robust algorithm to detect the collisions between cloth and deformable bodies, using the surface traversal technique. We develop a friction measurement device and we use it to capture frictional data from real-world experiments. The derived friction model can realistically handle complex friction properties of cloth, including anisotropy and nonlinearity. To produce pressure effects caused by the air between cloth and deformable bodies, we define an air mass field on the cloth layer and we use real-world air permeability data to animate it over time. Our results demonstrate the efficiency and accuracy of our system in simulating objects with a three-layer structure (i.e., a cloth layer, an air layer, and an inner body layer), such as pillows, comforters, down jackets, and stuffed toys.	Modeling friction and air effects between cloth and deformable bodies	NA:NA:NA	2018
David Wilkie:Jason Sewall:Ming Lin	'Virtualized traffic' reconstructs and displays continuous traffic flows from discrete spatio-temporal traffic sensor data or procedurally generated control input to enhance a sense of immersion in a dynamic virtual environment. In this paper, we introduce a fast technique to reconstruct traffic flows from in-road sensor measurements or procedurally generated data for interactive 3D visual applications. Our algorithm estimates the full state of the traffic flow from sparse sensor measurements (or procedural input) using a statistical inference method and a continuum traffic model. This estimated state then drives an agent-based traffic simulator to produce a 3D animation of vehicle traffic that statistically matches the original traffic conditions. Unlike existing traffic simulation and animation techniques, our method produces a full 3D rendering of individual vehicles as part of continuous traffic flows given discrete spatio-temporal sensor measurements. Instead of using a color map to indicate traffic conditions, users could visualize and fly over the reconstructed traffic in real time over a large digital cityscape.	Flow reconstruction for data-driven traffic animation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chongyang Ma:Li-Yi Wei:Sylvain Lefebvre:Xin Tong	Many natural phenomena consist of geometric elements with dynamic motions characterized by small scale repetitions over large scale structures, such as particles, herds, threads, and sheets. Due to their ubiquity, controlling the appearance and behavior of such phenomena is important for a variety of graphics applications. However, such control is often challenging; the repetitive elements are often too numerous for manual edit, while their overall structures are often too versatile for fully automatic computation. We propose a method that facilitates easy and intuitive controls at both scales: high-level structures through spatial-temporal output constraints (e.g. overall shape and motion of the output domain), and low-level details through small input exemplars (e.g. element arrangements and movements). These controls are suitable for manual specification, while the corresponding geometric and dynamic repetitions are suitable for automatic computation. Our system takes such user controls as inputs, and generates as outputs the corresponding repetitions satisfying the controls. Our method, which we call dynamic element textures, aims to produce such controllable repetitions through a combination of constrained optimization (satisfying controls) and data driven computation (synthesizing details). We use spatial-temporal samples as the core representation for dynamic geometric elements. We propose analysis algorithms for decomposing small scale repetitions from large scale themes, as well as synthesis algorithms for generating outputs satisfying user controls. Our method is general, producing a range of artistic effects that previously required disparate and specialized techniques.	Dynamic element textures	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bedřich Beneš	NA	Session details: Building structures & layouts	NA	2018
Daniele Panozzo:Philippe Block:Olga Sorkine-Hornung	We present a complete design pipeline that allows non-expert users to design and analyze masonry structures without any structural knowledge. We optimize the force layouts both geometrically and topologically, finding a self-supported structure that is as close as possible to a given target surface. The generated structures are tessellated into hexagonal blocks with a pattern that prevents sliding failure. The models can be used in physically plausible virtual environments or 3D printed and assembled without reinforcements.	Designing unreinforced masonry models	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yang Liu:Hao Pan:John Snyder:Wenping Wang:Baining Guo	Masonry structures must be compressively self-supporting; designing such surfaces forms an important topic in architecture as well as a challenging problem in geometric modeling. Under certain conditions, a surjective mapping exists between a power diagram, defined by a set of 2D vertices and associated weights, and the reciprocal diagram that characterizes the force diagram of a discrete self-supporting network. This observation lets us define a new and convenient parameterization for the space of self-supporting networks. Based on it and the discrete geometry of this design space, we present novel geometry processing methods including surface smoothing and remeshing which significantly reduce the magnitude of force densities and homogenize their distribution.	Computing self-supporting surfaces by regular triangulation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fernando de Goes:Pierre Alliez:Houman Owhadi:Mathieu Desbrun	We present a novel approach for the analysis and design of self-supporting simplicial masonry structures. A finite-dimensional formulation of their compressive stress field is derived, offering a new interpretation of thrust networks through numerical homogenization theory. We further leverage geometric properties of the resulting force diagram to identify a set of reduced coordinates characterizing the equilibrium of simplicial masonry. We finally derive computational form-finding tools that improve over previous work in efficiency, accuracy, and scalability.	On the equilibrium of simplicial masonry structures	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Peng Song:Chi-Wing Fu:Prashant Goswami:Jianmin Zheng:Niloy J. Mitra:Daniel Cohen-Or	A reciprocal frame (RF) is a self-supported three-dimensional structure made up of three or more sloping rods, which form a closed circuit, namely an RF-unit. Large RF-structures built as complex grillages of one or a few similar RF-units have an intrinsic beauty derived from their inherent self-similar and highly symmetric patterns. Designing RF-structures that span over large domains is an intricate and complex task. In this paper, we present an interactive computational tool for designing RF-structures over a 3D guiding surface, focusing on the aesthetic aspect of the design. There are three key contributions in this work. First, we draw an analogy between RF-structures and plane tiling with regular polygons, and develop a computational scheme to generate coherent RF-tessellations from simple grammar rules. Second, we employ a conformal mapping to lift the 2D tessellation over a 3D guiding surface, allowing a real-time preview and efficient exploration of wide ranges of RF design parameters. Third, we devise an optimization method to guarantee the collinearity of contact joints along each rod, while preserving the geometric properties of the RF-structure. Our tool not only supports the design of wide variety of RF pattern classes and their variations, but also allows preview and refinement through interactive controls.	Reciprocal frame structures made easy	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Steve Marschner	NA	Session details: Global illumination	NA	2018
Jaakko Lehtinen:Tero Karras:Samuli Laine:Miika Aittala:Frédo Durand:Timo Aila	We introduce a novel Metropolis rendering algorithm that directly computes image gradients, and reconstructs the final image from the gradients by solving a Poisson equation. The reconstruction is aided by a low-fidelity approximation of the image computed during gradient sampling. As an extension of path-space Metropolis light transport, our algorithm is well suited for difficult transport scenarios. We demonstrate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art in several well-known test scenes. Additionally, we analyze the spectral properties of gradient-domain sampling, and compare it to the traditional image-domain sampling.	Gradient-domain metropolis light transport	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Soham Uday Mehta:Brandon Wang:Ravi Ramamoorthi:Fredo Durand	We introduce an algorithm for interactive rendering of physically-based global illumination, based on a novel frequency analysis of indirect lighting. Our method combines adaptive sampling by Monte Carlo ray or path tracing, using a standard GPU-accelerated raytracer, with real-time reconstruction of the resulting noisy images. Our theoretical analysis assumes diffuse indirect lighting, with general Lambertian and specular receivers. In practice, we demonstrate accurate interactive global illumination with diffuse and moderately glossy objects, at 1-3 fps. We show mathematically that indirect illumination is a structured signal in the Fourier domain, with inherent band-limiting due to the BRDF and geometry terms. We extend previous work on sheared and axis-aligned filtering for motion blur and shadows, to develop an image-space filtering method for interreflections. Our method enables 5--8X reduced sampling rates and wall clock times, and converges to ground truth as more samples are added. To develop our theory, we overcome important technical challenges---unlike previous work, there is no light source to serve as a band-limit in indirect lighting, and we also consider non-parallel geometry of receiver and reflecting surfaces, without first-order approximations.	Axis-aligned filtering for interactive physically-based diffuse indirect lighting	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Denis Zorin	NA	Session details: Quads & meshing	NA	2018
Kenshi Takayama:Daniele Panozzo:Alexander Sorkine-Hornung:Olga Sorkine-Hornung	Coarse quad meshes are the preferred representation for animating characters in movies and video games. In these scenarios, artists want explicit control over the edge flows and the singularities of the quad mesh. Despite the significant advances in recent years, existing automatic quad remeshing algorithms are not yet able to achieve the quality of manually created remeshings. We present an interactive system for manual quad remeshing that provides the user with a high degree of control while avoiding the tediousness involved in existing manual tools. With our sketch-based interface the user constructs a quad mesh by defining patches consisting of individual quads. The desired edge flow is intuitively specified by the sketched patch boundaries, and the mesh topology can be adjusted by varying the number of edge subdivisions at patch boundaries. Our system automatically inserts singularities inside patches if necessary, while providing the user with direct control of their topological and geometrical locations. We developed a set of novel user interfaces that assist the user in constructing a curve network representing such patch boundaries. The effectiveness of our system is demonstrated through a user evaluation with professional artists. Our system is also useful for editing automatically generated quad meshes.	Sketch-based generation and editing of quad meshes	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Bommes:Marcel Campen:Hans-Christian Ebke:Pierre Alliez:Leif Kobbelt	Quadrilateral remeshing approaches based on global parametrization enable many desirable mesh properties. Two of the most important ones are (1) high regularity due to explicit control over irregular vertices and (2) smooth distribution of distortion achieved by convex variational formulations. Apart from these strengths, state-of-the-art techniques suffer from limited reliability on real-world input data, i.e. the determined map might have degeneracies like (local) non-injectivities and consequently often cannot be used directly to generate a quadrilateral mesh. In this paper we propose a novel convex Mixed-Integer Quadratic Programming (MIQP) formulation which ensures by construction that the resulting map is within the class of so called Integer-Grid Maps that are guaranteed to imply a quad mesh. In order to overcome the NP-hardness of MIQP and to be able to remesh typical input geometries in acceptable time we propose two additional problem specific optimizations: a complexity reduction algorithm and singularity separating conditions. While the former decouples the dimension of the MIQP search space from the input complexity of the triangle mesh and thus is able to dramatically speed up the computation without inducing inaccuracies, the latter improves the continuous relaxation, which is crucial for the success of modern MIQP optimizers. Our experiments show that the reliability of the resulting algorithm does not only annihilate the main drawback of parametrization based quad-remeshing but moreover enables the global search for high-quality coarse quad layouts - a difficult task solely tackled by greedy methodologies before.	Integer-grid maps for reliable quad meshing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zichun Zhong:Xiaohu Guo:Wenping Wang:Bruno Lévy:Feng Sun:Yang Liu:Weihua Mao	This paper introduces a particle-based approach for anisotropic surface meshing. Given an input polygonal mesh endowed with a Riemannian metric and a specified number of vertices, the method generates a metric-adapted mesh. The main idea consists of mapping the anisotropic space into a higher dimensional isotropic one, called "embedding space". The vertices of the mesh are generated by uniformly sampling the surface in this higher dimensional embedding space, and the sampling is further regularized by optimizing an energy function with a quasi-Newton algorithm. All the computations can be re-expressed in terms of the dot product in the embedding space, and the Jacobian matrices of the mappings that connect different spaces. This transform makes it unnecessary to explicitly represent the coordinates in the embedding space, and also provides all necessary expressions of energy and forces for efficient computations. Through energy optimization, it naturally leads to the desired anisotropic particle distributions in the original space. The triangles are then generated by computing the Restricted Anisotropic Voronoi Diagram and its dual Delaunay triangulation. We compare our results qualitatively and quantitatively with the state-of-the-art in anisotropic surface meshing on several examples, using the standard measurement criteria.	Particle-based anisotropic surface meshing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Holly Rushmeier	NA	Session details: Advanced rendering	NA	2018
Rasmus Barringer:Tomas Akenine-Möller	Edge aliasing continues to be one of the most prominent problems in real-time graphics, e.g., in games. We present a novel algorithm that uses shared memory between the GPU and the CPU so that these two units can work in concert to solve the edge aliasing problem rapidly. Our system renders the scene as usual on the GPU with one sample per pixel. At the same time, our novel edge aliasing algorithm is executed asynchronously on the CPU. First, a sparse set of important pixels is created. This set may include pixels with geometric silhouette edges, discontinuities in the frame buffer, and pixels/polygons under user-guided artistic control. After that, the CPU runs our sparse rasterizer and fragment shader, which is parallel and SIMD:ified, and directly accesses shared resources (e.g., render targets created by the GPU). Our system can render a scene with shadow mapping with adaptive anti-aliasing with 16 samples per important pixel faster than the GPU with 8 samples per pixel using multi-sampling anti-aliasing. Since our system consists of an extensive code base, it will be released to the public for exploration and usage.	A4: asynchronous adaptive anti-aliasing using shared memory	NA:NA	2018
Viktor Kämpe:Erik Sintorn:Ulf Assarsson	We show that a binary voxel grid can be represented orders of magnitude more efficiently than using a sparse voxel octree (SVO) by generalising the tree to a directed acyclic graph (DAG). While the SVO allows for efficient encoding of empty regions of space, the DAG additionally allows for efficient encoding of identical regions of space, as nodes are allowed to share pointers to identical subtrees. We present an efficient bottom-up algorithm that reduces an SVO to a minimal DAG, which can be applied even in cases where the complete SVO would not fit in memory. In all tested scenes, even the highly irregular ones, the number of nodes is reduced by one to three orders of magnitude. While the DAG requires more pointers per node, the memory cost for these is quickly amortized and the memory consumption of the DAG is considerably smaller, even when compared to an ideal SVO without pointers. Meanwhile, our sparse voxel DAG requires no decompression and can be traversed very efficiently. We demonstrate this by ray tracing hard and soft shadows, ambient occlusion, and primary rays in extremely high resolution DAGs at speeds that are on par with, or even faster than, state-of-the-art voxel and triangle GPU ray tracing.	High resolution sparse voxel DAGs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Robert Bridson	NA	Session details: Water & snow with particles	NA	2018
Alexey Stomakhin:Craig Schroeder:Lawrence Chai:Joseph Teran:Andrew Selle	Snow is a challenging natural phenomenon to visually simulate. While the graphics community has previously considered accumulation and rendering of snow, animation of snow dynamics has not been fully addressed. Additionally, existing techniques for solids and fluids have difficulty producing convincing snow results. Specifically, wet or dense snow that has both solid- and fluid-like properties is difficult to handle. Consequently, this paper presents a novel snow simulation method utilizing a user-controllable elasto-plastic constitutive model integrated with a hybrid Eulerian/Lagrangian Material Point Method. The method is continuum based and its hybrid nature allows us to use a regular Cartesian grid to automate treatment of self-collision and fracture. It also naturally allows us to derive a grid-based semi-implicit integration scheme that has conditioning independent of the number of Lagrangian particles. We demonstrate the power of our method with a variety of snow phenomena including complex character interactions.	A material point method for snow simulation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ryoichi Ando:Nils Thürey:Chris Wojtan	We introduce a new method for efficiently simulating liquid with extreme amounts of spatial adaptivity. Our method combines several key components to drastically speed up the simulation of large-scale fluid phenomena: We leverage an alternative Eulerian tetrahedral mesh discretization to significantly reduce the complexity of the pressure solve while increasing the robustness with respect to element quality and removing the possibility of locking. Next, we enable subtle free-surface phenomena by deriving novel second-order boundary conditions consistent with our discretization. We couple this discretization with a spatially adaptive Fluid-Implicit Particle (FLIP) method, enabling efficient, robust, minimally-dissipative simulations that can undergo sharp changes in spatial resolution while minimizing artifacts. Along the way, we provide a new method for generating a smooth and detailed surface from a set of particles with variable sizes. Finally, we explore several new sizing functions for determining spatially adaptive simulation resolutions, and we show how to couple them to our simulator. We combine each of these elements to produce a simulation algorithm that is capable of creating animations at high maximum resolutions while avoiding common pitfalls like inaccurate boundary conditions and inefficient computation.	Highly adaptive liquid simulations on tetrahedral meshes	NA:NA:NA	2018
Miles Macklin:Matthias Müller	In fluid simulation, enforcing incompressibility is crucial for realism; it is also computationally expensive. Recent work has improved efficiency, but still requires time-steps that are impractical for real-time applications. In this work we present an iterative density solver integrated into the Position Based Dynamics framework (PBD). By formulating and solving a set of positional constraints that enforce constant density, our method allows similar incompressibility and convergence to modern smoothed particle hydro-dynamic (SPH) solvers, but inherits the stability of the geometric, position based dynamics method, allowing large time steps suitable for real-time applications. We incorporate an artificial pressure term that improves particle distribution, creates surface tension, and lowers the neighborhood requirements of traditional SPH. Finally, we address the issue of energy loss by applying vorticity confinement as a velocity post process.	Position based fluids	NA:NA	2018
Ilya Baran	NA	Session details: Deformation & distortion	NA	2018
Ashish Myles:Denis Zorin	The quality of a global parametrization is determined by a number of factors, including amount of distortion, number of singularities (cones), and alignment with features and boundaries. Placement of cones plays a decisive role in determining the overall distortion of the parametrization; at the same time, feature and boundary alignment also affect the cone placement. A number of methods were proposed for automatic choice of cone positions, either based on singularities of cross-fields and emphasizing alignment, or based on distortion optimization. In this paper we describe a method for placing cones for seamless global parametrizations with alignment constraints. We use a close relation between variation-minimizing cross-fields and related 1-forms and conformal maps, and demonstrate how it leads to a constrained optimization problem formulation. We show for boundary-aligned parametrizations metric distortion may be reduced by cone chains, sometimes to an arbitrarily small value, and the trade-off between the distortion and the number of cones can be controlled by a regularization term. Constrained parametrizations computed using our method have significantly lower distortion compared to the state-of-the art field-based method, yet maintain feature and boundary alignment. In the most extreme cases, parametrization collapse due to alignment constraints is eliminated.	Controlled-distortion constrained global parametrization	NA:NA	2018
Noam Aigerman:Yaron Lipman	We introduce an efficient algorithm for producing provably injective mappings of tetrahedral meshes with strict bounds on their tetrahedra aspect-ratio distortion. The algorithm takes as input a simplicial map (e.g., produced by some common deformation or volumetric parameterization technique) and projects it on the space of injective and bounded-distortion simplicial maps. Namely, finds a similar map that is both bijective and bounded-distortion. As far as we are aware, this is the first algorithm to produce injective or bounded-distortion simplicial maps of tetrahedral meshes. The construction of the algorithm was made possible due to a novel closed-form solution to the problem of finding the closest orientation-preserving bounded-distortion matrix to an arbitrary matrix in three (and higher) dimensions. The algorithm is shown to have quadratic convergence, usually not requiring more than a handful of iterations to converge. Furthermore, it is readily generalized to simplicial maps of any dimension, including mixed dimensions. Finally, it can deal with different distortion spaces, such as bounded isometric distortion. During experiments we found the algorithm useful for producing bijective and bounded-distortion volume parameterizations and deformations of tetrahedral meshes, and improving tetrahedral meshes, increasing the tetrahedra quality produced by state-of-the-art techniques.	Injective and bounded distortion mappings in 3D	NA:NA	2018
David Harmon:Denis Zorin	Subspace techniques greatly reduce the cost of nonlinear simulation by approximating deformations with a small custom basis. In order to represent the deformations well (in terms of a global metric), the basis functions usually have global support, and cannot capture localized deformations. While reduced-space basis functions can be localized to some extent, capturing truly local deformations would still require a very large number of precomputed basis functions, significantly degrading both precomputation and online performance. We present an efficient approach to handling local deformations that cannot be predicted, most commonly arising from contact and collisions, by augmenting the subspace basis with custom functions derived from analytic solutions to static loading problems. We also present a new cubature scheme designed to facilitate fast computation of the necessary runtime quantities while undergoing a changing basis. Our examples yield a two order of magnitude speedup over full-coordinate simulations, striking a desirable balance between runtime speeds and expressive ability.	Subspace integration with local deformations	NA:NA	2018
Renjie Chen:Ofir Weber:Daniel Keren:Mirela Ben-Chen	Planar shape interpolation is widely used in computer graphics applications. Despite a wealth of interpolation methods, there is currently no approach that produces shapes with a bounded amount of distortion with respect to the input. As a result, existing interpolation methods may produce shapes that are significantly different than the input and can suffer from fold-overs and other visual artifacts, making them less useful in many practical scenarios. We introduce a novel shape interpolation scheme designed specifically to produce results with a bounded amount of conformal (angular) distortion. Our method is based on an elegant continuous mathematical formulation and provides several appealing properties such as existence and uniqueness of the solution as well as smoothness in space and time domains. We further present a discretization and an efficient practical algorithm to compute the interpolant and demonstrate its usability and good convergence behavior on a wide variety of input shapes. The method is simple to implement and understand. We compare our method to state-of-the-art interpolation methods and demonstrate its superiority in various cases.	Planar shape interpolation with bounded distortion	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Szymon Rusinkiewicz	NA	Session details: Materials	NA	2018
Borom Tunwattanapong:Graham Fyffe:Paul Graham:Jay Busch:Xueming Yu:Abhijeet Ghosh:Paul Debevec	We present a novel technique for acquiring the geometry and spatially-varying reflectance properties of 3D objects by observing them under continuous spherical harmonic illumination conditions. The technique is general enough to characterize either entirely specular or entirely diffuse materials, or any varying combination across the surface of the object. We employ a novel computational illumination setup consisting of a rotating arc of controllable LEDs which sweep out programmable spheres of incident illumination during 1-second exposures. We illuminate the object with a succession of spherical harmonic illumination conditions, as well as photographed environmental lighting for validation. From the response of the object to the harmonics, we can separate diffuse and specular reflections, estimate world-space diffuse and specular normals, and compute anisotropic roughness parameters for each view of the object. We then use the maps of both diffuse and specular reflectance to form correspondences in a multiview stereo algorithm, which allows even highly specular surfaces to be corresponded across views. The algorithm yields a complete 3D model and a set of merged reflectance maps. We use this technique to digitize the shape and reflectance of a variety of objects difficult to acquire with other techniques and present validation renderings which match well to photographs in similar lighting.	Acquiring reflectance and shape from continuous spherical harmonic illumination	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Miika Aittala:Tim Weyrich:Jaakko Lehtinen	Spatially-varying reflectance and small geometric variations play a vital role in the appearance of real-world surfaces. Consequently, robust, automatic capture of such models is highly desirable; however, current systems require either specialized hardware, long capture times, user intervention, or rely heavily on heuristics. We describe an acquisition setup that utilizes only portable commodity hardware (an LCD display, an SLR camera) and contains no moving parts. In particular, a laptop screen can be used for illumination. Our setup, aided by a carefully constructed image formation model, automatically produces realistic spatially-varying reflectance parameters over a wide range of materials from diffuse to almost mirror-like specular surfaces, while requiring relatively few photographs. We believe our system is the first to offer such generality, while requiring only standard office equipment and no user intervention or parameter tuning. Our results exhibit a good qualitative match to photographs taken under novel viewing and lighting conditions for a range of materials.	Practical SVBRDF capture in the frequency domain	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sean Bell:Paul Upchurch:Noah Snavely:Kavita Bala	The appearance of surfaces in real-world scenes is determined by the materials, textures, and context in which the surfaces appear. However, the datasets we have for visualizing and modeling rich surface appearance in context, in applications such as home remodeling, are quite limited. To help address this need, we present OpenSurfaces, a rich, labeled database consisting of thousands of examples of surfaces segmented from consumer photographs of interiors, and annotated with material parameters (reflectance, material names), texture information (surface normals, rectified textures), and contextual information (scene category, and object names). Retrieving usable surface information from uncalibrated Internet photo collections is challenging. We use human annotations and present a new methodology for segmenting and annotating materials in Internet photo collections suitable for crowdsourcing (e.g., through Amazon's Mechanical Turk). Because of the noise and variability inherent in Internet photos and novice annotators, designing this annotation engine was a key challenge; we present a multi-stage set of annotation tasks with quality checks and validation. We demonstrate the use of this database in proof-of-concept applications including surface retexturing and material and image browsing, and discuss future uses. OpenSurfaces is a public resource available at http://opensurfaces.cs.cornell.edu/.	OpenSurfaces: a richly annotated catalog of surface appearance	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Richard Zhang	NA	Session details: Surface reconstruction	NA	2018
Qian-Yi Zhou:Vladlen Koltun	We present an approach to detailed reconstruction of complex real-world scenes with a handheld commodity range sensor. The user moves the sensor freely through the environment and images the scene. An offline registration and integration pipeline produces a detailed scene model. To deal with the complex sensor trajectories required to produce detailed reconstructions with a consumer-grade sensor, our pipeline detects points of interest in the scene and preserves detailed geometry around them while a global optimization distributes residual registration errors through the environment. Our results demonstrate that detailed reconstructions of complex scenes can be obtained with a consumer-grade camera.	Dense scene reconstruction with points of interest	NA:NA	2018
Jiawen Chen:Dennis Bautembach:Shahram Izadi	We address the fundamental challenge of scalability for real-time volumetric surface reconstruction methods. We design a memory efficient, hierarchical data structure for commodity graphics hardware, which supports live reconstruction of large-scale scenes with fine geometric details. Our sparse data structure fuses overlapping depth maps from a moving depth camera into a single volumetric representation, from which detailed surface models are extracted. Our hierarchy losslessly streams data bidirectionally between GPU and host, allowing for unbounded reconstructions. Our pipeline, comprised of depth map post-processing, camera pose estimation, volumetric fusion, surface extraction, and streaming, runs entirely in real-time. We experimentally demonstrate that a shallow hierarchy with relatively large branching factors yields the best memory/speed tradeoff, consuming an order of magnitude less memory than a regular grid. We compare an implementation of our data structure to existing methods and demonstrate higher-quality reconstructions on a variety of large-scale scenes, all captured in real-time.	Scalable real-time volumetric surface reconstruction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Paul Kry	NA	Session details: Sounds & solids	NA	2018
Sai-Keung Wong:Wen-Chieh Lin:Chun-Hung Hung:Yi-Jheng Huang:Shing-Yeu Lii	We present a novel radial-view-based culling method for continuous self-collision detection (CSCD) of skeletal models. Our method targets closed triangular meshes used to represent the surface of a model. It can be easily integrated with bounding volume hierarchies (BVHs) and used as the first stage for culling non-colliding triangle pairs. A mesh is decomposed into clusters with respect to a set of observer primitives (i.e., observer points and line segments) on the skeleton of the mesh so that each cluster is associated with an observer primitive. One BVH is then built for each cluster. At the runtime stage, a radial view test is performed from the observer primitive of each cluster to check its collision state. Every pair of clusters is also checked for collisions. We evaluated our method on various models and compared its performance with prior methods. Experimental results show that our method reduces the number of the bounding volume overlapping tests and the number of potentially colliding triangle pairs, thereby improving the overall process of CSCD.	Radial view based culling for continuous self-collision detection of skeletal models	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Matthias Müller:Nuttapong Chentanez:Tae-Yong Kim	We propose a new fast, robust and controllable method to simulate the dynamic destruction of large and complex objects in real time. The common method for fracture simulation in computer games is to pre-fracture models and replace objects by their pre-computed parts at run-time. This popular method is computationally cheap but has the disadvantages that the fracture pattern does not align with the impact location and that the number of hierarchical fracture levels is fixed. Our method allows dynamic fracturing of large objects into an unlimited number of pieces fast enough to be used in computer games. We represent visual meshes by volumetric approximate convex decompositions (VACD) and apply user-defined fracture patterns dependent on the impact location. The method supports partial fracturing meaning that fracture patterns can be applied locally at multiple locations of an object. We propose new methods for computing a VACD, for approximate convex hull construction and for detecting islands in the convex decomposition after partial destruction in order to determine support structures.	Real time dynamic fracture with volumetric approximate convex decompositions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wilmot Li	NA	Session details: Artistic rendering & stylization	NA	2018
Michal Lukáč:Jakub Fišer:Jean-Charles Bazin:Ondřej Jamriška:Alexander Sorkine-Hornung:Daniel Sýkora	In this paper we propose a reinterpretation of the brush and the fill tools for digital image painting. The core idea is to provide an intuitive approach that allows users to paint in the visual style of arbitrary example images. Rather than a static library of colors, brushes, or fill patterns, we offer users entire images as their palette, from which they can select arbitrary contours or textures as their brush or fill tool in their own creations. Compared to previous example-based techniques related to the painting-by-numbers paradigm we propose a new strategy where users can generate salient texture boundaries by our randomized graph-traversal algorithm and apply a content-aware fill to transfer textures into the delimited regions. This workflow allows users of our system to intuitively create visually appealing images that better preserve the visual richness and fluidity of arbitrary example images. We demonstrate the potential of our approach in various applications including interactive image creation, editing and vector image stylization.	Painting by feature: texture boundaries for example-based image creation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jingwan Lu:Connelly Barnes:Stephen DiVerdi:Adam Finkelstein	Conventional digital painting systems rely on procedural rules and physical simulation to render paint strokes. We present an interactive, data-driven painting system that uses scanned images of real natural media to synthesize both new strokes and complex stroke interactions, obviating the need for physical simulation. First, users capture images of real media, including examples of isolated strokes, pairs of overlapping strokes, and smudged strokes. Online, the user inputs a new stroke path, and our system synthesizes its 2D texture appearance with optional smearing or smudging when strokes overlap. We demonstrate high-fidelity paintings that closely resemble the captured media style, and also quantitatively evaluate our synthesis quality via user studies.	RealBrush: painting with examples of physical media	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jorge Lopez-Moreno:Stefan Popov:Adrien Bousseau:Maneesh Agrawala:George Drettakis	Vector graphics represent images with compact, editable and scalable primitives. Skillful vector artists employ these primitives to produce vivid depictions of material appearance and lighting. However, such stylized imagery often requires building complex multi-layered combinations of colored fills and gradient meshes. We facilitate this task by introducing vector shade trees that bring to vector graphics the flexibility of modular shading representations as known in the 3D rendering community. In contrast to traditional shade trees that combine pixel and vertex shaders, our shade nodes encapsulate the creation and blending of vector primitives that vector artists routinely use. We propose a set of basic shade nodes that we design to respect the traditional guidelines on material depiction described in drawing books and tutorials. We integrate our representation as an Adobe Illustrator plug-in that allows even inexperienced users to take a line drawing, apply a few clicks and obtain a fully colored illustration. More experienced artists can easily refine the illustration, adding more details and visual features, while using all the vector drawing tools they are already familiar with. We demonstrate the power of our representation by quickly generating illustrations of complex objects and materials.	Depicting stylized materials with vector shade trees	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pierre Bénard:Forrester Cole:Michael Kass:Igor Mordatch:James Hegarty:Martin Sebastian Senn:Kurt Fleischer:Davide Pesare:Katherine Breeden	Skilled artists, using traditional media or modern computer painting tools, can create a variety of expressive styles that are very appealing in still images, but have been unsuitable for animation. The key difficulty is that existing techniques lack adequate temporal coherence to animate these styles effectively. Here we augment the range of practical animation styles by extending the guided texture synthesis method of Image Analogies [Hertzmann et al. 2001] to create temporally coherent animation sequences. To make the method art directable, we allow artists to paint portions of keyframes that are used as constraints. The in-betweens calculated by our method maintain stylistic continuity and yet change no more than necessary over time.	Stylizing animation by example	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tobias Günther:Christian Rössl:Holger Theisel	For the visualization of dense line fields, the careful selection of lines to be rendered is a vital aspect. In this paper, we present a global line selection approach that is based on an optimization process. Starting with an initial set of lines that covers the domain, all lines are rendered with a varying opacity, which is subject to the minimization of a bounded-variable least-squares problem. The optimization strives to keep a balance between information presentation and occlusion avoidance. This way, we obtain view-dependent opacities of the line segments, allowing a real-time free navigation while minimizing the danger of missing important structures in the visualization. We compare our technique with existing local and greedy approaches and apply it to data sets in flow visualization, medical imaging, physics, and computer graphics.	Opacity optimization for 3D line fields	NA:NA:NA	2018
Li-Yi Wei	NA	Session details: Structures, faces & building	NA	2018
Hao Zhang:Kai Xu:Wei Jiang:Jinjie Lin:Daniel Cohen-Or:Baoquan Chen	We present an algorithm for hierarchical and layered analysis of irregular facades, seeking a high-level understanding of facade structures. By introducing layering into the analysis, we no longer view a facade as a flat structure, but allow it to be structurally separated into depth layers, enabling more compact and natural interpretations of building facades. Computationally, we perform a symmetry-driven search for an optimal hierarchical decomposition defined by split and layering operations applied to an input facade. The objective is symmetry maximization, i.e., to maximize the sum of symmetry of the substructures resulting from recursive decomposition. To this end, we propose a novel integral symmetry measure, which behaves well at both ends of the symmetry spectrum by accounting for all partial symmetries in a discrete structure. Our analysis results in a structural representation, which can be utilized for structural editing and exploration of building facades.	Layered analysis of irregular facades via symmetry maximization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fan Bao:Dong-Ming Yan:Niloy J. Mitra:Peter Wonka	Good building layouts are required to conform to regulatory guidelines, while meeting certain quality measures. While different methods can sample the space of such good layouts, there exists little support for a user to understand and systematically explore the samples. Starting from a discrete set of good layouts, we analytically characterize the local shape space of good layouts around each initial layout, compactly encode these spaces, and link them to support transitions across the different local spaces. We represent such transitions in the form of a portal graph. The user can then use the portal graph, along with the family of local shape spaces, to globally and locally explore the space of good building layouts. We use our framework on a variety of different test scenarios to showcase an intuitive design, navigation, and exploration interface.	Generating and exploring good building layouts	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kun Xu:Kang Chen:Hongbo Fu:Wei-Lun Sun:Shi-Min Hu	This work presents Sketch2Scene, a framework that automatically turns a freehand sketch drawing inferring multiple scene objects to semantically valid, well arranged scenes of 3D models. Unlike the existing works on sketch-based search and composition of 3D models, which typically process individual sketched objects one by one, our technique performs co-retrieval and co-placement of 3D relevant models by jointly processing the sketched objects. This is enabled by summarizing functional and spatial relationships among models in a large collection of 3D scenes as structural groups. Our technique greatly reduces the amount of user intervention needed for sketch-based modeling of 3D scenes and fits well into the traditional production pipeline involving concept design followed by 3D modeling. A pilot study indicates that it is promising to use our technique as an alternative but more efficient tool of standard 3D modeling for 3D scene construction.	Sketch2Scene: sketch-based co-retrieval and co-placement of 3D models	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Joseph Teran	NA	Session details: Skinning & deformation	NA	2018
Binh Huy Le:Zhigang Deng	Weighted linear interpolation has been widely used in many skinning techniques including linear blend skinning, dual quaternion blend skinning, and cage based deformation. To speed up performance, these skinning models typically employ a sparseness constraint, in which each 3D model vertex has a small fixed number of non-zero weights. However, the sparseness constraint also imposes certain limitations to skinning models and their various applications. This paper introduces an efficient two-layer sparse compression technique to substantially reduce the computational cost of a dense-weight skinning model, with insignificant loss of its visual quality. It can directly work on dense skinning weights or use example-based skinning decomposition to further improve its accuracy. Experiments and comparisons demonstrate that the introduced sparse compression model can significantly outperform state of the art weight reduction algorithms, as well as skinning decomposition algorithms with a sparseness constraint.	Two-layer sparse compression of dense-weight blend skinning	NA:NA	2018
Rodolphe Vaillant:Loïc Barthe:Gaël Guennebaud:Marie-Paule Cani:Damien Rohmer:Brian Wyvill:Olivier Gourmel:Mathias Paulin	Geometric skinning techniques, such as smooth blending or dual-quaternions, are very popular in the industry for their high performances, but fail to mimic realistic deformations. Other methods make use of physical simulation or control volume to better capture the skin behavior, yet they cannot deliver real-time feedback. In this paper, we present the first purely geometric method handling skin contact effects and muscular bulges in real-time. The insight is to exploit the advanced composition mechanism of volumetric, implicit representations for correcting the results of geometric skinning techniques. The mesh is first approximated by a set of implicit surfaces. At each animation step, these surfaces are combined in real-time and used to adjust the position of mesh vertices, starting from their smooth skinning position. This deformation step is done without any loss of detail and seamlessly handles contacts between skin parts. As it acts as a post-process, our method fits well into the standard animation pipeline. Moreover, it requires no intensive computation step such as collision detection, and therefore provides real-time performances.	Implicit skinning: real-time skin deformation with contact modeling	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xian-Ying Li:Tao Ju:Shi-Min Hu	We present a new method for interpolating both boundary values and gradients over a 2D polygonal domain. Despite various previous efforts, it remains challenging to define a closed-form interpolant that produces natural-looking functions while allowing flexible control of boundary constraints. Our method builds on an existing transfinite interpolant over a continuous domain, which in turn extends the classical mean value interpolant. We re-derive the interpolant from the mean value property of biharmonic functions, and prove that the interpolant indeed matches the gradient constraints when the boundary is piece-wise linear. We then give closed-form formula (as generalized barycentric coordinates) for boundary constraints represented as polynomials up to degree 3 (for values) and 1 (for normal derivatives) over each polygon edge. We demonstrate the flexibility and efficiency of our coordinates in two novel applications, smooth image deformation using curved cage networks and adaptive simplification of gradient meshes.	Cubic mean value coordinates	NA:NA:NA	2018
Philip Dutré	NA	Session details: Sampling	NA	2018
Xin Sun:Kun Zhou:Jie Guo:Guofu Xie:Jingui Pan:Wencheng Wang:Baining Guo	Line segment sampling has recently been adopted in many rendering algorithms for better handling of a wide range of effects such as motion blur, defocus blur and scattering media. A question naturally raised is how to generate line segment samples with good properties that can effectively reduce variance and aliasing artifacts observed in the rendering results. This paper studies this problem and presents a frequency analysis of line segment sampling. The analysis shows that the frequency content of a line segment sample is equivalent to the weighted frequency content of a point sample. The weight introduces anisotropy that smoothly changes among point samples, line segment samples and line samples according to the lengths of the samples. Line segment sampling thus makes it possible to achieve a balance between noise (point sampling) and aliasing (line sampling) under the same sampling rate. Based on the analysis, we propose a line segment sampling scheme to preserve blue-noise properties of samples which can significantly reduce noise and aliasing artifacts in reconstruction results. We demonstrate that our sampling scheme improves the quality of depth-of-field rendering, motion blur rendering, and temporal light field reconstruction.	Line segment sampling with blue-noise properties	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kartic Subr:Jan Kautz	Each pixel in a photorealistic, computer generated picture is calculated by approximately integrating all the light arriving at the pixel, from the virtual scene. A common strategy to calculate these high-dimensional integrals is to average the estimates at stochastically sampled locations. The strategy with which the sampled locations are chosen is of utmost importance in deciding the quality of the approximation, and hence rendered image. We derive connections between the spectral properties of stochastic sampling patterns and the first and second order statistics of estimates of integration using the samples. Our equations provide insight into the assessment of stochastic sampling strategies for integration. We show that the amplitude of the expected Fourier spectrum of sampling patterns is a useful indicator of the bias when used in numerical integration. We deduce that estimator variance is directly dependent on the variance of the sampling spectrum over multiple realizations of the sampling pattern. We then analyse Gaussian jittered sampling, a simple variant of jittered sampling, that allows a smooth trade-off of bias for variance in uniform (regular grid) sampling. We verify our predictions using spectral measurement, quantitative integration experiments and qualitative comparisons of rendered images.	Fourier analysis of stochastic sampling strategies for assessing bias and variance in integration	NA:NA	2018
Wojciech Jarosz	NA	Session details: Precomputed rendering	NA	2018
Thorsten-Walther Schmidt:Jan Novák:Johannes Meng:Anton S. Kaplanyan:Tim Reiner:Derek Nowrouzezahrai:Carsten Dachsbacher	Industry-quality content creation relies on tools for lighting artists to quickly prototype, iterate, and refine final renders. As industry-leading studios quickly adopt physically-based rendering (PBR) across their art generation pipelines, many existing tools have become unsuitable as they address only simple effects without considering underlying PBR concepts and constraints. We present a novel light transport manipulation technique that operates directly on path-space solutions of the rendering equation. We expose intuitive direct and indirect manipulation approaches to edit complex effects such as (multi-refracted) caustics, diffuse and glossy indirect bounces, and direct/indirect shadows. With our sketch- and object-space selection, all built atop a parameterized regular expression engine, artists can search and isolate shading effects to inspect and edit. We classify and filter paths on the fly and visualize the selected transport phenomena. We survey artists who used our tool to manipulate complex phenomena on both static and animated scenes.	Path-space manipulation of physically-based light transport	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Peiran Ren:Jiaping Wang:Minmin Gong:Stephen Lin:Xin Tong:Baining Guo	We present radiance regression functions for fast rendering of global illumination in scenes with dynamic local light sources. A radiance regression function (RRF) represents a non-linear mapping from local and contextual attributes of surface points, such as position, viewing direction, and lighting condition, to their indirect illumination values. The RRF is obtained from precomputed shading samples through regression analysis, which determines a function that best fits the shading data. For a given scene, the shading samples are precomputed by an offline renderer. The key idea behind our approach is to exploit the nonlinear coherence of the indirect illumination data to make the RRF both compact and fast to evaluate. We model the RRF as a multilayer acyclic feed-forward neural network, which provides a close functional approximation of the indirect illumination and can be efficiently evaluated at run time. To effectively model scenes with spatially variant material properties, we utilize an augmented set of attributes as input to the neural network RRF to reduce the amount of inference that the network needs to perform. To handle scenes with greater geometric complexity, we partition the input space of the RRF model and represent the subspaces with separate, smaller RRFs that can be evaluated more rapidly. As a result, the RRF model scales well to increasingly complex scene geometry and material variation. Because of its compactness and ease of evaluation, the RRF model enables real-time rendering with full global illumination effects, including changing caustics and multiple-bounce high-frequency glossy interreflections.	Global illumination with radiance regression functions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuang Zhao:Miloš Hašan:Ravi Ramamoorthi:Kavita Bala	The highest fidelity images to date of complex materials like cloth use extremely high-resolution volumetric models. However, rendering such complex volumetric media is expensive, with brute-force path tracing often the only viable solution. Fortunately, common volumetric materials (fabrics, finished wood, synthesized solid textures) are structured, with repeated patterns approximated by tiling a small number of exemplar blocks. In this paper, we introduce a precomputation-based rendering approach for such volumetric media with repeated structures based on a modular transfer formulation. We model each exemplar block as a voxel grid and precompute voxel-to-voxel, patch-to-patch, and patch-to-voxel flux transfer matrices. At render time, when blocks are tiled to produce a high-resolution volume, we accurately compute low-order scattering, with modular flux transfer used to approximate higher-order scattering. We achieve speedups of up to 12× over path tracing on extremely complex volumes, with minimal loss of quality. In addition, we demonstrate that our approach outperforms photon mapping on these materials.	Modular flux transfer: efficient rendering of high-resolution volumes with repeated structures	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Frédo Durand	NA	Session details: Display hardware	NA	2018
Felix Heide:Gordon Wetzstein:Ramesh Raskar:Wolfgang Heidrich	Recent years have seen proposals for exciting new computational display technologies that are compressive in the sense that they generate high resolution images or light fields with relatively few display parameters. Image synthesis for these types of displays involves two major tasks: sampling and rendering high-dimensional target imagery, such as light fields or time-varying light fields, as well as optimizing the display parameters to provide a good approximation of the target content. In this paper, we introduce an adaptive optimization framework for compressive displays that generates high quality images and light fields using only a fraction of the total plenoptic samples. We demonstrate the framework for a large set of display technologies, including several types of auto-stereoscopic displays, high dynamic range displays, and high-resolution displays. We achieve significant performance gains, and in some cases are able to process data that would be infeasible with existing methods.	Adaptive image synthesis for compressive displays	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
James Tompkin:Simon Heinzle:Jan Kautz:Wojciech Matusik	Lenticular prints are a popular medium for producing automultiscopic glasses-free 3D images. The light field emitted by such prints has a fixed spatial and angular resolution. We increase both perceived angular and spatial resolution by modifying the lenslet array to better match the content of a given light field. Our optimization algorithm analyzes the input light field and computes an optimal lenslet size, shape, and arrangement that best matches the input light field given a set of output parameters. The resulting emitted light field shows higher detail and smoother motion parallax compared to fixed-size lens arrays. We demonstrate our technique using rendered simulations and by 3D printing lens arrays, and we validate our approach in simulation with a user study.	Content-adaptive lenticular prints	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rajinder Sodhi:Ivan Poupyrev:Matthew Glisson:Ali Israr	AIREAL is a novel haptic technology that delivers effective and expressive tactile sensations in free air, without requiring the user to wear a physical device. Combined with interactive computers graphics, AIREAL enables users to feel virtual 3D objects, experience free air textures and receive haptic feedback on gestures performed in free space. AIREAL relies on air vortex generation directed by an actuated flexible nozzle to provide effective tactile feedback with a 75 degrees field of view, and within an 8.5cm resolution at 1 meter. AIREAL is a scalable, inexpensive and practical free air haptic technology that can be used in a broad range of applications, including gaming, mobile applications, and gesture interaction among many others. This paper reports the details of the AIREAL design and control, experimental evaluations of the device's performance, as well as an exploration of the application space of free air haptic displays. Although we used vortices, we believe that the results reported are generalizable and will inform the design of haptic displays based on alternative principles of free air tactile actuation.	AIREAL: interactive tactile experiences in free air	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bernd Bickel	NA	Session details: 3D printing	NA	2018
Desai Chen:David I. W. Levin:Piotr Didyk:Pitchaya Sitthi-Amorn:Wojciech Matusik	Multi-material 3D printing allows objects to be composed of complex, heterogenous arrangements of materials. It is often more natural to define a functional goal than to define the material composition of an object. Translating these functional requirements to fabri-cable 3D prints is still an open research problem. Recently, several specific instances of this problem have been explored (e.g., appearance or elastic deformation), but they exist as isolated, monolithic algorithms. In this paper, we propose an abstraction mechanism that simplifies the design, development, implementation, and reuse of these algorithms. Our solution relies on two new data structures: a reducer tree that efficiently parameterizes the space of material assignments and a tuner network that describes the optimization process used to compute material arrangement. We provide an application programming interface for specifying the desired object and for defining parameters for the reducer tree and tuner network. We illustrate the utility of our framework by implementing several fabrication algorithms as well as demonstrating the manufactured results.	Spec2Fab: a reducer-tuner model for translating specifications to 3D prints	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kiril Vidimče:Szu-Po Wang:Jonathan Ragan-Kelley:Wojciech Matusik	3D printing hardware is rapidly scaling up to output continuous mixtures of multiple materials at increasing resolution over ever larger print volumes. This poses an enormous computational challenge: large high-resolution prints comprise trillions of voxels and petabytes of data and simply modeling and describing the input with spatially varying material mixtures at this scale is challenging. Existing 3D printing software is insufficient; in particular, most software is designed to support only a few million primitives, with discrete material choices per object. We present OpenFab, a programmable pipeline for synthesis of multi-material 3D printed objects that is inspired by RenderMan and modern GPU pipelines. The pipeline supports procedural evaluation of geometric detail and material composition, using shader-like fablets, allowing models to be specified easily and efficiently. We describe a streaming architecture for OpenFab; only a small fraction of the final volume is stored in memory and output is fed to the printer with little startup delay. We demonstrate it on a variety of multi-material objects.	OpenFab: a programmable pipeline for multi-material fabrication	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qingnan Zhou:Julian Panetta:Denis Zorin	Direct digital manufacturing is a set of rapidly evolving technologies that provide easy ways to manufacture highly customized and unique products. The development pipeline for such products is radically different from the conventional manufacturing pipeline: 3D geometric models are designed by users often with little or no manufacturing experience, and sent directly to the printer. Structural analysis on the user side with conventional tools is often unfeasible as it requires specialized training and software. Trial-and-error, the most common approach, is time-consuming and expensive. We present a method that would identify structural problems in objects designed for 3D printing based on geometry and material properties only, without specific assumptions on loads and manual load setup. We solve a constrained optimization problem to determine the "worst" load distribution for a shape that will cause high local stress or large deformations. While in its general form this optimization has a prohibitively high computational cost, we demonstrate that an approximate method makes it possible to solve the problem rapidly for a broad range of printed models. We validate our method both computationally and experimentally and demonstrate that it has good predictive power for a number of diverse 3D printed shapes.	Worst-case structural analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Karl D. D. Willis:Andrew D. Wilson	We introduce InfraStructs, material-based tags that embed information inside digitally fabricated objects for imaging in the Terahertz region. Terahertz imaging can safely penetrate many common materials, opening up new possibilities for encoding hidden information as part of the fabrication process. We outline the design, fabrication, imaging, and data processing steps to fabricate information inside physical objects. Prototype tag designs are presented for location encoding, pose estimation, object identification, data storage, and authentication. We provide detailed analysis of the constraints and performance considerations for designing InfraStruct tags. Future application scenarios range from production line inventory, to customized game accessories, to mobile robotics.	InfraStructs: fabricating information inside physical objects for imaging in the terahertz region	NA:NA	2018
Diego Nehab	NA	Session details: Hardware rendering	NA	2018
Michael J. Doyle:Colin Fowler:Michael Manzke	Ray-tracing algorithms are known for producing highly realistic images, but at a significant computational cost. For this reason, a large body of research exists on various techniques for accelerating these costly algorithms. One approach to achieving superior performance which has received comparatively little attention is the design of specialised ray-tracing hardware. The research that does exist on this topic has consistently demonstrated that significant performance and efficiency gains can be achieved with dedicated microarchitectures. However, previous work on hardware ray-tracing has focused almost entirely on the traversal and intersection aspects of the pipeline. As a result, the critical aspect of the management and construction of acceleration data-structures remains largely absent from the hardware literature. We propose that a specialised microarchitecture for this purpose could achieve considerable performance and efficiency improvements over programmable platforms. To this end, we have developed the first dedicated microarchitecture for the construction of binned SAH BVHs. Cycle-accurate simulations show that our design achieves significant improvements in raw performance and in the bandwidth required for construction, as well as large efficiency gains in terms of performance per clock and die area compared to manycore implementations. We conclude that such a design would be useful in the context of a heterogeneous graphics processor, and may help future graphics processor designs to reduce predicted technology-imposed utilisation limits.	A hardware unit for fast SAH-optimised BVH construction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Josiah Manson:Scott Schaefer	We present a method to create high-quality sampling filters by combining a prescribed number of texels from several resolutions in a mipmap. Our technique provides fine control over the number of texels we read per texture sample so that we can scale quality to match a memory bandwidth budget. Our method also has a fixed cost regardless of the filter we approximate, which makes it feasible to approximate higher-quality filters such as a Lánczos 2 filter in real-time rendering. To find the best set of texels to represent a given sampling filter and what weights to assign those texels, we perform a cardinality-constrained least-squares optimization of the most likely candidate solutions and encode the results of the optimization in a small table that is easily stored on the GPU. We present results that show we accurately reproduce filters using few texel reads and that both quality and speed scale smoothly with available bandwidth. When using four or more texels per sample, our image quality exceeds that of trilinear interpolation.	Cardinality-constrained texture filtering	NA:NA	2018
Petrik Clarberg:Robert Toth:Jacob Munkberg	Stochastic sampling in time and over the lens is essential to produce photo-realistic images, and it has the potential to revolutionize real-time graphics. In this paper, we take an architectural view of the problem and propose a novel hardware architecture for efficient shading in the context of stochastic rendering. We replace previous caching mechanisms by a sorting step to extract coherence, thereby ensuring that only non-occluded samples are shaded. The memory bandwidth is kept at a minimum by operating on tiles and using new buffer compression methods. Our architecture has several unique benefits not traditionally associated with deferred shading. First, shading is performed in primitive order, which enables late shading of vertex attributes and avoids the need to generate a G-buffer of pre-interpolated vertex attributes. Second, we support state changes, e.g., change of shaders and resources in the deferred shading pass, avoiding the need for a single über-shader. We perform an extensive architectural simulation to quantify the benefits of our algorithm on real workloads.	A sort-based deferred shading architecture for decoupled sampling	NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Nealen	NA	Session details: Laplacians, light field & layouts	NA	2018
Dilip Krishnan:Raanan Fattal:Richard Szeliski	We present a new multi-level preconditioning scheme for discrete Poisson equations that arise in various computer graphics applications such as colorization, edge-preserving decomposition for two-dimensional images, and geodesic distances and diffusion on three-dimensional meshes. Our approach interleaves the selection of fine-and coarse-level variables with the removal of weak connections between potential fine-level variables (sparsification) and the compensation for these changes by strengthening nearby connections. By applying these operations before each elimination step and repeating the procedure recursively on the resulting smaller systems, we obtain a highly efficient multi-level preconditioning scheme with linear time and memory requirements. Our experiments demonstrate that our new scheme outperforms or is comparable with other state-of-the-art methods, both in terms of operation count and wall-clock time. This speedup is achieved by the new method's ability to reduce the condition number of irregular Laplacian matrices as well as homogeneous systems. It can therefore be used for a wide variety of computational photography problems, as well as several 3D mesh processing tasks, without the need to carefully match the algorithm to the problem characteristics.	Efficient preconditioning of laplacian matrices for computer graphics	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jean-David Génevaux:Éric Galin:Eric Guérin:Adrien Peytavie:Bedrich Benes	We present a framework that allows quick and intuitive modeling of terrains using concepts inspired by hydrology. The terrain is generated from a simple initial sketch, and its generation is controlled by a few parameters. Our terrain representation is both analytic and continuous and can be rendered by using varying levels of detail. The terrain data are stored in a novel data structure: a construction tree whose internal nodes define a combination of operations, and whose leaves represent terrain features. The framework uses rivers as modeling elements, and it first creates a hierarchical drainage network that is represented as a geometric graph over a given input domain. The network is then analyzed to construct watersheds and to characterize the different types and trajectories of rivers. The terrain is finally generated by combining procedural terrain and river patches with blending and carving operators.	Terrain generation using procedural models based on hydrology	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jan Kautz	NA	Session details: Appearance fabrication	NA	2018
Anat Levin:Daniel Glasner:Ying Xiong:Frédo Durand:William Freeman:Wojciech Matusik:Todd Zickler	Recent attempts to fabricate surfaces with custom reflectance functions boast impressive angular resolution, yet their spatial resolution is limited. In this paper we present a method to construct spatially varying reflectance at a high resolution of up to 220dpi, orders of magnitude greater than previous attempts, albeit with a lower angular resolution. The resolution of previous approaches is limited by the machining, but more fundamentally, by the geometric optics model on which they are built. Beyond a certain scale geometric optics models break down and wave effects must be taken into account. We present an analysis of incoherent reflectance based on wave optics and gain important insights into reflectance design. We further suggest and demonstrate a practical method, which takes into account the limitations of existing micro-fabrication techniques such as photolithography to design and fabricate a range of reflection effects, based on wave interference.	Fabricating BRDFs at high spatial resolution using wave optics	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yanxiang Lan:Yue Dong:Fabio Pellacini:Xin Tong	Surfaces in the real world exhibit complex appearance due to spatial variations in both their reflectance and local shading frames (i.e. the local coordinate system defined by the normal and tangent direction). For opaque surfaces, existing fabrication solutions can reproduce well only the spatial variations of isotropic reflectance. In this paper, we present a system for fabricating surfaces with desired spatially-varying reflectance, including anisotropic ones, and local shading frames. We approximate each input reflectance, rotated by its local frame, as a small patch of oriented facets coated with isotropic glossy inks. By assigning different ink combinations to facets with different orientations, this bi-scale material can reproduce a wider variety of reflectance than the printer gamut, including anisotropic materials. By orienting the facets appropriately, we control the local shading frame. We propose an algorithm to automatically determine the optimal facets orientations and ink combinations that best approximate a given input appearance, while obeying manufacturing constraints on both geometry and ink gamut. We fabricate the resulting surface with commercially available hardware, a 3D printer to fabricate the facets and a flatbed UV printer to coat them with inks. We validate our method by fabricating a variety of isotropic and anisotropic materials with rich variations in normals and tangents.	Bi-scale appearance fabrication	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
