Gary Lewandowski	NA	Session details: Keynote address	NA	2010
Sally Fincher	In this talk, I'll explore some of the ways educators share details of their practice and of how they find out "what works" from others. This exploration will include examining some barriers and inhibitors to successful exchange and some thoughts on the importance of representations of practice; that is how we represent our teaching to ourselves, to each other and for posterity. As part of this exploration, I will present a model of sharing I have devised with Josh Tenenberg, called the Disciplinary Commons: further details of this can be seen at: http://www.disciplinarycommons.org.	Useful sharing	NA	2010
Deborah Dunn	NA	Session details: Compilers & languages	NA	2010
Ariel Ortiz	This paper discusses some useful insights for instructors who might want to consider using a web approach in courses involving language design and implementation. The basic idea is to have students build a language processor that actually runs on the web, instead of a processor that just runs on a command-line shell. The author documents the advantages and possible shortcomings of this approach, as well as his class experiences.	Building server-side web language processors	NA	2010
Katsuhiko Gondow:Naoki Fukuyasu:Yoshitaka Arahori	This paper proposes a novel visualization tool for educational compilers, called MieruCompiler. Educational compilers that generate native assembly code like i386 have many practical and pedagogical advantages, but they also have a disadvantage that the undergraduate students need to acquire a wide range of knowledge on native machine instructions, assembly directives, application binary interface (ABI), so on. To reduce this learning cost, MieruCompiler provides various visualizations as a rich internet application (RIA) including: (1) highlighting all related slices (called "horizontal slicing" after [13], but not implemented in [13]) among the source code, abstract syntax tree, assembly code, symbol table, stack layout and compiler code, when the user hovers the mouse pointer over a piece of them, (2) displaying tooltips for machine instructions, assembly directives, etc., and (3) visualizing stack layouts which are very likely to be implicit. As a preliminary evaluation, MieruCompiler was used in two universities, which produced promising results.	MieruCompiler: integrated visualization tool with "horizontal slicing" for educational compilers	NA:NA:NA	2010
Tyler Sondag:Kian L. Pokorny:Hridesh Rajan	Compiler and programming language implementation courses are integral parts of many computer science curricula. However, the range of topics necessary to teach in such a course are difficult for students to understand and time consuming to cover. In particular, code generation is a confusing topic for students unfamiliar with low level target languages. We present Frances, a tool for helping students understand code generation and low level languages. The key idea is to graphically illustrate the relationships between high level language constructs and low level (assembly) language code. By illustrating these relationships, we take advantage of the students existing understanding of some high level language. We have used Frances in a compiler design course and received highly positive feedback. Students conveyed to us that Frances significantly helped them to understand the concepts necessary to implement code generation in a compiler project.	Frances: a tool for understanding code generation	NA:NA:NA	2010
Barbara Ericson	NA	Session details: Diversity	NA	2010
Joseph A. Cottam:Samantha S. Foley:Suzanne Menzel	Outreach programs communicating the importance and diversity of computing to K-12 students are essential to improving attitudes toward computing. However, the effectiveness of outreach programs, and roadshows in particular, has only recently come under study. Just Be is an outreach roadshow program at Indiana University. It directly addresses stereotypical attitudes towards computing. This paper demonstrates, through statistical analysis of surveys given to college students who participated in a Just Be presentation prepared for high school students, that the Just Be roadshow effectively shifts attitudes for the better.	Do roadshows work?: examining the effectiveness of just be	NA:NA:NA	2010
Joanna Goode	In this paper, a K-16 computer science reform effort is described as an effort that depends on curriculum development, professional development, and collaborative policy strategies.	Connecting k-16 curriculum & policy: making computer science engaging, accessible, and hospitable for underrepresented students	NA	2010
W. Richards Adrion:Renee Fall:Manuel Matos:Alan R. Peterfreund	The Commonwealth Alliance for Information Technology Education (CAITE) is one of 11 National Science Foundation Broadening Participation in Computing (BPC) alliances aimed at increasing the participation and success of underrepresented groups in information technology (IT). From the beginning, CAITE partners worked to integrate a detailed and comprehensive evaluation strategy to provide a quantitative assessment of the effectiveness of CAITE action plans on its main objectives. We collected large institutional data sets for the seven academic years prior to the project inception from each of the nine original partners, the six additional partners and several other institutions. These data serve as a baseline for assessing the efficacy of CAITE interventions and make it possible to examine trends in student participation and success across each CAITE partner and the alliance as whole. Importantly, these data provide valuable insight into each of the institutions that has allowed CAITE to tailor its inventions to reflect local conditions at each institution and within each region. From the evaluation data, it became clear that we needed to adjust action plans to better meet CAITE objectives. We describe specific aspects that warranted data-driven adjustments, and highlight lessons learned from these revelations.	Integrating evaluation into program development: benefits of baselining a NSF-BPC alliance	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Daniel Kaplan	NA	Session details: Computation & the sciences	NA	2010
Ali Erkan:Jason Hamilton:Tom Pfaff:Michael Rogers	The most important problems of our century require collaborative work. Therefore, as educators, we must be producing individuals who understand how to communicate and work with professionals from other fields. In this paper, we outline our ongoing efforts in addressing this need, without compromising discipline specific qualities or goals. Specifically, we present a number of programming projects that fulfill curricular requirements as well as making students aware of the Science Technology Engineering and Math (STEM) context of their work.	Use of satellite imagery in multidisciplinary projects	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Eric Andrew Freudenthal:Mary K. Roy:Alexandria Nicole Ogrey:Tanja Magoc:Alan Siegel	Media-Propelled Computational Thinking (MPCT - pronounced impact) is a course designed to introduce programming in the context of engaging problems in media computation, math, and physics. Programming concepts are introduced as incremental steps needed to solve pragmatic problems students already understand. The problems, graphical API, and hands-on program features are intended to expose fundamental concepts in mathematics and quantitative science. MPCT is offered in an entering students program for freshmen who plan to specialize in a variety of STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) and non-STEM subjects. The curriculum is intended to strengthen student intuition and interest in mathematical modeling and programming by engaging students in the direct manipulation of simple mathematical systems that model and display familiar physical phenomena. MPCT uses programs as concrete and manipulatable examples of fundamental concepts to engage a diverse range of students including women and underrepresented minorities. Variants of MPCT are being developed for high schools, and as a means to introduce computational science to upper division undergraduates studying non-computational STEM disciplines. This paper provides an overview of MPCT and representative problem studies including models of ballistics and resonant systems. The evaluation plan is described and very preliminary results are presented.	MPCT: media propelled computational thinking	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Sheikh Iqbal Ahamed:Dennis Brylow:Rong Ge:Praveen Madiraju:Stephen J. Merrill:Craig A. Struble:James P. Early	This paper describes "Computational Thinking for the Sciences", a 3-day summer workshop for high school science and mathematics teachers. Our workshop emphasizes the deep connections between the natural sciences, mathematics and computer science through activities and simulation development appropriate for scientific explorations. Teachers were exposed to simulation development in VPython, a visual extension to the popular Python programming language. By broadening exposure of computational thinking to the natural sciences and developing activities specifically for science domains, we hope to attract new students into computer science and better prepare natural science students to employ the computational tools they will utilize in the future.	Computational thinking for the sciences: a three day workshop for high school science teachers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Yu Cai	NA	Session details: Curriculum design	NA	2010
Mehran Sahami:Alex Aiken:Julie Zelenski	While the discipline of computing has evolved significantly in the past 30 years, Computer Science curricula have not as readily adapted to these changes. In response, we have recently completely redesigned the undergraduate CS curriculum at Stanford University, both modernizing the program as well as highlighting new directions in the field and its multi-disciplinary nature. As we explain in this paper, our restructured major features a streamlined core of foundation courses followed by a depth concentration in a track area as well as additional elective courses. Since its deployment this past year, the new program has proven to be very attractive to students, contributing to an increase of over 40% in the number of CS major declarations. We analyze feedback we received on the program from students, as well as commentary from industrial affiliates and other universities, providing further evidence of the promise this new curriculum holds.	Expanding the frontiers of computer science: designing a curriculum to reflect a diverse field	NA:NA:NA	2010
Mark D. LeBlanc:Tom Armstrong:Michael B. Gousie	Computer science holds a unique position to craft multidisciplinary curricula for the new generation of faculty and students across the academy who increasingly rely on computing for their scholarship. We propose that computer science programs cease curricula models that begin with a two-course sequence that emulates the natural sciences and mathematics. We report on an aggressive strategy to work with faculty from across the disciplines of arts, humanities, and the social and life sciences to help design and deliver sets of multidisciplinary, applied, and "connected" pairs of introductory courses. Preliminary results at our small liberal arts college include an increase in the percentage of women enrolling in our connected courses, more students taking an additional course in computing, a faculty energized with sharing their research early on, and new interdisciplinary research opportunities for computer science faculty and students.	Connecting across campus	NA:NA:NA	2010
Christine Alvarado:Zachary Dodds	Historically, Harvey Mudd College (HMC) has had very little success attracting women to the study of computer science: women have chosen CS less than any other field of study. In 2006 HMC began three practices in order to increase the number of women studying and majoring in CS; these practices have now been in place for 3 years. With this paper we describe these practices and present a thorough evaluation of the quantitative and qualitative differences that have accompanied them. In sum, these efforts have rebalanced our department by significantly increasing women's participation in our computer science program.	Women in CS: an evaluation of three promising practices	NA:NA	2010
Reynold Bailey	NA	Session details: Panel	NA	2010
Reynold Bailey:Guy-Alain Amoussou:Tiffany Barnes:Hans-Peter Bischof:Thomas Naps	Projects funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF) Research Experiences for Undergraduates (REU) program aim to (a) enhance participation of students who otherwise might not have research opportunities, and (b) increase the number of students interested in graduate programs, thus expanding the pool of a well-trained scientific workforce. To provide meaningful experiences for these students, REU projects make use of a set of interesting, appropriate research problems that can be tackled in 8 to 10 weeks in summer. The panelists have all served as PIs or Co-PIs on NSF REU projects in computing. They will present their REU research problems, highlight challenges they encountered, and present their results. They will also discuss what they have done, or what can be done, to incorporate such research problems within the regular computing curriculum, for example, in capstone courses or senior projects. A significant amount of time will be set aside for audience participation and discussion.	Relevant real-world undergraduate research problems: lessons from the nsf-reu trenches	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Valerie Barr	NA	Session details: Panel	NA	2010
Valerie Barr:Chun Wai Liew:Rich Salter	With the declining interest among incoming college students and the nationwide drop in computer science (CS) enrollments ([2, 1]), many CS departments would like to broaden participation in computing by reaching out to other departments on their campuses. One tactic is to encourage interdisciplinary work that has computing as a significant component. These efforts may result in more CS majors, increased enrollments in certain CS courses, and a student population that is better equipped to utilize computing within the contexts of their disciplines. This panel presents three approaches to building bridges to other departments and disciplines. Rich Salter, Oberlin College, will discuss the involvement of CS in the Oberlin Center for Computation and Modeling. Chun Wai Liew, Lafayette College, will discuss ways in which the CS department has built tools specifically to assist faculty in other departments, facilitating student exposure to and understanding of computation. Valerie Barr, Union College, will focus on the infusion of computation into course curricula outside CS, often coupling the use of existing tools with discussion of the underlying models and computational issues.	Building bridges to other departments: three strategies	NA:NA:NA	2010
Mark Guzdial	NA	Session details: Special session	NA	2010
Mark Guzdial:David Ranum:Brad Miller:Beth Simon:Barbara Ericson:Samuel A. Rebelsky:Janet Davis:Kumar Deepak:Doug Blank	The SIGCSE community has been exploring the role of multimedia to enhance computing education since the earliest algorithm visualization systems and studies [1]. Media Computation is a shift in focus [2]. Where algorithm visualization presents information to the student to facilitate their understanding, media computation is about having students manipulate media as the data for their programming, i.e., as the focus of the course activities. Students in media computation produce new images, sounds, and video. We aim to show that computer science is about more than numbers and strings. Computer science is also about creative expression. The original media computation work focused on using media to motivate non-computing majors [2]. The role of media in motivating student learning for computing education has broadened. Inventive teachers are using media computation for lots of different kinds of students, at different kinds of institutions, with a range of languages and toolkits. This special session is a mixture of "Five Minute Madness," science fair, and art gallery. Each participant will present how he or she is using media to motivate student learning, and some student work will be available for audience inspection	Variations on a theme: role of media in motivating computing education	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Ping Chen	NA	Session details: Capstones & professional development	NA	2010
James Parrish, Jr.:Janet Bailey:Bradley Jensen	This paper describes the use of the Microsoft Imagine Cup Software Design Invitational (SDI) as a way to overcome some of the issues related to traditional or "closed" style capstone projects. Problematic issues with traditional capstone projects, as identified by literature, are discussed in conjunction with how the SDI addresses them. The main premise is participation in the Imagine Cup SDI can address the issues faculty wrestle with as they attempt to provide students with the best possible learning experience. Additionally, the authors present some of the advantages and challenges that they have noted from personal experiences using SDI as a part of a capstone course.	Using the imagine cup SDI as the foundation for computer science capstone projects	NA:NA:NA	2010
Josh Tenenberg	The Industry Fellows project involves a practicing college or university faculty member and practicing industry professional (the industry fellow) in the joint curriculum review, planning and delivery of a course related to the professional's domain of expertise. Working together exploits what each does best. The faculty member brings a broad, theory-based understanding to the discipline, while the industry fellow brings knowledge gained from professional practice. The faculty member retains full responsibility for all academic aspects of the course: planning and writing the syllabus, developing the assignments and examinations, and assigning grades. The professional joins the faculty member in the classroom on a regular basis as a co-lecturer, interacts directly with the students, and evaluates a sample of the student work on an advisory basis. This model was successfully run in winter 2009, with the project leader collaborating with an interaction designer from Google on teaching a Human Computer Interaction course at the University of Washington, Tacoma (UWT). This paper describes the Industry Fellows model, its instantiation at UWT, and an evaluation of this instantiation.	Industry fellows: bringing professional practice into the classroom	NA	2010
Joseph Mertz:Scott McElfresh	This paper describes a course at Carnegie Mellon University that engages students as consultants working with non-profit organizations. Different from most "service learning" courses, students in the Technology Consulting in the Community course focus on building capacity within organizations to sustain IT solutions without ongoing assistance. They do not merely provide IT support, nor do they focus on system development. Rather they focus on solving organizational problems using IT solutions. In doing so, they may develop a system, or adapt open source or commercial tools as appropriate to the situation. Computing systems do not exist in isolation, but in the context of people, organizations, and their policies. We want to train leaders in our community who can not only develop new technologies, but can solve organizational and societal problems. The course has as its learning goals to build inquiry, communication and leadership skills, in addition to engaging students in project development. At the same time it provides a valuable service in the community.	Teaching communication, leadership, and the social context of computing via a consulting course	NA:NA	2010
Stefan Andrei	NA	Session details: Upper-level courses	NA	2010
Mark Christensen van Langeveld:Robert Kessler	Many Universities are building interdisciplinary programs that overlap engineering and fine art departments that focus on games, special effects, animation and other forms of interdisciplinary efforts. With increasing demands for education linking the Engineering Sciences and Fine Arts, fueled by the competitive nature of the industries that recruit graduates, educators need to become more efficient and effective in their task of educating engineering and art majors in cross-disciplinary courses. CS3650 at the University of Utah is a digital character production course. This course is interdisciplinary and draws from several disciplines including computer science, graphics, anatomy, sculpture, art, and entertainment. It is a prerequisite for our machinima class, which immerses students into 3D game engines. Visualization tools are used in the course to help students learn to create better digital models. Presented in this paper is an experimental comparison between traditional visualization tools and digital visualization tools, which are less expensive, easier to distribute, arrange/procure and transport than the traditional tools. Traditional visualization tools include lifelike skeleton reproductions, wooden body mass structures, actual live human models, and anatomy drawing books. The digital visualization tools that are contrasted in this paper are: a layered anatomically correct, digital human model (skin, muscles, masses and some bones adapted from several sources) and a VisTrails version of a properly produced human figure (interactive animation). The digital tools are used to replace the traditional visualization tools used in the same educational curriculum, which teaches students to design, model and produce digital characters for games, machinima, and animation. The quantitative experiment demonstrates that digital visualization tools help to improve a student's understanding of the complex software packages used to produce characters, helps to improve specific techniques used to model 3D characters, and it helps to improve understanding of 3D form, more than the traditional tools within the context of this educational curriculum.	Digital visualization tools improve teaching 3D character modeling	NA:NA	2010
Frank McCown	Courses centered around the field of Web Information Retrieval (IR) and web search are slowly being introduced at the undergraduate level. In this paper, we show how the curriculum for a new undergraduate course on web search engines was developed, and we share our experiences in having students develop their own search engine components from scratch or modify and extend a popular open source search engine. We hope our experiences will be helpful to other Computer Science departments that are looking to develop an undergraduate Web IR course.	Teaching web information retrieval to undergraduates	NA	2010
Joel Coffman:Alfred C. Weaver	Website security is essential for successful e-commerce ventures, but the vital "how-to" components of security are often lacking in academic courses. This paper describes our attempt to instill an awareness of security concerns and techniques by having the students develop an Artist eXchange website, a social networking site that permits the posting and sharing of pictures, music, and text, including an end-user rating system. The six-homework set progresses through HTML, JavaScript, PHP, MySQL, file uploads, and security testing. An innovative feature is that each assignment is evaluated via automated testing, which guides the student toward detecting and correcting mistakes, especially with regard to common attack vectors.	Electronic commerce virtual laboratory	NA:NA	2010
Keith Shomper	NA	Session details: Concept inventories	NA	2010
Allison Elliott Tew:Mark Guzdial	Previous studies of student programming ability have raised questions about students' ability to problem solve, read and analyze code, and understand introductory computing concepts. However, it is unclear whether these results are the product of failures of student comprehension or our inability to accurately measure their performance. We propose a method for creating a language independent CS1 assessment instrument and present the results of our analysis used to define the common conceptual content that will serve as the framework for the exam. We conclude with a discussion of future work and our progress towards developing the assessment.	Developing a validated assessment of fundamental CS1 concepts	NA:NA	2010
Geoffrey L. Herman:Michael C. Loui:Craig Zilles	A concept inventory (CI) is a standardized assessment tool that evaluates how well a student's conceptual framework matches the accepted conceptual framework of a discipline. In this paper, we present our process in creating and evaluating the alpha version of a CI to assess student understanding of digital logic. We have checked the validity and reliability of the CI through an alpha administration, follow-up interviews with students, analysis of administration results, and expert feedback. So far the feedback on the digital logic concept inventory is positive and promising.	Creating the digital logic concept inventory	NA:NA:NA	2010
Lisa C. Kaczmarczyk:Elizabeth R. Petrick:J. Philip East:Geoffrey L. Herman	Computing educators are often baffled by the misconceptions that their CS1 students hold. We need to understand these misconceptions more clearly in order to help students form correct conceptions. This paper describes one stage in the development of a concept inventory for Computing Fundamentals: investigation of student misconceptions in a series of core CS1 topics previously identified as both important and difficult. Formal interviews with students revealed four distinct themes, each containing many interesting misconceptions. Three of those misconceptions are detailed in this paper: two misconceptions about memory models, and data assignment when primitives are declared. Individual misconceptions are related, but vary widely, thus providing excellent material to use in the development of the CI. In addition, CS1 instructors are provided immediate usable material for helping their students understand some difficult introductory concepts.	Identifying student misconceptions of programming	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Wayne Summers	NA	Session details: Spamming, hacking, & social networks: themes for educating the next generation	NA	2010
Tarsem S. Purewal, Jr.	This paper describes a course in online social networking that is flexible enough to meet the needs of most CS0 courses. Two sections of the course were taught at the College of Charleston during the Spring 2009 semester. We describe our experiences, we outline the topics and we offer suggestions on how the topics can meet the objectives of more traditional CS0 offerings.	Social networking: the new computer fluency?	NA	2010
Joel Sommers	Compelling experiences in introductory courses make a key difference in whether non-majors develop an interest in computer science, possibly even converting them into undergraduate majors or minors. In this paper we advocate integrated hands-on laboratory style activities to provide such pivotal experiences. In the lab activities we describe, students do not engage in programming, yet they learn to think computationally by engaging in computational activities. The course in which these labs are implemented is oriented around three aspects of the the internet's underside: its techno-scientific underpinnings, environmental and energy problems and promise brought on by its rapid growth, and security threats associated with its use. We describe the goals and content of the lab activities, as well as various challenges encountered through their implementation. We also discuss student responses and future directions.	Educating the next generation of spammers	NA	2010
Sergey Bratus:Anna Shubina:Michael E. Locasto	The "Hacker Curriculum" exists as a mostly undocumented set of principles and methods for learning about information security. Hacking, in our view, is defined by the ability to question the trust assumptions in the design and implementation of computer systems rather than any negative use of such skills. Chief among these principles and methods are two useful pedagogical techniques: (1) developing a cross-layer view of systems (one unconstrained by API definitions or traditional subject matter boundaries) and (2) understanding systems by analyzing their failure modes (this approach works well with learning networking concepts and assessing software vulnerabilities). Both techniques provide a rich contrast to traditional teaching approaches, particularly for information security topics. We relate our experience applying Hacker Curriculum principles to education and training programs for undergraduates, including the Secure Information Systems Mentoring and Training (SISMAT) program and the Cyber Security Initiative at Dartmouth College, which allows undergraduates to perform supervised red team activities on Dartmouth's production systems.	Teaching the principles of the hacker curriculum to undergraduates	NA:NA:NA	2010
Mike Goldweber	NA	Session details: Panel	NA	2010
John Barr:Steve Cooper:Michael Goldweber:Henry Walker	NA	What everyone needs to know about computation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Scott Grissom	NA	Session details: Special session	NA	2010
Scott Grissom:Joan Peckham:Harriet Taylor:Guy-Alain Amoussou:Victor Piotrowski	This session highlights programs in the National Science Foundation's (NSF) Education and Human Resources (EHR) and Computer and Information Science and Engineering (CISE) directorates. The focus is on providing descriptions of several programs of interest to college faculty, and discussing the requirements and guidelines for programs in these areas. It includes a description of the proposal and review processes as well as strategies for writing competitive proposals. Participants are encouraged to discuss procedural issues with the presenters.	Understanding NSF funding opportunities	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Billy Lim	NA	Session details: Special session	NA	2010
Billy L. Lim:Bryan Hosack:Paul Vogt	Web services technology is a burgeoning technology that has received much attention in the software industry in recent years under the broader umbrella of service-oriented architecture (SOA). The popularity of the service-oriented paradigm is echoed by Microsoft's Bill Gates, where in a memo to Microsoft's top managers and engineers, he states "The broad and rich foundation of the internet will unleash a 'services wave' of applications and experiences available instantly over the internet to millions of users" [1]. While Web services have been incorporated in many industries in the market place, they are only beginning to appear in the academia, primarily in upper division and graduate CS/IS curricula [2,3]. In this special session, we share our belief that Web services technologies can and should be introduced early in CS/IS curricula. We describe and demo a number of scenarios that illustrate how Web services can be integrated into CS1/IS1 to make these courses more interesting and more importantly, make the students better prepared for upper division classes and for the industry upon graduation. This special session also shares the results of our preliminary findings involving the aforementioned integration and introduces participants to the related courseware. Participants will also receive hands-on experience with some of the scenarios experimented in our study. The intended audience is CS/IS educators who are interested in a novel way of teaching CS1/IS1. NOTE: Participants are encouraged to bring a laptop with wireless access to the Web and with NetBeans.	A web service-oriented approach to teaching CS/IS1	NA:NA:NA	2010
Dennis Brylow	NA	Session details: Networks & security	NA	2010
Jianping Pan	Experimenting in courses such as operating systems, computer networks, and distributed systems is challenging due to the need to access system kernels and network infrastructures, as well as the distributed nature of these experiments. In this paper, we design and develop a laboratory platform that can be rapidly and economically adopted in any educational institutions to teach introductory computer networks courses. By using commercial, off-the-shelf hardware and open-source software, and together with our technical solutions, the platform gives students an opportunity to experiment in a real, flexible and scalable network, and to interact with the network both as a network user and more importantly as a network operator. These features can help students to better understand the algorithms, protocols and practice of computer networks. This easy-to-use lab platform has been received favorably by students. Also, the low-cost platform is easy to maintain, and can be repeatedly used in multiple, back-to-back lab sections.	Teaching computer networks in a real network: the technical perspectives	NA	2010
Niakam Kazemi:Shiva Azadegan	Active learning and using visualization tools provide an effective approach in computer science education. Without meaningful hands-on exercises or access to training tools, it is usually difficult for students to understand or elaborate on complex algorithms, protocols, and concepts underlying different aspects of computing. This paper introduces a tool, IPsecLite, which demonstrates the inner-working of IP Security (IPsec) standard. Built on many networking technologies and cryptographic techniques, IPsec provides services to secure network communication. We introduce IPsecLite through a series of labs that can be used in several security courses. IPsecLite is fully developed and can be easily integrated into curriculum.	IPsecLite: a tool for teaching security concepts	NA:NA	2010
Dave Feinberg	We created a course that, beginning from a hypothetical shared light bulb as our physical layer, introduced students to a hierarchy of simplified versions of network protocols, including Ethernet, IP, and TCP. This paper describes those simplified protocols, along with the Java framework students used to implement and simulate them.	Teaching simplified network protocols	NA	2010
Chenglie He	NA	Session details: Course design	NA	2010
Norman Neff	The "2007 SIGCSE Report On the Implementation of a Discrete Mathematics Course" recommends relocating some discrete structures topic areas to other courses, for the sake of coherency. Our implementation of the one semester course also relocates topics, but additionally features a focus on a significant computer science problem: regular language acceptors. This problem-directed course model promises superior coherency, motivation, and integration with computing.	Problem-directed discrete structures course	NA	2010
David J. Malan	Computer Science 50 is Harvard College's introductory course for majors and non-majors alike, enrollment in which both rose and fell along with the dotcoms. Although enrollment peaked in 1996 at 386 students, it had settled by 2002 in the neighborhood of 100. We set out in 2007 to combat that trend by tackling two problems. We hypothesized that CS50 suffered from two, one of perception and one of design. Although, per end-of-term surveys, the course had never lacked for good teachers or good content, the consensus on campus for years had been to beware this particular course. And the course's own syllabus may very well have been dated in the eyes of students who had begun to carry regularly modern hardware and software in their backpacks and pockets. Not only did we proceed to revamp every one of CS50's problem sets, we brought its syllabus more in line with technological trends already familiar to students. And we altered the tone of the course to appeal to those "less comfortable" with computing on campus. But we took care to preserve the course's rigor and underlying fundamentals, lest we do our own students a disservice. Our new approach appears to be working. Between 2006 and 2007, enrollment in CS50 more than doubled from 132 to 282 (+114%). Between 2007 and 2008, enrollment increased another 17% to 330, though even more striking was that year's 48% increase in female enrollment. By 2009, enrollment remained strong at 338. We present in this work what we have done and why we have done it.	Reinventing CS50	NA	2010
Marie desJardins:Michael Littman	We describe the "Great Insights in Computer Science" courses that are taught at Rutgers and UMBC. These courses were designed independently, but have in common a broad, engaging introduction to computing for non-majors. Both courses include a programming component to help the students gain an intuition for computational concepts, but neither is primarily programming focused. We present data to show that these courses attract a diverse group of students; are rated positively; and increase students' understanding of, and attitudes towards, computing and computational issues.	Broadening student enthusiasm for computer science with a great insights course	NA:NA	2010
Jan Vahrenhold	NA	Session details: Coaching & mentoring	NA	2010
Ray Bareiss:Martin Radley	At Carnegie Mellon's Silicon Valley campus we employ a learn-by-doing educational approach in which nearly all student learning, and thus instruction, is in the context of realistic, team-based projects. Consequently, we have adopted coaching as our predominant teaching model. In this paper we reflect on our experience with the nature of teaching by coaching using a framework derived from Cognitive Apprenticeship, and explain how we employ the techniques it suggests in our teaching. We also discuss a range of instructional tensions that arise in teaching by coaching and present a survey of student attitudes regarding the effectiveness of our approach.	Coaching via cognitive apprenticeship	NA:NA	2010
Kristy Elizabeth Boyer:E. Nathan Thomas:Audrey S. Rorrer:Deonte Cooper:Mladen A. Vouk	Recent years have seen a growing awareness in the computing education community that initiatives outside the classroom are vital for retaining students and preparing them for a collaborative and dynamic professional environment. Particularly important are programs that develop rich technical skills while increasing students' interest in computing disciplines. We present Computing Identity Mentoring, an intervention designed to increase commitment to computing while enhancing students' technical and leadership skills. This program was implemented at seven universities during 2008-2009. Preliminary results suggest that Computing Identity Mentoring contributes to students' self-efficacy regarding computing and leadership, and solidifies students' commitment to a career in computing. This paper presents early findings on the effectiveness of the approach and illustrates Computing Identity Mentoring in the context of three of the seven institutions where it has been implemented.	Increasing technical excellence, leadership and commitment of computing students through identity-based mentoring	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
R. Brook Osborne:Antony J. Thomas:Jeffrey R.N. Forbes	This paper describes a program in which undergraduates mentor teams of local middle and high school students on robotics projects. These teams learn and apply the scientific, mathematical, and computing fundamentals behind the construction of robots and the design of control algorithms. The mentors play a crucial role in the effectiveness of the program. Mentor training has evolved over the five-year life of the program from ad-hoc preparation to a service-learning course where students learn both the technical skills required to design, construct, and test, mobile robots and the pedagogical techniques necessary to mentor middle and high school students. We provide an overview of the program and some evaluation results.	Teaching with robots: a service-learning approach to mentor training	NA:NA:NA	2010
William Birmingham	NA	Session details: Tools	NA	2010
Daniel D. Garcia:Gene Zhang:Sean Carr:Sameer Iyengar:Hava Edelstein:Albert Liu	For several years, the lectures in our introductory Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (EECS) courses have been videotaped and webcast, mainly as an aid to students with time conflicts that prevent them from attending class. We present the Weiner Lecture Archives - a project to identify, archive, filter, and make available the best of these lectures with their notes on the web. We provide a hierarchical, ontology-driven interface to entire courses, which allows users to choose any topic and/or subtopic to view, from a small snippet of one lecture to one that spans many lectures. Once the topic is chosen, our system launches RealPlayer to play the lecture video in one window while showing synchronized lecture notes or slides in another window. By the spring of 2007, we had finished encoding our department's entire four-course introductory sequence into this system. Student and worldwide use was greater than 100,000 views last year alone, direct feedback has been encouraging, and we hope to expand to other EECS courses in the future.	The Weiner lecture archives: an ontology-driven interface for viewing synchronized lectures and notes	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Christopher Hundhausen:Anukrati Agrawal:Kyle Ryan	Inspired by the formal code inspection process commonly used in the software industry, we have been exploring the use of pedagogical code reviews (PCRs), in which a team of three to four students, led by a trained moderator, (a) walk through segments of each other's programming assignments, (b) check the code against a list of best coding practices, and (c) discuss and log issues that arise. We have found that PCRs not only improve the quality of students' code, but also positively impact students' communication and sense of community. However, implementing PCRs also presents a key logistical challenge: how to make code solutions and review results accessible to team members before, during, and after the team reviews? To address this challenge, we are developing an online environment specifically tailored to support PCRs. Our environment enables students to submit their code solutions; to review team members' code solutions on-line prior to PCRs; to carry out PCRs; and to resubmit their solutions based upon the results of the PCRs. In an empirical evaluation of the environment in a CS1 course, we found that it not only eased the logistics of implementing PCRs, but also improved the organization and efficiency of the PCR process.	The design of an online environment to support pedagogical code reviews	NA:NA:NA	2010
Rafael del Vado Vírseda	NOTE FROM ACM: It has been determined that the author of this article plagiarized the contents from a previously published paper. Therefore ACM has shut off access to this paper. The paper by Rafael del Vado Vírseda plagiarizes the following article: Pita, I., Segura, C.: A tool for interactive learning of data structures and algorithms. In: 8th International Symposium on Computers in Education, SIIE 2006, vol. 1, pp. 141-148 (2006). For further information, contact the ACM Director of Publications.	A visualization tool for tutoring the interactive learning of data structures and algorithmic schemes.	NA	2010
Sally Fincher	NA	Session details: Panel	NA	2010
Sally Fincher:Stephen Cooper:Michael Kölling:John Maloney	This panel will showcase and compare three leading Initial Learning Environments (ILE): Alice, Greenfoot and Scratch.	Comparing alice, greenfoot & scratch	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Joel C. Adams	NA	Session details: Panel	NA	2010
Joel C. Adams:Daniel J. Ernst:Thomas Murphy:Ariel Ortiz	Although Moore's Law continues to hold at present, Moore's Dividend - where software developers could rely on increasingly faster CPUs to make their software faster - has expired [5]. Instead of manufacturing uni-core CPUs with faster clocks, hardware manufacturers are producing multi-core CPUs, and many-core CPUs (with 32 or more cores) have begun appearing. Traditional sequential applications will not take advantage of these new hardware capabilities, and thus will not run any faster. To gain performance on these new and future hardware platforms, applications must be designed and written in pieces that run simultaneously on different cores. Ideally, the performance of such parallel applications should scale as the number of available cores increases. As computer science educators, it behooves us to prepare our students for this brave new parallel world. In this session, the panelists will discuss different aspects of doing so, including: " How do we integrate parallelism into the CS curriculum? What aspects of parallelism do we cover, and where? " What available technologies (e.g., programming languages, libraries, etc.) facilitate parallel application development? " What resources are available for CS faculty members to learn how to design and build parallel applications? Each panelist will focus on one of these aspects of the problem.	Multicore education: pieces of the parallel puzzle	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
David G. Kay	NA	Session details: Special session	NA	2010
David G. Kay:Kim B. Bruce:Michael Clancy:Nell Dale:Mark Guzdial:Eric Roberts	This special session is devoted to identifying the CS education papers of the 20th century that have had the greatest influence on our practice of CS education today. The point is not primarily to produce the list of papers; rather it is to derive criteria, principles, and practices for identifying valuable contributions to CS education. This will provide a basis for establishing of awards or other recognition for influential contributions to CS education; it may also clarify the criteria for reviewing all papers. Invited participants will identify influential papers and their criteria for selecting them; the audience will also be encouraged to nominate papers and propose selection criteria. The results of this session will be communicated to the SIGCSE leadership, who will decide whether, and how, to implement any actual awards.	Recognizing the most influential CS education papers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Thomas Cortina	NA	Session details: Keynote address	NA	2010
Carl E. Wieman	Guided by experimental tests of theory and practice, science has advanced rapidly in the past 500 years. Guided primarily by tradition and dogma, science education meanwhile has remained largely medieval. Research on how people learn is now revealing how many teachers badly misinterpret what students are thinking and learning from traditional science classes and exams. However, research is also providing insights on how to do much better. The combination of this research with modern information technology is setting the stage for a new approach that can provide the relevant and effective science education for all students that is needed for the 21st century. I will discuss the failures of traditional educational practices, even as used by "very good" teachers, and the successes of some new practices and technology that characterize this more effective approach, and how these results are highly consistent with findings from cognitive science.	Science education for the 21st century: using the insights of science to teach/learn science	NA	2010
Valerie Barr	NA	Session details: Philosophy	NA	2010
Matthew Hertz	Thirty-one years ago, the ACM Computing Curricula used the terms "CS1" and "CS2" to designate the first two two courses in the introductory sequence of a computer science major. While computer science education has greatly changed since that time, we still refer to introduction to programming courses as CS1 and basic data structures courses as CS2. This common shorthand is then used to enable students to transfer between institutions and as a base of many research studies. In this paper we show that while there is wide agreement on the connotation of CS1 and CS2, there is little agreement as to the denotation of these terms. Surveying CS1 and CS2 instructors, we find little agreement on how important various topics are to each of these course and less agreement on how well students master the material. Even after limiting the analysis to whether a topic has ANY important or students complete a course with ANY mastery of the material, we continue to find significant disagreements between instructors.	What do "CS1" and "CS2" mean?: investigating differences in the early courses	NA	2010
Arno Pasternak:Jan Vahrenhold	In this paper, we propose a new approach to thinking about and implementing Computer Science curricula in secondary education. The characteristic feature is to organize the items to be taught into what we call "strands" which then can be interlaced during the course. This naturally leads to a spiral curriculum in secondary Computer Science education. In the view of our proposed approach, we also comment on the role of programming in secondary education.	Braided teaching in secondary CS education: contexts, continuity, and the role of programming	NA:NA	2010
Alan Garvey	This paper discusses the use of writing as a teaching approach for an upper level computer science course. In describing my experiences, I hope to encourage those schools/teachers who are considering incorporating writing into such a course. Many different kinds of writing are compared and contrasted. Attention is paid to practicalities of the writing process and of the demands made of faculty in these writing-based courses.	Writing in an upper-level CS course	NA	2010
Boleslaw Mikolajczak	NA	Session details: Concurrency	NA	2010
Suzanne Rivoire	The technique of scaling hardware performance through increasing the number of cores on a chip requires programmers to learn to write parallel code that can exploit this hardware. In order to expose students to a variety of multicore programming models, our university offered a breadth-first introduction to multicore and manycore programming for upper-level undergraduates. Our students gained programming experience with three different parallel programming models, two of which are less than five years old and targeted specifically to multicore and manycore computing. Assessments throughout the semester showed that the course gave students a broad base of experience from which they will be able to understand ongoing developments in the field.	A breadth-first course in multicore and manycore programming	NA	2010
Mathias Ricken:Robert Cartwright	Concurrent programming is becoming more important due to the growing dominance of multi-core processors and the prevalence of graphical user interfaces (GUIs). To prepare students for the concurrent future, instructors have begun to address concurrency earlier in their curricula. Unfortunately, test-driven development, which enables students and practitioners to quickly develop reliable single-threaded programs, is not as effective in the domain of concurrent programming. This paper describes how ConcJUnit can simplify the task of writing unit tests for multi-threaded programs, and provides examples that can be used to introduce students to concurrent programming.	Test-first Java concurrency for the classroom	NA:NA	2010
Kim B. Bruce:Andrea Danyluk:Thomas Murtagh	Because of the growing importance of concurrent programming, many people are trying to figure out where in the curriculum to introduce students to concurrency. In this paper we discuss the use of concurrency in an introductory computer science course. This course, which has been taught for ten years, introduces concurrency in the context of event-driven programming. It also makes use of graphics and animations with the support of a library that reduces the syntactic overhead of using these constructs. Students learn to use separate threads in a way that enables them to write programs that match their intuitions of the world. While the separate threads do interact, programs are selected so that race conditions are generally not an issue.	Introducing concurrency in CS 1	NA:NA:NA	2010
Tim Bell	NA	Session details: Middle school issues	NA	2010
Youwen Ouyang:Katherine Hayden	Technology-enhanced science curriculum has potential for introducing fundamental computing concepts to adolescents. iQUEST (investigations for Quality Understanding and Engagement for Students and Teachers) is designed to transform middle school science teachers into advocates for technology being a critical part of student learning. It targets 7th and 8th grade science classrooms that serve high percentages of Hispanic students. To prepare student leaders in iQUEST teachers' classrooms, a group of 24 Hispanic students from project schools were invited to participate in a weeklong technology infused science summer camp. These students would continue on in project classrooms where teachers receive intensive technology training and support over the next year. This paper describes the camp activities and reports how the camp impacted students' aptitude and attitude toward technology and science.	A technology infused science summer camp to prepare student leaders in 8th grade classrooms	NA:NA	2010
Gabriela Marcu:Samuel J. Kaufman:Jaihee Kate Lee:Rebecca W. Black:Paul Dourish:Gillian R. Hayes:Debra J. Richardson	A significant focus in the United States recently has been to increase engagement and interest in STEM curricula, particularly among girls and underrepresented minorities [3]. In this work, we take an approach to teaching and learning that supports flexibility, experimentation, and play with technology. With this approach, we aim to make STEM curricula more comfortable and engaging for all types of children and teens, with a particular emphasis on lower socio-economic status female students. We designed and tested a computing course for middle school girls, and this work resulted in three best practices: hands-on work incorporating creativity through crafts into engineering and computing, the frequent presence of an audience to motivate engagement, and engineering-focused individual roles structuring group work. Pre- and post-surveys and exit interviews revealed significant changes in attitudes and an enthusiasm for engineering projects and careers as a result of participation in the course.	Design and evaluation of a computer science and engineering course for middle school girls	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Ursula Wolz:Meredith Stone:Sarah M. Pulimood:Kim Pearson	To address the critical shortage of students entering computing fields, as well as broaden participation in computing, we present a summer and afterschool program in Interactive Journalism through which middle school students and their teachers develop an appreciation for and competence in computational thinking. We report on the outcomes of our first year in which three middle school language arts teachers, a technology teacher and a guidance counselor collaborate with college faculty to publish a school magazine of the future. Students and their teachers research and conduct interviews to develop news stories that are then presented as story packages with text, video, and procedural animations in Scratch. Results of formal data collection show changes in students' perceptions of what it means to program, as well as their emerging confidence in their ability to design computational solutions and to program.	Computational thinking via interactive journalism in middle school	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Suzanne Buchele	NA	Session details: Pairs & partners	NA	2010
Joshua Sennett:Mark Sherriff	This paper details the results of an investigation into the compatibility of partnered computer science students. The study involved approximately 290 students at the University of Virginia (UVA). This study builds on the work of researchers at North Carolina State University (NCSU). NCSU researchers have conducted a number of studies on the compatibility of pair programmers. We examined many of the factors that the NCSU researchers explored in their studies (including personality type, learning style, skill level, programming self esteem, work ethic, and time management choices) in order to determine whether the conclusions of the research at NCSU also hold true at UVA. Consistent with the NCSU studies, we found that skill level continues to be the most important factor in student compatibility.	Compatibility of partnered students in computer science education	NA:NA	2010
Grant Braught:John MacCormick:Tim Wahls	An analysis of data from 259 CS1 students is performed to compare the performance of students who were paired by demonstrated ability to that of students who were paired randomly or worked alone. The results suggest that when given individual programming tasks to complete, lowest-quartile students who were paired by ability perform better than those who were paired randomly and those who worked alone.	The benefits of pairing by ability	NA:NA:NA	2010
Mindy L. Hart	This paper is an experience report that describes a computer science based workshop titled Are You Smarter than YOUR 5th Grader? and targeted at fourth through sixth grade female students and parents. The novel approach of including parents as a pair programmer with the student is highlighted. Additionally, the paper probes the impact of this workshop and plans for revision and replication of future workshops.	Making contact with the forgotten k-12 influence: are you smarter than your 5th grader?	NA	2010
Mark Guzdial	NA	Session details: Panel	NA	2010
Mark Guzdial:Jane Prey:Lucy Sanders:Heikki Topi:Joseph Urban	NA	Report on the future of computing education summit	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Robert Schnabel	NA	Session details: Special session	NA	2010
Robert Schnabel:Susan Rodger:Mark Stehlik:Chris Stephenson:John White	NA	Surfacing computer science in STEM education	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Daniel D. Garcia	NA	Session details: Special session	NA	2010
Daniel D. Garcia:Colleen M. Lewis:John P. Dougherty:Matthew C. Jadud	Computational Thinking (CT) has been articulated as a "fundamental skill for everyone, not just for computer scientists" [10]. Almost all agree with the lofty goals of the initiative, to teach humanity the ability to see the world through the sharpened eyes of a computer scientist. Others have shared their vision of what CT is, how to pave the way [7], weave it into a curriculum [1, 2, 9], and what the effects might be [8]. However, what does it really mean to be a computational thinker? While it is helpful to see examples that show we're already engaged in CT (e.g., using a backpack is pre-fetching and caching), it is perhaps more valuable to see everyday situations that are transformed when viewed through a computational thinker's trained eyes (e.g., writing dates as YYYY-MM-DD so they'll sort correctly). We hope to present enough examples to satisfy a growing chorus of those who need more grounding, using a unique delivery format. Jeff Foxworthy is a popular and successful stand-up comedian, especially in rural areas of the southern United States [5]. His signature bit is to find subtle aspects of life that are common to "rednecks", a term used to describe "uneducated white farm laborers" (whose neck is red from sunburn) [3]. These observations are never meant to be mean-spirited, are told with acute comic timing, and audiences love them. Here are some of his best [4], using his template: If _____________________________, you might be a redneck! ...you think the last words to the Star Spangled Banner are 'Gentlemen, start your engines'... ...you get stopped by a state trooper, and when he asks you if you have an I.D. and you say, 'Bout what?'... ...you carried a fishing pole into Sea World... We will use a similar template and each of the four "stand up computational thinkers" will riff on observations of life as seen through CT eyes. We hope to provide enough examples that the (mostly CT) audience will feel compelled to join us in an "open mike" format and share their experiences. Whenever possible, we will channel Mr. Foxworthy and aim for the funny bone.	If ____________, you might be a computational thinker!	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Monica McGill	NA	Session details: Games	NA	2010
Alexander Repenning:David Webb:Andri Ioannidou	Game design appears to be a promising approach to interest K-12 students in Computer Science. Unfortunately, balancing motivational and educational concerns is truly challenging. Over a number of years, we have explored how to achieve a functional balance by creating a curriculum that combines increasingly complex game designs, computational thinking patterns and authoring tools. Scalable Game Design is a research project exploring new strategies of how to scale up from after school and summer programs into required curriculum of public schools through game design approaches. The project includes inner city schools, remote rural areas and Native American communities. A requirement checklist of computational thinking tools regarding curriculum, teacher training, standards and authoring tools has been developed and is being tested with thousands of students.	Scalable game design and the development of a checklist for getting computational thinking into public schools	NA:NA:NA	2010
Cinnamon Hillyard:Robin Angotti:Michael Panitz:Kelvin Sung:John Nordlinger:David Goldstein	Despite the proven success of using computer video games as a context for teaching introductory programming (CS1/2) courses, barriers including the lack of adoptable materials, required background expertise (in graphics/games), and institutional acceptance still prevent interested faculty members from experimenting with this approach. The Game-Themed programming Assignment (GTA) modules are designed specifically for these faculty members such that they can selectively pick and choose a subset to experiment with and gradually adopt the materials in their own classes. The design and academic merits of the GTA modules have been verified and presented previously [24]. This paper begins by describing results from GTA workshops for CS1/2 faculty and goes on to detail the results of our year-long project in adopting the GTA modules in classes. In this case, we have demonstrated that introductory programming concepts can be examined, practiced, and learned based on GTA modules when neither the faculty nor the students involved have backgrounds in graphics or games. More importantly, our results showed that it is straightforward to blend the GTA modules into existing classes with minimum alterations. In these ways, the GTA modules are excellent catalysts enabling faculty to begin exploring teaching with game-themed materials.	Game-themed programming assignments for faculty: a case study	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Michael Hewner:Mark Guzdial	Video game development is an attractive career objective for many computer science students. Colleges are starting degree programs and specializations to serve this interest, but faculty may not have an informed idea of what game programming is like or how to advise students interested in the field. This paper describes the results of interviews with developers, managers, and artists at one company to determine what qualifications were most significant when evaluating college hires for jobs in game development. The qualifications we elicited formed the basis of a company-wide survey.	What game developers look for in a new graduate: interviews and surveys at one game company	NA:NA	2010
Hong Lin	NA	Session details: Parallel computing	NA	2010
Robert A. Chesebrough:Ivan Turner	This paper is an experience report describing the interaction between parallel programmers from industry and a select group of 16 high school students and six faculty from a Technical High School during a three-day "Clubhouse Parallel Universe Boot Camp" held summer 2009. Based on observations of what worked, this whitepaper offers next steps for getting parallelism topics taught at the high school level around the country. The paper also explores elements in the area of experimentation and human factors and touches on algorithms taught and languages used at this camp. The paper evaluates role playing exercises and hands-on labs presented by industry parallelism experts. We also explore how this specific group of high school kids responded, and draw some conclusions about next steps based on the teaching experience of the co-authors.	Parallel computing: at the interface of high school and industry	NA:NA	2010
Barry L. Kurtz:Rahman Tashakkori:John J. Helfert:Michael Sage	Closed labs have become a common feature in computer science education because they provide hands-on experience in a supervised setting. Microlabs extend this approach into the lecture format with very short hands-on activities in the "middle of" the lecture. This approach was developed for a modern distributed computing course that integrated all levels of parallelism (multicore, cluster, and grid) into a single course and required a substantial course project that used all these levels. After presenting the current status of our activities, we will discuss future directions that include stand-alone distributed computing modules and a distributed computing repository. This work is supported, in part, by a National Science Foundation grant.	Using microlabs to teach modern distributed computing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Shane Torbert:Uzi Vishkin:Ron Tzur:David J. Ellison	All students at our high school are required to take at least one course in Computer Science prior to their junior year. They are also required to complete a year-long senior project associated with a specific in-house laboratory, one of which is the Computer Systems Lab. To prepare students for this experience the lab offers elective courses at the post-AP Computer Science level. Since the early 1990s one of these electives has focused on parallel computing. The course enrolls approximately 40 students each year for two semesters of instruction. The lead programming language is C and topics include a wide array of industry-standard and experimental tools. Since the 2007-2008 school year we have included a unit on parallel algorithmic thinking (PAT) using the Explicit Multi-Threading (XMT) system. We describe our experiences using this system after self-studying the approach from a publicly available tutorial. Overall, this article provides significant evidence regarding the unique teachability of the XMT PAT approach, and advocates using it broadly in Computer Science education.	Is teaching parallel algorithmic thinking to high school students possible?: one teacher's experience	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
John Dooley	NA	Session details: CS education research I	NA	2010
Michael Stepp:Beth Simon	Academic integrity and cheating are issues of specific importance in computing courses due to the restricted nature of much of our assigned work. Additionally, use of valued pedagogical and professional practices such as pair programming can muddy the waters when it comes to students' understandings and experiences with collaboration. In this study we report on 112 students at the beginning of a second programming course being asked to describe a scenario of student-to-student collaboration that "crosses the line" in terms of what should be allowed in the course. We find that students describe inappropriate acts involving sharing of code and sharing of information, with the former being more prevalent. Additionally, about half of the scenarios include mitigating circumstances that should not affect the propriety of those acts. Finally, when presented with other students' (often vague) scenarios, students have little consensus on whether those reflect appropriate or inappropriate collaborations.	Introductory computing students' conceptions of illegal student-student collaboration	NA:NA	2010
Lynda Thomas:Carol Zander:Anna Eckerdal	Transformational biographies are used to shed light on situations when students have experienced 'surprise.' These biographies are examined in light of a philosophical position that surprise is useful in engendering learning, and, that as educators, we should try and set up situations in which our students experience it more often. The paper reports on a grounded-theory inspired examination of 108 students' transformational biographies for evidence of surprise. Students clearly perceived an 'anomaly or contradiction to a previous belief or understanding' in just under half of them. The paper then goes on to further identify different kinds of surprise and the triggers that caused them and concludes with suggestions for enhancing learning by capitalizing on students' surprise.	Harnessing surprise: tales from students' transformational biographies	NA:NA:NA	2010
Sue Fitzgerald:Brian Hanks:Renée McCauley	This paper describes a process for establishing and maintaining a computer science education research group. Its purpose is to tell the story of one long-standing group, describe the benefits afforded by collaborative research groups and provide advice about how to form such a group. The intended audience is faculty members at teaching-intensive institutions who wish to establish or revive a research program in computer science education. We discuss establishing and maintaining a computer science education research agenda in a teaching-intensive environment.	Collaborative research in computer science education: a case study	NA:NA:NA	2010
Carol Taylor	NA	Session details: K-12 instruction	NA	2010
Seok-Ju Chun:Jungwoo Ryoo	This paper describes a new programming learning system. It consists of a Web-based flowchart application and Light Emitting Diode (LED) display kits. The LED kits produce various animations or static images according to a flow chart. The flowchart tool allows students to manipulate program elements through a Graphical User Interface (GUI). Survey results show that the proposed system makes learning how to program less challenging and more interesting for beginners. Encouraged by these initial findings, the authors are developing a system with add-on features including sensor accessory options and compatibility with well known LEGO® products.	Development and application of a web-based programming learning system with LED display kits	NA:NA	2010
Tom Lauwers:Emily Hamner:Illah Nourbakhsh	Many efforts are being made to improve computer science education in order to address the retention and motivation of students. These efforts rely on the development of educational tools and environments, tools that, when successful, require many years to integrate into the computer science education community. We introduce a strategy that both speeds uptake in the community and improves the chances of the project creating an educationally successful tool. The strategy hinges on creating an initial community of educators before an educational tool is fully mature but at the point at which it becomes usable by teachers. While this is somewhat analogous to the beta-testing communities in software development, our aim is for the community to drive the underlying design in significant ways. Our context is CSbots, a project to develop a robot, software environment, and associated curricula for introductory computer science education. We detail our collaborative outreach effort, which resulted in the concurrent creation of a community of 30 invested educators and a well aligned educational tool ready for broad dissemination.	A strategy for collaborative outreach: lessons from the CSbots project	NA:NA:NA	2010
Stephen Cooper:Wanda Dann:John Harrison	To combat the decline of teaching computing courses in high schools, a plan was created to offer professional development (in both content and pedagogy) to high school computing teachers, and to have college faculty partner with those high school teachers to implement innovative curricula. This paper describes a pilot program that was run in support of an NSF Innovative Technology Experiences for Students and Teachers (ITEST) project that funded this plan of action. Professional development activities were offered during summer 2006 and the resulting curriculum was taught in high school the following academic year (2006-2007).	A k-12 college partnership	NA:NA:NA	2010
Paul Gestwicki	NA	Session details: Panel	NA	2010
Ellen Spertus:Mark L. Chang:Paul Gestwicki:David Wolber	NA	Novel approaches to CS 0 with app inventor for android	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Youwen Ouyang	NA	Session details: Panel	NA	2010
Youwen Ouyang:Ursula Wolz:Susan H. Rodger	NA	Effective delivery of computing curriculum in middle school: challenges and solutions	NA:NA:NA	2010
Owen Astrachan	NA	Session details: Special session	NA	2010
Owen Astrachan:Kathleen Haynie:Chris Stephenson:Lien Diaz:Amy Briggs	NA	Re-imagining the first year of computing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Curtis Hill	NA	Session details: Peers	NA	2010
Scott Turner:Manuel A. Pérez-Quiñones:Stephen Edwards:Joseph Chase	In computer science, students could benefit from exposure to critical programming concepts from multiple perspectives. Peer review is one method to allow students to experience authentic uses of the concepts in a non-programming manner. In this work, we examine the use of the peer review process in early, object-oriented, computer science courses as a way to develop the reviewers' knowledge of object-oriented programming concepts, specifically Abstraction, Decomposition, and Encapsulation. To study these ideas, we used peer review exercises in two CS2 classes at local universities over the course of a semester. Using three groups (one reviewing their peers, one reviewing the instructor, and one completing small design or coding exercises), we measured the students' conceptual understanding throughout the semester with concept maps and the reviews they completed. We found that reviewing helped students learn Decomposition, especially those reviewing the instructor's programs. Overall, peer reviews are a valuable method for teaching Decomposition to CS2 students and can be used as an alternative way to learn object-oriented programming concepts.	Peer review in CS2: conceptual learning	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Benjamin Yu:George Tsiknis:Meghan Allen	Most students see exams as a stressful experience, having crammed as much as they possibly can and hoping that the material they have studied would indeed be on the exams, and the material that they did not have the time to study for, nor understand, would be overlooked by their professors. At the same time, instructors see exams as formal assessments of student learning. Exams are seldom thought of as a learning experience. In this paper, we report our experiences in the use of two-stage exams as a learning experience for the students in two different courses. In a two-stage exam, students write an exam individually, then they rewrite the same exam in collaboration with three or four other students. One of the main objectives is to encourage peer instruction and promote learning even during the exams. Students obtain immediate feedback during the exam, and initial results have shown that this type of exam format produces some positive effects in later assessment.	Turning exams into a learning experience	NA:NA:NA	2010
Beth Simon:Michael Kohanfars:Jeff Lee:Karen Tamayo:Quintin Cutts	Peer Instruction (PI) is a pedagogical technique to increase engagement in lectures. Students answer a multiple choice question (MCQ) typically using clickers (hand-held remote devices with a minimum of 5 option buttons), discuss the question with their peers, and then answer the question again. In physics, PI has years of evidence of increased conceptual learning, as measured by the Force Concept Inventory (FCI)[7]. In this experience report, we describe how PI was applied in CS1 and CS1.5 courses teaching Java. We identify specifics of the standard PI model which were adopted, adapted, or discarded for use in introductory computing, describe the process involved for the instructor, give examples of the types of questions asked of students, report on students' performance in answering these questions, reflect on the value for the instructor, and report the attitudes and opinions of the students. We conclude with observations, advice and suggested improvements.	Experience report: peer instruction in introductory computing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Kelvin Sung	NA	Session details: Scratch	NA	2010
Colleen M. Lewis	This study compares the attitudinal and learning outcomes of sixth grade students programming in either Logo or Scratch. Given proposed affordances of the visual programming language, Scratch, I hypothesized that those students learning Scratch would demonstrate greater competence in interpreting loops and conditional statements and would have more positive attitudes towards programming. However, differences in performance between the two groups appeared only in the greater ability of the students that learned Scratch to interpret conditional statements. Contrary to our hypothesis, we found that students that learned Logo had on average higher confidence in their ability to program and students were no more likely to plan to continue to program after the course or view the learning of topics as difficult if they learned Logo or Scratch.	How programming environment shapes perception, learning and goals: logo vs. scratch	NA	2010
Alex Ruthmann:Jesse M. Heines:Gena R. Greher:Paul Laidler:Charles Saulters, II	This paper discusses our ongoing experiences in developing an interdisciplinary general education course called Sound Thinking that is offered jointly by our Dept. of Computer Science and Dept. of Music. It focuses on the student outcomes we are trying to achieve and the projects we are using to help students realize those outcomes. It explains why we are moving from a web-based environment using HTML and JavaScript to Scratch and discusses the potential for Scratch's "musical live coding" capability to reinforce those concepts even more strongly.	Teaching computational thinking through musical live coding in scratch	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Joel C. Adams	Each July since 2003, the author has directed summer camps that introduce middle school boys and girls to the basic ideas of computer programming. Prior to 2009, the author used Alice 2.0 to introduce object-based computing. In 2009, the author decided to offer these camps using Scratch, primarily to engage repeat campers but also for variety. This paper provides a detailed overview of this outreach, and documents its success at providing middle school girls with a positive, engaging computing experience. It also discusses the merits of Alice and Scratch for such outreach efforts; and the use of these visually oriented programs by students with disabilities, including blind students.	Scratching middle schoolers' creative itch	NA	2010
Zachary Kurmas	NA	Session details: Computer organization	NA	2010
Dino Schweitzer:Jeff Boleng	Stack frames are a fundamental concept in computer science often taught in an operating systems or an assembly language programming course. Computer security courses also rely on an understanding of stack frame concepts when teaching buffer overflow attacks. To assist students in learning the fundamentals of stack frames and related concepts, we have developed an interactive Simple Machine Simulator tool that allows students to step through a C-like language program and watch how memory changes. We have used this tool successfully in various courses to teach different aspects of stack frames and their use. This paper will describe the tool, how it is used to teach stack frame concepts, our experience, and future plans.	A simple machine simulator for teaching stack frames	NA:NA	2010
Stan J. Thomas:Paul M. Whitener	In this paper, we report on our efforts, extending over several years, to provide computer science students experience with a variety of operating system and computing environments. We describe our explorations into the use of virtual machine environments for instructional purposes, explorations that have led to the current multifaceted approach to virtualization. We also demonstrate that implementing a diverse, sophisticated virtual computing environment does not require a large investment in computer hardware, in fact it can lead to a cost saving by extending the useful life of systems and reducing the complexity of system administration.	In the zone: virtual computing on a budget	NA:NA	2010
J. Stanley Warford:Chris Dimpfl	This paper presents a virtual machine simulator with a memory trace facility having two unique features. First, the machine is designed to illustrate the translation from C/C++ to assembly language and from thence to machine language. Instead of the more common memory dump labeled by address, the tracer displays a graphic representation of the cell labeled by its symbol. Second, the simulator displays in real time the growth of the run-time stack on function activation, detects and displays the boundaries of the activation record, and displays all the cells on the run-time stack labeled by symbol. The paper includes download information for the open-source application.	The pep/8 memory tracer: visualizing activation records on the run-time stack	NA:NA	2010
Anna Cavender	NA	Session details: Teaching gems	NA	2010
Aaron Tenenbaum:Gerald Weiss:David Arnow	It is curious but there is widespread misuse of floating-point types to represent monetary amounts in introductory programming classes. This is evident from a survey of popular CS1 textbooks. It is instructive to examine how dollars and cents and other currency values are represented in actual practice and how we can utilize those techniques in computer science education, for both the sake of correctness and to illustrate important general principles. Furthermore, it is particularly interesting to review the history of CS education and determine how this situation came to pass. The interplay between technology, academic cultures and institutional development turns out to be quite significant.	Monetary values: double trouble or dollars and sense?	NA:NA:NA	2010
Darrah P. Chavey	You're teaching elementary sorting techniques, and you would like your students to do a programming assignment that tests their understanding of the ideas. But all of the code for elementary sorting techniques are in the textbook, easily found on the Web, etc. We suggest the use of two "Double Sorting" techniques whose solution is not standardly available, are fairly straight-forward to code, and offer speed improvements over the "straight" sorts. Double Sorting, the idea of processing two chosen elements simultaneously, applies to both Insertion Sort and Selection Sort, with speedups of 33% and 25%, hence are good enough to justify coding, but not good enough to be in Web collections. Code for this can be written in as little as a dozen lines of C++/Java code, and is easily within the reach of introductory students who understand the basic algorithms. In addition, the ideas used for double sorting are natural first steps in understanding how the N2 sorts can be improved towards the N log N sorts that they will study later. For more advanced students, these double sorts also generate good exercises in the analysis of algorithms.	Double sorting: testing their sorting skills	NA	2010
David Ginat	The notions of "as if" and "don't care" are essential notions in computational thinking. The former appears in the reformulation of tasks, reduction between tasks, auxiliary variables, and more. The latter is the core of non-determinism, asynchronous execution, and arbitrary choices in deterministic algorithms. The two notions are not intuitive, and require abstraction. We expect computer science (CS) graduates, who developed computational thinking during their studies, to demonstrate comprehension of these notions. Unfortunately, this may not be the case. In this paper we present a study of CS graduates, which reveals difficulties of limited comprehension and acceptance of these notions. We characterize the difficulties, relate them to cognitive aspects of abstraction, and offer some didactic suggestions.	The baffling CS notions of "as-if" and "don't-care"	NA	2010
Susanne Hambrusch	NA	Session details: Panel	NA	2010
Vicki Allan:Valerie Barr:Dennis Brylow:Susanne Hambrusch	The number of undergraduates entering computer science has declined in recent years. This is paralleled by a drop in the number of high school students taking the CS AP exam and the number of high schools offering computer science courses. The declines come at a time when career opportunities in CS continue to grow and computer science graduates are seen as crucial in building a globally competitive workforce for the 21st century. Efforts aimed at reversing the declining interest in computer science include curriculum revisions at the undergraduate level at many institutions, a re-design of computer science AP courses [1], and the inclusion of computational thinking into disciplines outside computer science [3]. This panel discusses four projects of computer science researchers collaborating with high school teachers on integrating computing and computational thinking into their courses. The majority of the high school teachers involved is teaching science and math courses. They are teaching a diverse group of talented and college-bound students. The goal of all projects is to integrate computing into disciplines represented in the high school curriculum and to raise the awareness of computer science as an exciting and intellectually rewarding field. This panel will outline recent and on-going activities and interaction with high school teachers. Each panelist will describe how he/she got involved and the nature of the interaction. The panelists will talk about their individual projects, outline their visions for future interactions, and how their effort can be replicated by others. The session will briefly describe NSF's RET program which provided teacher support for three of the four projects. The session will then be opened for discussion; the audience will be encouraged to ask questions and contribute additional ideas for the inclusion of computational thinking in high school courses.	Computational thinking in high school courses	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Doug Baldwin	NA	Session details: Panel	NA	2010
Doug Baldwin:Bill Marion:Murali Sitaraman:Cinda Heeren	NA	Some developments in mathematical thinking for computer science education since computing curricula 2001	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Daniel D. Garcia	NA	Session details: Panel	NA	2010
Daniel D. Garcia:Gail Chapman:Orit Hazzan:Maggie Johnson:Leigh Ann Sudol	NA	Rediscovering the passion, beauty, joy, and awe: making computing fun again, part 3	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Lynda Thomas	NA	Session details: Global perspectives	NA	2010
Ming Zhang:Virginia M. Lo	This paper examines the current status of professional computing education for undergraduate majors and fundamental computer education for non-majors in China. We describe the evolution of computing education over the past decade and its role in meeting society's requirements for IT talent, and we discuss developing trends for computing education at China's universities. We conclude with a description of the Computer Science major at Peking University, one of the nation's leading research-based computer science departments.	Undergraduate computer science education in China	NA:NA	2010
Noa Ragonis:Orit Hazzan:Judith Gal-Ezer	This paper focuses on the development and implementation of computer science (CS) teacher preparation programs, which are among the educational and pedagogical challenges faced by those involved in the current development of CS. It presents a survey that reflects the accumulative knowledge gained in Israel over the past twenty years with respect to CS teacher preparation. We explored nine institutes (six universities and three teacher education colleges) that offer CS teacher preparation programs. The survey indicates that while the programs vary in their implementation details, they are all motivated by the unique characteristics of CS, which play a central role in their design. We suggest that this observation further emphasizes the obvious: CS deserves designated CS teacher preparation programs. We therefore hope that this survey will contribute to the community of CS educators in general and to practitioners involved in developing CS teacher preparation programs in particular.	A survey of computer science teacher preparation programs in Israel tells us: computer science deserves a designated high school teacher preparation!	NA:NA:NA	2010
Adnan H. Yahya	Many countries, including those in the developing world, have introduced mandatory Information Technology (IT) courses for high school (HS) students. This was motivated by the importance of IT skills for the general population in view of the widespread use of computers. The HS curriculum is frequently decided upon by university faculty, with university needs very much in mind. A steady shift of introductory college level material to HS curriculum is observed. With all the positive effects of IT HS education, the issue of how to modify the first year computing courses to account for the material transferred to HS had to be addressed. The problem is complicated by the nonuniform adoption of IT education in high schools even within a single country, the varying emphasis on theory vs. practice in HS courses and the differences in the availability of resources at high schools, inadequacy of testing procedures and, in the case of many developing countries, the language of instruction difference between HS and college. Ignoring the HS curriculum when designing college level courses is a waste of resources and may render the college classes boring for many students. Accounting for the HS computing education at the college level may require a suite of placement tests. Even then, it may not be straightforward to figure out how to modify each of the introductory college courses to account for the HS material. On the example of the completely revamped IT education in Palestinian schools, which introduced mandatory technology education for grades 5-12 for all HS students, we discuss the dilemma of how to account for the HS IT knowledge and skills at the college level, especially the way this should affect the first computing courses at the college level, which has been a topic of debate in the last years.	The inteaction between high school curriculum and first year college courses: the case of computing	NA	2010
Sarah Douglas:Art Farley:Ginnie Lo:Andrzej Proskurowski:Michal Young	Internationalization of computer science education involves incorporating awareness, knowledge and skills of professional life in a global environment. Through an NSF CPATH1 grant we have established a Pacific Rim community of computer science departments, high tech industry and international programs exploring a new model of computer science education that focuses on the knowledge, skills and competencies necessary for professional success and leadership in a global context. This paper describes our progress in building an international community of computer science educators, as well as our efforts in curricular innovation and establishment of international summer schools. Internationalization of computer science education will help attract the best and brightest students and broaden the appeal of computer science to a much more diverse population. Computer science will be seen as a pathway to a career not in an isolated cubicle but in the wide-open world.	Internationalization of computer science education	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Kimberly Voll	NA	Session details: CS education research II	NA	2010
Jennifer Parham:Leo Gugerty:D. E. Stevenson	We describe the second phase of an ongoing study whose aims are to explore how computer science students solve problems and to understand the relationship between metacognition and schemata. This research uses verbal protocols from computer science students, and based on the analysis of their transcripts, empirical evidence supports metacognition as a significant role in computer science problem solving. For the problem solved in this research, the students reveal a pattern in their interactions between metacognitive processes and the domain-specific strategies used to develop a program.	Empirical evidence for the existence and uses of metacognition in computer science problem solving	NA:NA:NA	2010
Paul Denny:Brian Hanks:Beth Simon	PeerWise is a collaborative web-based system that engages students in the creation and evaluation of a test bank of multiple-choice questions. Previous studies involving two large CS1 courses in New Zealand have provided preliminary evidence that PeerWise usage is positively correlated with exam performance. In addition, it was reported that the student generated assessment questions were mostly free from errors and were clearly written, and the students appeared to positively value the system. Here we report on the first use of PeerWise in a CS1.5 course (second programming course) in the United States. Although the usage model was modified slightly to accommodate pedagogical factors, we highlight similar positive outcomes to those observed in New Zealand. Of particular note, students who were most active using PeerWise improved their rank in class relative to their peers who were less active.	Peerwise: replication study of a student-collaborative self-testing web service in a u.s. setting	NA:NA:NA	2010
Timothy T. Yuen:Min Liu	This paper discusses a cognitive study of how interactive multimedia authoring (IMA) affects novice computer science students' conceptual understanding of object-oriented programming (OOP). In this study, interactive multimedia authoring refers to the construction of a role-playing game using a game template developed with Adobe Flash CS3 and ActionScript 2.0. Three cognitive processes of disequilibrium, exploration, and awareness were observed in this study, which aided the transformation of students' understanding of OOP through interactive multimedia authoring.	How interactive multimedia authoring transforms object-oriented thinking	NA:NA	2010
Quintin Cutts:Emily Cutts:Stephen Draper:Patrick O'Donnell:Peter Saffrey	Introductory programming classes are renowned for their high dropout rates. The authors propose that this is because students learn to adopt a fixed mindset towards programming. This paper reports on a study carried out with an introductory programming class, based on Dweck's mindset research. Combinations of three interventions were carried out: tutors taught mindset to students; growth mindset feedback messages were given to students on their work; and, when stuck, students were encouraged to use a crib sheet with pathways to solve problems. The study found that the mixture of teaching mindset and giving mindset messages on returned work resulted in a significant change in mindset and a corresponding significant change in test scores - improvements in test scores were found in a class test given immediately after the six-week intervention and at the end-of-year exam. The authors discuss the results and the strengths and weaknesses of the study.	Manipulating mindset to positively influence introductory programming performance	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Adrian German	NA	Session details: Assessment	NA	2010
Leigh Ann Sudol:Cassandra Studer	As professional educators we produce a large number of assessments for our students to complete. These assessments or exams are often evaluated informally based upon student feedback and simple measures such as average score on a question. This paper highlights another more rigorous approach to item evaluation, and presents an evaluation of several items from an assessment as examples of the type of information that Item Response Theory can provide.	Analyzing test items: using item response theory to validate assessments	NA:NA	2010
Alex Gerdes:Johan T. Jeuring:Bastiaan J. Heeren	Programming exercise assessment tools alleviate the task of teachers, and increase consistency of markings. Many programming exercise assessment tools are based on testing. A test-based assessment tool for programming exercises cannot ensure that a solution is correct. Moreover, it is difficult to test if a student has used good programming practices. This is unfortunate, because teachers want students to adopt good programming techniques. We propose to use strategies, in combination with program transformations, as a foundation for functional programming exercise assessment. Expert knowledge, in the form of model solutions, can be expressed as programming strategies. Using these strategies we can guarantee that a student program is equivalent to a model solution, and we can report which solution strategy has been used to solve the programming problem.	Using strategies for assessment of programming exercises	NA:NA:NA	2010
Daniel Heersink:Barbara M. Moskal	Many projects throughout the United States are underway that seek to increase the appeal of technology as a field of study. To better understand the impacts of such projects, validated instruments are needed which measure students' attitudes and beliefs in both computer science and information technology. This paper describes the development and validation of two assessment instruments. One measures attitudes and beliefs about computer science; the other measures attitudes and beliefs about information technology. The questions that comprise these instruments are identical with the exception of the use of the terms "computer science" and "information technology". Both instruments sought to measure five constructs: confidence, interest, gender, usefulness, and professional. Based on the results of factor analyses, high school students are able to distinguish among these constructs in computer science but not in information technology. This raises questions as to what high school students understand about field of information technology	Measuring high school students' attitudes toward computing	NA:NA	2010
Legand L. Burge:Ronald J. Leach	In this paper we describe a tool developed as part of the assessment process used at our university. The tool allows the automatic determination of the degree to which individual students meet the learning objectives that indicate how well students meet both course objectives and program directives. We also describe a portion of our assessment process that helps us perform the difficult step of "closing the loop" to make sure that the results of our data analysis are used to insure continuous program improvement.	An advanced assessment tool and process	NA:NA	2010
Roy Pargas	NA	Session details: Supporting student learning	NA	2010
James B. Fenwick, Jr.:Cindy Norris:Andrew R. Dalton:William Kreahling	Assessment of student learning through tests, or examinations, is one of those necessary evils. No one seems to enjoy it, but everyone admits the necessity of it. Reducing student anxiety and frustration is an important activity to obtain a meaningful assessment of their learning. A common way for teachers to help students prepare is with a review session. This paper describes a structured review technique that actively engages every student in a multisensory way, requires little work on the part of the instructor, and is both entertaining and fun. Most important, this paper describes an empirical study that demonstrates the dramatic efficacy of the technique.	24/7 lectures as an exam review technique	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Kristy Elizabeth Boyer:William Lahti:Robert Phillips:Michael D. Wallis:Mladen A. Vouk:James C. Lester	Using effective teaching practices is a high priority for educators. One important pedagogical skill for computer science instructors is asking effective questions. This paper presents a set of instructional principles for effective question asking during guided problem solving. We illustrate these principles with results from classifying the questions that untrained human tutors asked while working with students solving an introductory programming problem. We contextualize the findings from the question classification study with principles found within the relevant literature. The results highlight ways that instructors can ask questions to 1) facilitate students' comprehension and decomposition of a problem, 2) encourage planning a solution before implementation, 3) promote self-explanations, and 4) reveal gaps or misconceptions in knowledge. These principles can help computer science educators ask more effective questions in a variety of instructional settings.	Principles of asking effective questions during student problem solving	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Ketrina Yim:Daniel D. Garcia:Sally Ahn	Computer Science Illustrated1 is an endeavor to help visual learners comprehend computer science topics through a series of resolution-independent illustrations, which are made available online for use as handouts in class and posters in the computer labs. These illustrations are designed to present concepts as engaging and memorable visual metaphors combined with concise explanations or short narratives, intended to maintain the students' interest and facilitate retention. An additional goal of the project is to make learning the concepts an entertaining experience through the use of colorful and whimsical characters in the illustrations. In producing our twenty-seven illustrations, we determined which topics were most difficult for students to understand in our university's introductory computer science courses and followed a step-by-step process of design, redesign, and revision to generate our illustrations. We also assessed the effectiveness of our creations, using both subjective and objective measures.	Computer science illustrated: engaging visual aids for computer science education	NA:NA:NA	2010
Martin C. Carlisle	We provided 21 short YouTube videos for an Introduction to Programming in Java course. Students were surveyed on how often they watched the videos and did the readings, and how much these activites contributed to their learning. When professors reduced lecture time and increased lab time, students watched videos and read significantly more. Their test scores were at least as high and they indicated they would prefer to not have more lecture. The YouTube videos also provided a source of outreach for the university, drawing a large number of views, including the 13-17 year-old demographic.	Using You Tube to enhance student class preparation in an introductory Java course	NA	2010
Clifford A. Shaffer	NA	Session details: Special session	NA	2010
Clifford A. Shaffer:Thomas L. Naps:Susan H. Rodger:Stephen H. Edwards	NA	Building an online educational community for algorithm visualization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Paul Tymann	NA	Session details: Special session	NA	2010
Karen Donathan:Paul Tymann	Every year, for the past 10 years, more than 10,000 students have taken the Advanced Placement Computer Science exam (AP CS). The free response section of the AP CS exam is manually scored by a group of about 100-150 high school and college faculty referred to as readers. The exams are scored accurately and consistently even though thousands of exams are being scored by dozens of readers. This accuracy is due in large part to the rubrics that are developed to score the exams. Rubrics not only improve the consistency and speed at which exams can be scored, they also can be used to communicate expectations to students. This special session will discuss how to develop a rubric, show how they are used in the AP CS scoring process and illustrate how rubrics can be used to convey expectations to students.	The development and use of scoring rubrics: (or how to grade thousands of exams without losing your mind)	NA:NA	2010
Nick Parlante	NA	Session details: Special session	NA	2010
Nick Parlante:Julie Zelenski:Zachary Dodds:Wynn Vonnegut:David J. Malan:Thomas P. Murtagh:Todd W. Neller:Mark Sherriff:Daniel Zingaro	NA	Nifty assignments	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Weiqing Sun	NA	Session details: Operating systems	NA	2010
Oren Laadan:Jason Nieh:Nicolas Viennot	Students learn more through hands-on project experience for computer science courses such as operating systems, but providing the infrastructure support for a large class to learn by doing can be hard. To address this issue, we introduce a new approach to managing and grading operating system homework assignments based on virtual appliances, a distributed version control system, and live demonstrations. Our solution is easy to deploy and use with students' personal computers, and obviates the need to provide a computer laboratory for teaching purposes. It supports the most demanding course projects, such as those that involve operating system kernel development, and can be used by both on-campus and remote distance learning students even with intermittent network connectivity. Our experiences deploying and using this solution to teach operating systems at Columbia University show that it is easier to use, more flexible, and more pedagogically effective than other approaches.	Teaching operating systems using virtual appliances and distributed version control	NA:NA:NA	2010
Rob Hess:Paul Paulson	In this paper, we present a series of programming projects based on the Linux kernel for students in a senior-level undergraduate operating systems course. The projects we describe cover several key operating systems concepts, including process scheduling, I/O scheduling, memory management, and device drivers. In addition, we assess these projects along several dimensions, from their difficulty to their capacity to help students understand operating systems concepts, based on six terms (three years) of detailed student exit surveys along with observations and anecdotal evidence. Through this assessment, we conclude that our Linux-based projects are an effective means by which to teach operating systems concepts and, additionally, that students' response to these projects is overwhelmingly positive.	Linux kernel projects for an undergraduate operating systems course	NA:NA	2010
Alexander Schmidt:Andreas Polze:Dave Probert	When studying operating systems, students need to understand user-mode system interfaces (U), they need to learn about tools to monitor and measure OS behavior (M), and they finally should understand central implementation details of the OS kernel (K). Following the UMK approach, even complex projects such as modifying the memory management inside the Windows kernel can be carried out in an undergraduate OS curriculum. Here we concentrate on the kernel- and measurement part and present the Abstract Memory Management (AMM) project. AMM provides a framework for modifying the working set management in Windows while still hiding many implementation details of the kernel. AMM has been used in OS courses at U of Washington Bothell and HPI/U of Potsdam, Germany, with very good results. The AMM lab - together with other labs - is based on the Windows Research Kernel (WRK) as available in source from Microsoft. These labs complement our previously developed Curriculum Resource Kit (CRK) and are available for download.	Teaching operating systems: windows kernel projects	NA:NA:NA	2010
Salvador Garcia-Martinez	NA	Session details: Active learning	NA	2010
Ana Paula L. Ambrósio:Fábio M. Costa	The introductory undergraduate course on Algorithms and Computer Programming, commonly known as CS1, has always presented a challenge when considering student failure and drop out rates. Despite this, it is acknowledged that this is a foundational course for a large part of the CS curriculum. In this paper we present the results of a project that combines the use of mobile, pen-based, computing technology and Problem-Based Learning in the redesign of an introductory computer programming course. The course redesign focused on the integrated use of tablet PCs to assist in the several activities involved in the use of the PBL method in the classroom. The results show a promising future for the methodology, also pointing to the need for some important adaptations in order to make its use more effective to teach and learn this particular discipline.	Evaluating the impact of PBL and tablet PCs in an algorithms and computer programming course	NA:NA	2010
Christopher Hundhausen:Anukrati Agrawal:Dana Fairbrother:Michael Trevisan	Given the increasing importance of communication, teamwork, and critical thinking skills in the computing profession, we believe there is good reason to provide students with increased opportunities to learn and practice those skills in undergraduate computing courses. Toward that end, we have been exploring studio-based instructional methods, which have been successfully employed in architecture and fine arts education for over a century. We have developed an adaptation of studio-based instruction for computing education called the pedagogical code review, which is modeled after the code inspection process used in the software industry. To evaluate its effectiveness, we carried out a quasi-experimental comparison of a "studio-based" CS 1 course with pedagogical code reviews and an identical "traditional" CS 1 course without pedagogical code reviews. We found no learning outcome differences between the two courses; however, we did observe two interesting attitudinal trends: (a) self-efficacy decreased more in the traditional course than in the studio-based course; and (b) peer learning decreased in the traditional course, but increased in the studio-based course. Additional questionnaire and interview data provide further evidence of the positive impact of studio-based instruction.	Does studio-based instruction work in CS 1?: an empirical comparison with a traditional approach	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Dean Hendrix:Lakshman Myneni:Hari Narayanan:Margaret Ross	This paper presents an experience in designing, implementing, and evaluating a studio-based learning model for CS2. Adapted from architecture and art education, as well as from collaborative problem-solving pedagogies, studio-based learning has shown great promise for computing education. Key elements of studio-based learning include exploring multiple solutions to a problem, justifying the choice of one solution, and being subject to, as well as providing, peer reviews. We describe the design, implementation, and revision of a studio model for CS2, and then present the results of an evaluation of the model when compared to traditional instruction in CS2.	Implementing studio-based learning in CS2	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Ariel Ortiz	NA	Session details: Programming language issues	NA	2010
James T. Streib:Takako Soma	Organick, Forsythe, and Plummer extensively used contour diagrams to illustrate the semantics of procedural and functional programming languages. However, many of the benefits of contour diagrams can still be utilized in explaining the semantics of object-oriented languages and is evident in the software JIVE created by Gestwicki and Jayaraman. This paper illustrates the use of both contour diagrams and JIVE to help students understand passing objects via parameters, returning objects from methods, comparing objects, and using inheritance in the Java programming language. The results from a small informal survey are included. This paper is useful to those teaching Java in a first-year computer science sequence.	Using contour diagrams and JIVE to illustrate object-oriented semantics in the Java programming language	NA:NA	2010
Paolo A.G. Sivilotti:Matthew Lang	Abstraction is a critical concept that underlies many topics in computing science. For example, in software engineering, the distinction between a component's behavior and its implementation is fundamental. Java provides two constructs that correspond to precisely this distinction: A Java interface is a client's abstract view of a component's behavior, while a class is a concrete implementation of that same component. We have developed a course that introduces Java while following a discipline of diligently decomposing every component into these two separate linguistic elements. In this course, interfaces are given the same prominence as classes since both are needed for a complete component. This approach is helpful to students by providing: (i) a clear manifestation of the role of abstraction in software systems, and (ii) a framework that naturally motivates many good coding practices adopted by professional programmers.	Interfaces first (and foremost) with Java	NA:NA	2010
Richard J. Enbody:William F. Punch	If you change the CS1 language to Python, what is the impact on the rest of the curriculum? In earlier work we examined the impact of changing CS1 from C++ to Python while leaving CS2 in C++. We found that Python-prepared CS1 students fared no differently in CS2 than students whose CS1 course was in C++, even though CS2 was taught in C++ and covered the same topics as in previous years. Was that an anomaly? What happens in the next tier of courses? When our CS1 was first changed to Python there were many students who had taken CS1 in C++ still in the system. The result is that there is a cadre of students with either CS1 in Python or CS1 in C++ moving together through our curriculum. This one-time occurrence is an opportunity to study the students with many variables fixed. Our next tier of courses is a C-based computer organization course, a C++ based object-oriented software design course, and a data structures course. We found that the students who started with Python fared as well as the CS1 C++ students. As before, the best predictor of performance was their college GPA. Python versus C++ CS1 preparation was not a predictor of performance in any course. We conclude again that in our C++ based curriculum changing CS1 to Python had no negative impact on student performance and did not require any significant change in those subsequent courses.	Performance of python CS1 students in mid-level non-python CS courses	NA:NA	2010
Phillip Barry	NA	Session details: Computing for the social good	NA	2010
Yu Cai	In the past few years sustainability and green computing have received tremendous interest across the world. Computing plays a critical role in our society, thus it has a special responsibility for sustainability and green movement. In this paper, we advocate sustainability integration into undergraduate computing education. We present three sustainability integration strategies, our efforts to develop a green computing course and learning modules, and course evaluation. We believe that sustainability integration will help prepare our graduates with computing competencies, multi-disciplinary knowledge, and computational thinking to create a sustainable future.	Integrating sustainability into undergraduate computing education	NA	2010
Richard J. Anderson:Ruth E. Anderson:Gaetano Borriello:Joyojeet Pal	Applying information and communication technologies to development (ICTD) is emerging as an interesting and motivating research area in computer science and engineering. It spans application areas from healthcare to transportation, and requires the use of computing skills from networking to user interface design. Addressing problems of developing regions and under-served communities lets students explore a different part of the ICT design space, leading to new implementation and research questions. ICTD is also an area that has the potential to excite students about the CSE field more generally, with its emphasis on enabling social benefits with technology, and is rich in possibilities for interesting student projects. In this paper we report on two offerings of a course at the University of Washington that introduce students to the field by way of 1) reading papers from literature in the area to gain exposure to this very different design mindset and 2) doing practical projects that engage students in engineering problems under unique design constraints. Our hope is that CSE educators may find our experiences useful in identifying an approach to integrating the field of ICTD into their curricula.	An approach to integrating ICTD projects into an undergraduate curriculum	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Archana Chidanandan:Lori Russell-Dag:Cary Laxer:Reyyan Ayfer	In this paper, we describe a collaborative course experience between students from universities in the USA and Turkey. Student teams worked together on a software engineering project for a non-profit organization based in Turkey. The students learned valuable skills in team-work, collaboration-facilitating software tools and working with peers from a different culture and a different time-zone. At the end of the course, in a focus group, students were asked for feedback regarding the course and its outcomes. In this paper, we describe the course from the student perspective. From this, and the instructor's experiences we provide a list of guidelines.	In their words: student feedback on an international project collaboration	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Paul Gestwicki	NA	Session details: CS-1 issues	NA	2010
Amruth N. Kumar	The majority of earlier studies have found no positive effect of closed labs on student performance or retention in Computer Science I. Since these studies used written tests to assess student performance, their results may have been affected by a mismatch between what was taught in closed labs and what was assessed in the written test. On the other hand, online tests that involve writing and debugging programs assess the very knowledge and skills taught in closed labs. So, we conducted a study to evaluate the effect of closed labs on student performance and retention when they are combined with online testing in the course. We found that even with online testing, closed labs did not significantly affect either the total score of the students in the course or retention in the course. On the other hand, students with closed or even optional labs scored significantly better on their online first test than students with open labs scored on their written first test. Since this is in spite of the fact that online tests are more stressful to students than written tests, closed labs helped students prepare for online tests. Closed labs, when combined with online testing, helped significantly improve the course performance of above-average students. Finally, there was significant and large correlation between Math SAT score and student performance in Computer Science I.	Closed labs in computer science I revisited in the context of online testing	NA	2010
Lijun Ni:Tom McKlin:Mark Guzdial	This paper presents the findings of an exploratory, qualitative study revealing computing instructors' experience in adopting curriculum innovations. We interviewed eight instructors a year after they attended workshops on several innovative introductory Computer Science (intro CS) courses at undergraduate level. The interview was designed to elicit the extent to which instructors had adopted or adapted what they learned from the workshops, and what drove or prevented their efforts to make curriculum change. The results of this study reveal that the adoption and adaptation of computing curriculum innovations in new situations may involve systemic change affecting instructors, departments and institutions as a whole. The findings of this study suggest a list of questions that a computing instructor might ask before committing to a new innovation. We also consider implications of this study for disseminating computing education innovations.	How do computing faculty adopt curriculum innovations?: the story from instructors	NA:NA:NA	2010
Daniel L. Schuster	Computer game programming has been adopted by some instructors and schools in an effort to motivate students and make the learning more relevant to the student's world than the console programs many of their instructors learned with. This paper describes the author's experience teaching CS1 using the ACM Java library to write arcade game programs. An online book, the Free Java Book, has been written to support this approach. Experience over the last two years teaching with this approach will be shared and the book will be described.	CS1, arcade games and the free Java book	NA	2010
J. McGrath Cohoon	NA	Session details: Panel	NA	2010
J. McGrath Cohoon:Leisa D. Thompson:Jennifer J. Goodall:Rebecca L. Dohrman:Elizabeth Litzler	NA	Consultants on systemic reform for gender balance	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Guy-Alain Amoussou	NA	Session details: Special session	NA	2010
Guy-Alain Amoussou:Myles Boylan:Joan Peckham	This session will be conducted by panelists who have carried out funded interdisciplinary research and education, and who have funded and managed interdisciplinary programs. They will provide an opportunity for computing educators to engage in a conversation to assess what is needed to better educate the next generation of students to participate and contribute actively in resolving emerging and future interdisciplinary challenges. Many of the computing education discussions have recently been around "computational thinking" and how this might prepare students in all disciplines, including computing, to formulate and solve problems with other disciplinary partners. The difficult question is how to prepare students to engage in these activities without eroding the depth that is also needed to tackle the deepest and most difficult problems.	Interdisciplinary computing education for the challenges of the future	NA:NA:NA	2010
Robert McCartney	NA	Session details: Special session	NA	2010
Jonas Boustedt:Robert McCartney:Josh Tenenberg:Edward F. Gehringer:Raymond Lister:Dave Musicant	NA	It seemed like a good idea at the time	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Gary Lewandowski	NA	Session details: Keynote address	NA	2010
