Janet C. Read	NA	Session details: EPIC #FAIL	NA	2010
Edward Lank:Ryan Stedman:Michael Terry	Both handwriting recognition systems and their users are error prone. Handwriting recognizers make recognition errors, and users may miss those errors when verifying output. As a result, it is common for recognized documents to contain residual errors. Unfortunately, in some application domains (e.g. health informatics), tolerance for residual errors in recognized handwriting may be very low, and a desire might exist to maximize user accuracy during verification. In this paper, we present a technique that allows us to measure the performance of a user verifying recognizer output. We inject artificial errors into a set of recognized handwritten forms and show that the rate of injected errors and recognition errors caught is highly correlated in real time. Systems supporting user verification can make use of this measure of user accuracy in a variety of ways. For example, they can force users to slow down or can highlight injected errors that were missed, thus encouraging users to take more care.	Estimating residual error rate in recognized handwritten documents using artificial error injection	NA:NA:NA	2010
Ahmed Sabbir Arif:Wolfgang Stuerzlinger	Researchers have developed many models to predict and understand human performance in text entry. Most of the models are specific to a technology or fail to account for human factors and variations in system parameters, and the relationship between them. Moreover, the process of fixing errors and its effects on text entry performance has not been studied. Here, we first analyze real-life text entry error correction behaviors. We then use our findings to develop a new model to predict the cost of error correction for character-based text entry technologies. We validate our model against quantities derived from the literature, as well as with a user study. Our study shows that the predicted and observed cost of error correction correspond well. At the end, we discuss potential applications of our new model.	Predicting the cost of error correction in character-based text entry technologies	NA:NA	2010
Jingtao Wang:Shumin Zhai:John Canny	Dictionary-based disambiguation (DBD) is a very popular solution for text entry on mobile phone keypads but suffers from two problems: 1. the resolution of encoding collision (two or more words sharing the same numeric key sequence) and 2. entering out-of-vocabulary (OOV) words. In this paper, we present SHRIMP, a system and method that addresses these two problems by integrating DBD with camera based motion sensing that enables the user to express preference through a tilting or movement gesture. SHRIMP (Small Handheld Rapid Input with Motion and Prediction) runs on camera phones equipped with a standard 12-key keypad. SHRIMP maintains the speed advantage of DBD driven predictive text input while enabling the user to overcome DBD collision and OOV problems seamlessly without even a mode switch. An initial empirical study demonstrates that SHRIMP can be learned very quickly, performed immediately faster than MultiTap and handled OOV words more efficiently than DBD.	SHRIMP: solving collision and out of vocabulary problems in mobile predictive input with motion gesture	NA:NA:NA	2010
Gene Golovchinsky	NA	Session details: Exploratory search	NA	2010
Joseph Lawrance:Margaret Burnett:Rachel Bellamy:Christopher Bogart:Calvin Swart	Information foraging models have predicted the navigation paths of people browsing the web and (more recently) of programmers while debugging, but these models do not explicitly model users' goals evolving over time. We present a new information foraging model called PFIS2 that does model information seeking with potentially evolving goals. We then evaluated variants of this model in a field study that analyzed programmers' daily navigations over a seven-month period. Our results were that PFIS2 predicted users' navigation remarkably well, even though the goals of navigation, and even the information landscape itself, were changing markedly during the pursuit of information.	Reactive information foraging for evolving goals	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Anne Aula:Rehan M. Khan:Zhiwei Guan	Search engines make it easy to check facts online, but finding some specific kinds of information sometimes proves to be difficult. We studied the behavioral signals that suggest that a user is having trouble in a search task. First, we ran a lab study with 23 users to gain a preliminary understanding on how users' behavior changes when they struggle finding the information they're looking for. The observations were then tested with 179 participants who all completed an average of 22.3 tasks from a pool of 100 tasks. The large-scale study provided quantitative support for our qualitative observations from the lab study. When having difficulty in finding information, users start to formulate more diverse queries, they use advanced operators more, and they spend a longer time on the search result page as compared to the successful tasks. The results complement the existing body of research focusing on successful search strategies.	How does search behavior change as search becomes more difficult?	NA:NA:NA	2010
Diane Kelly:Amber Cushing:Maureen Dostert:Xi Niu:Karl Gyllstrom	Many search systems provide users with recommended queries during online information seeking. Although usage statistics are often used to recommend queries, this information is usually not displayed to the user. In this study, we investigate how the presentation of this information impacts use of query suggestions. Twenty-three subjects used an experimental search system to find documents about four topics. Eight query suggestions were provided for each topic: four were high quality queries and four were low quality queries. Fake usage information indicating how many other people used the queries was also provided. For half the queries this information was high and for the other half this information was low. Results showed that subjects could distinguish between high and low quality queries and were not influenced by the usage information. Qualitative data revealed that subjects felt favorable about the suggestions, but the usage information was less important for the search task used in this study.	Effects of popularity and quality on the usage of query suggestions during information search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Niklas Elmqvist	NA	Session details: Making meaning in large displays	NA	2010
Christopher Andrews:Alex Endert:Chris North	Space supports human cognitive abilities in a myriad of ways. The note attached to the side of the monitor, the papers spread out on the desk, diagrams scrawled on a whiteboard, and even the keys left out on the counter are all examples of using space to recall, reveal relationships, and think. Technological advances have made it possible to construct large display environments in which space has real meaning. This paper examines how increased space affects the way displays are regarded and used within the context of the cognitively demanding task of sensemaking. A pair of studies were conducted demonstrating how the spatial environment supports sensemaking by becoming part of the distributed cognitive process, providing both external memory and a semantic layer.	Space to think: large high-resolution displays for sensemaking	NA:NA:NA	2010
Xiaojun Bi:Seok-Hyung Bae:Ravin Balakrishnan	Tiled-monitor large displays are widely used in various application domains. However, how their interior bezels affect user performance and behavior has not been fully understood. We conducted three controlled experiments to investigate effects of tiled-monitor interior bezels on visual search, straight-tunnel steering, and target selection tasks. The conclusions of our paper are: 1) interior bezels do not affect visual search time nor error rate; however, splitting objects across bezels is detrimental to search accuracy, 2) interior bezels are detrimental to straight-tunnel steering, but not to target selection. In addition, we discuss how inte-rior bezels affect user behaviors, and suggest guidelines for effectively using tiled-monitor large displays and designing user interfaces suited to them.	Effects of interior bezels of tiled-monitor large displays on visual search, tunnel steering, and target selection	NA:NA:NA	2010
Stacy Branham:Gene Golovchinsky:Scott Carter:Jacob T. Biehl	The use of whiteboards is pervasive across a wide range of work domains. But some of the qualities that make them successful--an intuitive interface, physical working space, and easy erasure--inherently make them poor tools for archival and reuse. If whiteboard content could be made available in times and spaces beyond those supported by the whiteboard alone, how might it be appropriated? We explore this question via ReBoard, a system that automatically captures whiteboard images and makes them accessible through a novel set of user-centered access tools. Through the lens of a seven week workplace field study, we found that by enabling new workflows, ReBoard increased the value of whiteboard content for collaboration.	Let's go from the whiteboard: supporting transitions in work through whiteboard capture and reuse	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Mary Czerwinski	NA	Session details: Multitasking	NA	2010
Dario D. Salvucci:Peter Bogunovich	Recent research has found that forced interruptions at points of higher mental workload are more disruptive than at points of lower workload. This paper investigates a complementary idea: when users experience deferrable interruptions at points of higher workload, they may tend to defer processing of the interruption until times of lower workload. In an experiment, users performed a mail-browser primary task while being occasionally interrupted by a secondary chat task, evenly distributed between points of higher and lower workload. Analysis showed that 94% of the time, users switched to the interrupting task during periods of lower workload, versus only 6% during periods of higher workload. The results suggest that when interruptions can be deferred, users have a strong tendency to ''monotask'' until primary-task mental workload has been minimized.	Multitasking and monotasking: the effects of mental workload on deferred task interruptions	NA:NA	2010
Dario D. Salvucci	Theoretical accounts of task resumption after interruption have almost exclusively argued for resumption as a primarily memory-based process. In contrast, for many task domains, resumption can more accurately be represented in terms of a process of reconstruction-perceptual re-encoding of the information necessary to perform the task. This paper discusses a theoretical, computational framework in which one can represent these reconstruction processes and account for aspects of performance, such as measures of resumption lag. The paper also describes computational models of two sample task domains that illustrate the sometimes complex relationship between reconstruction and more general human cognitive, perceptual, and motor processes.	On reconstruction of task context after interruption	NA	2010
Chris Parnin:Robert DeLine	Developers, like all modern knowledge workers, are frequently interrupted and blocked in their tasks. In this paper we present a contextual inquiry into developers' current strategies for resuming interrupted tasks and investigate the effect of automated cues on improving task resumption. We surveyed 371 programmers on the nature of their tasks, interruptions, task suspension and resumption strategies and found that they rely heavily on note-taking across several types of media. We then ran a controlled lab study to compare the effects of two different automated cues to note taking when resuming interrupted programming tasks. The two cues differed in (1) whether activities were summarized in aggregate or presented chronologically and (2) whether activities were presented as program symbols or as code snippets. Both cues performed well: developers using either cue completed their tasks with twice the success rate as those using note-taking alone. Despite the similar performance of the cues, developers strongly preferred the cue that presents activities chronologically as code snippets.	Evaluating cues for resuming interrupted programming tasks	NA:NA	2010
Qing Wang:Huiyou Chang	This paper clarifies two common patterns of multitasking on the Web, namely Multiple Tasks (MT) and Multiple Session Task (MST). To support both of these, the task concept needs to be introduced into a browser. An online pilot survey has revealed which attributes of the task concept are most significant to Web users and as a result a simple prototype, the Multitasking Bar (MB), is proposed based on these findings. The MB copes with the multitasking needs of both MT and MST in the browser by providing functions for task related Web page management and task schedule management. A two-session controlled experiment has been conducted to evaluate the MB and to compare user performance and experience when multitasking on the Web with and without support for MT and MST. Results show that support for both MST and MT significantly improves user task performance efficiency and greatly enhances the user experience when multitasking on the Web.	Multitasking bar: prototype and evaluation of introducing the task concept into a browser	NA:NA	2010
Amy Bruckman	NA	Session details: Organizations and communities	NA	2010
Christopher A. Le Dantec:W. Keith Edwards	The use of ICTs in the public sector has long been touted for its potential to transform the institutions that govern and provide social services. The focus, however, has largely been on systems that are used within particular scales of the public sector, such as at the scale of state or national government, the scale of regional or municipal entity, or at the scale of local service providers. The work presented here takes aim at examining ICT use that crosses these scales of influence and accountability. We report on a year long ethnographic investigation conducted at a variety of social service outlets to understand how a shared information system crosses the boundaries of these very distinct organizations. We put forward that such systems are central to the work done in the public sector and represent a class of collaborative work that has gone understudied.	Across boundaries of influence and accountability: the multiple scales of public sector information systems	NA:NA	2010
Jun Zhang:Yan Qu:Jane Cody:Yulingling Wu	This is a case study about the early adoption and use of micro-blogging in a Fortune 500 company. The study used several independent data sources: five months of empirical micro-blogging data, user demographic information from corporate HR records, a web based survey, and targeted interviews. The results revealed that users vary in their posting activities, reading behaviors, and perceived benefits. The analysis also identified barriers to adoption, such as the noise-to-value ratio paradoxes. The findings can help both practitioners and scholars build an initial understanding of how knowledge workers are likely to use micro-blogging in the enterprise.	A case study of micro-blogging in the enterprise: use, value, and related issues	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Louise Barkhuus:Juliana Tashiro	Most research regarding online social networks such as Facebook, MySpace, Linked-In and Friendster has looked at these networks in terms of activity within the online network, such as profile management and friending behavior. In this paper we are instead focusing on offline socializing structures around an online social network (exemplified by Facebook) and how this can facilitate in-person social life for students. Because students lead nomadic lives, they find Facebook a particularly useful tool for initiating and managing social gatherings, and as they adopt mobile technologies that can access online social networks, their ad-hoc social life is further enabled. We conclude that online social networks are a powerful tool for encouraging peripheral friendships, important in particular to students. We emphasize that the use of online social networks must be viewed from a perspective of use that involves both mobile and stationary platforms and that it is important to relate online and offline social practices.	Student socialization in the age of facebook	NA:NA	2010
Carman Neustaedter	NA	Session details: Privacy awareness and attitudes	NA	2010
Jeremy Birnholtz:McKenzie Jones-Rounds	As America's baby boom population gets older, aging in place -- the idea that seniors can remain independent in a comfortable home environment while being monitored and receiving care from family and caregivers living elsewhere -- has received significant attention. Fostering a sense of independence while simultaneously enabling monitoring and frequent interaction can seem paradoxical, however. This raises questions of how we can design technologies that help seniors retain their independence and a sense of comfort, while still interacting with and being monitored regularly by others. We present results from an interview study of 30 seniors, caregivers and relatives in which we sought to understand how they managed their interactions, availability, privacy and independence. Results suggest that they rely on attributes of the physical environment, temporal structures such as routine conversations and activities, and technological mediation.	Independence and interaction: understanding seniors' privacy and awareness needs for aging in place	NA:NA	2010
Clara Mancini:Yvonne Rogers:Arosha K. Bandara:Tony Coe:Lukasz Jedrzejczyk:Adam N. Joinson:Blaine A. Price:Keerthi Thomas:Bashar Nuseibeh	How can we best explore the range of users' reactions when developing future technologies that may be controversial, such as personal healthcare systems? Our approach -- ContraVision -- uses futuristic videos, or other narrative forms, that convey either negative or positive aspects of the proposed technology for the same scenarios. We conducted a user study to investigate what range of responses the different versions elicited. Our findings show that the use of two systematically comparable representations of the same technology can elicit a wider spectrum of reactions than a single representation can. We discuss why this is so and the value of obtaining breadth in user feedback for potentially controversial technologies.	Contravision: exploring users' reactions to futuristic technology	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Tuula Kärkkäinen:Tuomas Vaittinen:Kaisa Väänänen-Vainio-Mattila	People have a natural tendency to capture and share their experiences via stories, photos and other mementos. As users are increasingly carrying the enabling devices with them, capturing life events is becoming more spontaneous. The automatic and persistent collecting of information about one's life and behavior is called lifelogging. Lifelogging relieves the user from manually capturing events but also poses many challenges from the user's perspective. We conducted a field study to explore the user experience of mobile phone activity and context logging, a technically feasible form of lifelogging. Our results indicate that users quickly stop to pay attention to the logging, but they want to be in control of logging the most private information. Although logging personal content, such as text messages, is experienced as a possible privacy threat, browsing the content and getting insight to the revealed life patterns was considered interesting and fun.	I don't mind being logged, but want to remain in control: a field study of mobile activity and context logging	NA:NA:NA	2010
Mark Newman	NA	Session details: Social support for cancer patients	NA	2010
Meredith M. Skeels:Kenton T. Unruh:Christopher Powell:Wanda Pratt	Social support is a critical, yet underutilized resource when undergoing cancer care. Underutilization occurs in two conditions: (a) when patients fail to seek out information, material assistance, and emotional support from family and friends or (b) when family and friends fail to meet the individualized needs and preferences of patients. Social networks are most effective when kept up to date on the patient's status, yet updating everyone takes effort that patients cannot always put in. To improve this situation, we describe the results of our participatory design activities with breast cancer patients. During this process, we uncovered the information a social network needs to stay informed as well as a host of barriers to social support that technology could help break down. Our resulting prototype, built using Facebook Connect, includes explicit features to reduce these barriers and thus, promote the healthy outcomes associated with strong social support.	Catalyzing social support for breast cancer patients	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Kenton T. Unruh:Meredith Skeels:Andrea Civan-Hartzler:Wanda Pratt	Although clinic environments are a primary location for exchanging information with clinicians, patients experience these spaces as harsh environments to access, use, exchange, and manage information. In this paper, we present results from an ethnographic-inspired study of breast cancer patients actively interacting with information in clinic environments. Through observations and interviews, we observed information interactions in awkward physical positions; inefficient use of existing clinical space; separation of patients from their information and lack of support for collaborative document viewing. These factors compromised patients' abilities to manage their information work when they experienced bursts of information exchange, lack of advance information, fragmented attention, and heightened stress in clinic environments. To overcome these challenges, we identify formative strategies to focus attention, encourage collaboration, and improve communication in clinical settings.	Transforming clinic environments into information workspaces for patients	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Predrag Klasnja:Andrea Civan Hartzler:Kent T. Unruh:Wanda Pratt	Patients do considerable information work. Technologies that help patients manage health information so they can play active roles in their health-care, such as personal health records, provide patients with effective support for focused and sustained personal health tasks. Yet, little attention has been paid to patients' needs for information management support while on the go and away from their personal health information collections. Through a qualitative field study, we investigated the information work that breast cancer patients do in such 'unanchored settings'. We report on the types of unanchored information work that patients do over the course of cancer treatment, reasons this work is challenging, and strategies used by patients to overcome those challenges. Our description of unanchored patient information work expands our understanding of patients' information practices and points to valuable design directions for supporting critical but unmet needs.	Blowing in the wind: unanchored patient information work during cancer care	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Polle Zellweger	NA	Session details: Visualization	NA	2010
Jeffrey Heer:Michael Bostock	Understanding perception is critical to effective visualization design. With its low cost and scalability, crowdsourcing presents an attractive option for evaluating the large design space of visualizations; however, it first requires validation. In this paper, we assess the viability of Amazon's Mechanical Turk as a platform for graphical perception experiments. We replicate previous studies of spatial encoding and luminance contrast and compare our results. We also conduct new experiments on rectangular area perception (as in treemaps or cartograms) and on chart size and gridline spacing. Our results demonstrate that crowdsourced perception experiments are viable and contribute new insights for visualization design. Lastly, we report cost and performance data from our experiments and distill recommendations for the design of crowdsourced studies.	Crowdsourcing graphical perception: using mechanical turk to assess visualization design	NA:NA	2010
Manuel Freire:Catherine Plaisant:Ben Shneiderman:Jen Golbeck	Traditional network analysis tools support analysts in studying a single network. ManyNets offers these analysts a powerful new approach that enables them to work on multiple networks simultaneously. Several thousand networks can be presented as rows in a tabular visualization, and then inspected, sorted and filtered according to their attributes. The networks to be displayed can be obtained by subdivision of larger networks. Examples of meaningful subdivisions used by analysts include ego networks, community extraction, and time-based slices. Cell visualizations and interactive column overviews allow analysts to assess the distribution of attributes within particular sets of networks. Details, such as traditional node-link diagrams, are available on demand. We describe a case study analyzing a social network geared towards film recommendations by means of decomposition. A small usability study provides feedback on the use of the interface on a set of tasks issued from the case study.	ManyNets: an interface for multiple network analysis and visualization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Hyunjoo Song:Bohyoung Kim:Bongshin Lee:Jinwook Seo	Hierarchical structures with large fan-outs are hard to browse and understand. In the conventional node-link tree visualization, the screen quickly becomes overcrowded as users open nodes that have too many child nodes to fit in one screen. To address this problem, we propose two extensions to the conventional node-link tree visualization: a list view with a scrollbar and a multi-column interface. We compared them against the conventional tree visualization interface in a user study. Results show that users are able to browse and understand the tree structure faster with the multi-column interface than the other two interfaces. Overall, they also liked the multi-column better than others.	A comparative evaluation on tree visualization methods for hierarchical structures with large fan-outs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Giulio Jacucci	NA	Session details: Games and players	NA	2010
Tyler Pace:Shaowen Bardzell:Jeffrey Bardzell	In this paper we present a critical analysis of player accounts of intimacy and intimate experiences in the massively multiplayer online role-playing game World of Warcraft (WoW). Our analysis explores four characteristics that players articulated about their virtual intimate experiences: the permeability of intimacy across virtual and real worlds, the mundane as the origin of intimacy, the significance of reciprocity and exchange, and the formative role of temporality in shaping understandings and recollections of intimate experiences. We also consider the manifest ways that WoW's software features support and encourage these characteristics.	The rogue in the lovely black dress: intimacy in world of warcraft	NA:NA:NA	2010
Shlomo Berkovsky:Mac Coombe:Jill Freyne:Dipak Bhandari:Nilufar Baghaei	Contemporary lifestyle has become increasingly sedentary: little physical (sports, exercises) and much sedentary (TV, computers) activity. The nature of sedentary activity is self-reinforcing, such that increasing physical and decreasing sedentary activity is difficult. We present a novel approach aimed at combating this problem in the context of computer games. Rather than explicitly changing the amount of physical and sedentary activity a person sets out to perform, we propose a new game design that leverages user engagement to generate out of game motivation to perform physical activity while playing. In our design, players gain virtual game rewards in return for real physical activity performed. Here we present and evaluate an application of our design to the game Neverball. We adapted Neverball by reducing the time allocated to accomplish the game tasks and motivated players to perform physical activity by offering time based rewards. An empirical evaluation involving 180 participants shows that the participants performed more physical activity, decreased the amount of sedentary playing time, and did not report a decrease in perceived enjoyment of playing the activity motivating version of Neverball.	Physical activity motivating games: virtual rewards for real activity	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Magy Seif El-Nasr:Bardia Aghabeigi:David Milam:Mona Erfani:Beth Lameman:Hamid Maygoli:Sang Mah	Cooperative design has been an integral part of many games. With the success of games like Left4Dead, many game designers and producers are currently exploring the addition of cooperative patterns within their games. Unfortunately, very little research investigated cooperative patterns or methods to evaluate them. In this paper, we present a set of cooperative patterns identified based on analysis of fourteen cooperative games. Additionally, we propose Cooperative Performance Metrics (CPM). To evaluate the use of these CPMs, we ran a study with a total of 60 participants, grouped in 2-3 participants per session. Participants were asked to play four cooperative games (Rock Band 2, Lego Star Wars, Kameo, and Little Big Planet). Videos of the play sessions were annotated using the CPMs, which were then mapped to cooperative patterns that caused them. Results, validated through inter-rater agreement, identify several effective cooperative patterns and lessons for future cooperative game designs.	Understanding and evaluating cooperative games	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Patrick Baudisch	NA	Session details: Interfaces and visualization	NA	2010
Daniel Vogel:Ravin Balakrishnan	We define occlusion-aware interfaces as interaction techniques which know what area of the display is currently occluded, and use this knowledge to counteract potential problems and/or utilize the hidden area. As a case study, we describe the Occlusion-Aware Viewer, which identifies important regions hidden beneath the hand and displays them in a non-occluded area using a bubble-like callout. To determine what is important, we use an application agnostic image processing layer. For the occluded area, we use a user configurable, real-time version of Vogel et al.'s [21] geometric model. In an evaluation with a simultaneous monitoring task, we find the technique can successfully mitigate the effects of occlusion, although issues with ambiguity and stability suggest further refinements. Finally, we present designs for three other occlusion-aware techniques for pop-ups, dragging, and a hidden widget.	Occlusion-aware interfaces	NA:NA	2010
Caroline Appert:Olivier Chapuis:Emmanuel Pietriga	Focus+context interfaces provide in-place magnification of a region of the display, smoothly integrating the focus of attention into its surroundings. Two representations of the data exist simultaneously at two different scales, providing an alternative to classical pan & zoom for navigating multi-scale interfaces. For many practical applications however, the magnification range of focus+context techniques is too limited. This paper addresses this limitation by exploring the quantization problem: the mismatch between visual and motor precision in the magnified region. We introduce three new interaction techniques that solve this problem by integrating fast navigation and high-precision interaction in the magnified region. Speed couples precision to navigation speed. Key and Ring use a discrete switch between precision levels, the former using a keyboard modifier, the latter by decoupling the cursor from the lens' center. We report on three experiments showing that our techniques make interacting with lenses easier while increasing the range of practical magnification factors, and that performance can be further improved by integrating speed-dependent visual behaviors.	High-precision magnification lenses	NA:NA:NA	2010
Xiaojun Bi:Barton A. Smith:Shumin Zhai	It has been well understood that optimized soft keyboard layouts improve motor movement efficiency over the standard Qwerty layouts, but have the drawback of long initial visual search time for novice users. To ease the initial searching time on optimized soft keyboards, we explored "Quasi-Qwerty optimization" so that the resulting layouts are close to Qwerty. Our results show that a middle ground between the optimized but new, and the familiar (Qwerty) but inefficient does exist. We show that by allowing letters to move at most one step (key) away from their original positions on Qwerty in an optimization process, one can achieve about half of what free optimization could gain in movement efficiency. An experiment shows that due to users' familiarity with Qwerty, a layout with quasi Qwerty optimization could significantly reduce novice user's visual search time to a level between those of Qwerty and a freely optimized layout. The results in this work provide designers with a new quantitative understanding of the soft keyboard design space.	Quasi-qwerty soft keyboard optimization	NA:NA:NA	2010
Sara Kiesler	NA	Session details: Language 2.0	NA	2010
Adam D.I. Kramer	I analyze the use of emotion words for approximately 100 million Facebook users since September of 2007. "Gross national happiness" is operationalized as a standardized difference between the use of positive and negative words, aggregated across days, and present a graph of this metric. I begin to validate this metric by showing that positive and negative word use in status updates covaries with self-reported satisfaction with life (convergent validity), and also note that the graph shows peaks and valleys on days that are culturally and emotionally significant (face validity). I discuss the development and computation of this metric, argue that this metric and graph serves as a representation of the overall emotional health of the nation, and discuss the importance of tracking such metrics.	An unobtrusive behavioral model of "gross national happiness"	NA	2010
Brent Hecht:Darren Gergle	This study explores language's fragmenting effect on user-generated content by examining the diversity of knowledge representations across 25 different Wikipedia language editions. This diversity is measured at two levels: the concepts that are included in each edition and the ways in which these concepts are described. We demonstrate that the diversity present is greater than has been presumed in the literature and has a significant influence on applications that use Wikipedia as a source of world knowledge. We close by explicating how knowledge diversity can be beneficially leveraged to create "culturally-aware applications" and "hyperlingual applications".	The tower of Babel meets web 2.0: user-generated content and its applications in a multilingual context	NA:NA	2010
Matti J. Rantanen	The indexicality of language refers to the linkage between the language and the situation of use for determining the meaning of what is being said. In this paper I describe how a player of a location-based treasure hunt game called geocaching uses indexicality of language in creating clues when hiding treasures. Based on this account, the skill, I argue, in creating an exciting treasure depends on understanding the disjunction between the context in which the clue is first interpreted and the context in which it receives its final meaning. An interesting clue should therefore contain both a literal or conventional meaning and a situated meaning, and the situated meaning should only arise when the player is close enough to the treasure.	Indexicality of language and the art of creating treasures	NA	2010
Michael Atwood	NA	Session details: Market models for Q&A services	NA	2010
Gary Hsieh:Robert E. Kraut:Scott E. Hudson	Electronic commerce has enabled a number of online pay-for-answer services. However, despite commercial interest, we still lack a comprehensive understanding of how financial incentives support question asking and answering. Using 800 questions randomly selected from a pay-for-answer site, along with site usage statistics, we examined what factors impact askers' decisions to pay. We also explored how financial rewards affect answers, and if question pricing can help organize Q&A exchanges for archival purposes. We found that askers' decisions are two-part--whether or not to pay and how much to pay. Askers are more likely to pay when requesting facts and will pay more when questions are more difficult. On the answer side, our results support prior findings that paying more may elicit a higher number of answers and answers that are longer, but may not elicit higher quality answers (as rated by the askers). Finally, we present evidence that questions with higher rewards have higher archival value, which suggests that pricing can be used to support archival use.	Why pay?: exploring how financial incentives are used for question & answer	NA:NA:NA	2010
Sven Seuken:Kamal Jain:Desney S. Tan:Mary Czerwinski	The Internet has allowed market-based systems to become increasingly pervasive. In this paper we explore the role of user interface (UI) design for these markets. Different UIs induce different mental models which in turn determine how users understand and interact with a market. Thus, the intersection of UI design and economics is a novel and important research area. We make three contributions at this intersection. First, we present a novel design paradigm which we call hidden markets. The primary goal of hidden markets is to hide as much of the market complexities as possible. Second, we explore this new design paradigm using one particular example: a P2P backup application. We explain the market underlying this system and provide a detailed description of the new UI we developed. Third, we present results from a formative usability study. Our findings indicate that a number of users could benefit from a market-based P2P backup system. Most users intuitively understood the give & take principle as well as the bundle constraints of the market. However, the pricing aspect was difficult to discover/understand for many users and thus needs further investigation. Overall, the results are encouraging and show promise for the hidden market paradigm.	Hidden markets: UI design for a P2P backup application	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Grace YoungJoo Jeon:Yong-Mi Kim:Yan Chen	Online question-answering services provide mechanisms for knowledge exchange by allowing users to ask and answer questions on a wide range of topics. A key question for designing such services is whether charging a price has an effect on answer quality. Two field experiments using one such service, Google Answers, offer conflicting answers to this question. To resolve this inconsistency, we re-analyze data from Harper et al. [5] and Chen et al. [2] to study the price effect in greater depth. Decomposing the price effect into two different levels yields results that reconcile those of the two field experiments. Specifically, we find that: (1) a higher price significantly increases the likelihood that a question receives an answer and (2) for questions that receive an answer, there is no significant price effect on answer quality. Additionally, we find that the rater background makes a difference in evaluating answer quality.	Re-examining price as a predictor of answer quality in an online q&a site	NA:NA:NA	2010
David Dearman:Khai N. Truong	Posing a question to an online question and answer community does not guarantee a response. Significant prior work has explored and identified members' motivations for contributing to communities of collective action (e.g., Yahoo! Answers); in contrast it is not well understood why members choose to not answer a question they have already read. To explore this issue, we surveyed 135 active members of Yahoo! Answers. We show that top and regular contributors experience the same reasons to not answer a question: subject nature and composition of the question; perception of how the questioner will receive, interpret and react to their response; and a belief that their response will lose its meaning and get lost in the crowd if too many responses have already been given. Informed by our results, we discuss opportunities to improve the efficacy of the question and answer process, and to encourage greater contributions through improved design.	Why users of yahoo!: answers do not answer questions	NA:NA	2010
Matt Jones	NA	Session details: Mobile device interaction	NA	2010
Eve Hoggan:Stephen A. Brewster	We report the results of an exploratory 8-day field study of CrossTrainer: a mobile game with crossmodal audio and tactile feedback. Our research focuses on the longitudinal effects on performance with audio and tactile feedback, the impact of context such as location and situation on performance and personal modality preference. The results of this study indicate that crossmodal feedback can aid users in entering answers quickly and accurately using a variety of different widgets. Our study shows that there are times when audio is more appropriate than tactile and vice versa and for this reason devices should support both tactile and audio feedback to cover the widest range of environments, user preference, locations and tasks.	Crosstrainer: testing the use of multimodal interfaces in situ	NA:NA	2010
Junius A. Gunaratne:A. J. Bernheim Brush	Newport is a collaborative application for sharing context (e.g. location) and content (e.g. photos and notes) during mobile phone calls. People can share during a phone call and sharing ends when the call ends. Newport also supports using a computer during a call to make it easier to share content from the phone or launch screen sharing if the caller is also at a computer. We describe Newport's system design and a formative evaluation with 12 participants to study their experience using Newport to share location, receive directions, share photos, and perform desktop sharing. Participants preferred using Newport to current methods for these tasks. They also preferred limiting sharing location to phone calls compared with publishing it continuously. Tying sharing to a phone call gives individuals a social sense of security, providing a mechanism for exchanging information with unknown people.	Newport: enabling sharing during mobile calls	NA:NA	2010
Jeffrey M. Quinn:Tuan Q. Tran	Participants sometimes rate products high in usability despite experiencing obvious usability problems (low effectiveness or efficiency). Is it possible that this occurs because high product attractiveness compensates for low effectiveness/efficiency? Previous research has not investigated the interplay between attractiveness, effectiveness, and efficiency to determine whether attractiveness accounts for additional variance in usability ratings beyond that which is explained by effectiveness and efficiency. The present research provides the first test of this idea. Using data from usability testing, we demonstrate that attractiveness, effectiveness, and efficiency each has an independent influence on usability ratings and, in the present research, attractiveness had the largest impact. We report results of quantitative analyses that suggest multiple mechanisms could be responsible for the relationship between attractiveness and usability.	Attractive phones don't have to work better: independent effects of attractiveness, effectiveness, and efficiency on perceived usability	NA:NA	2010
John Karat	NA	Session details: Privacy behaviors	NA	2010
Ricardo Mark Villamarín-Salomón:José Carlos Brustoloni	Users have a strong tendency toward dismissing security dialogs unthinkingly. Prior research has shown that users' responses to security dialogs become significantly more thoughtful when dialogs are polymorphic, and that further improvements can be obtained when dialogs are also audited and auditors penalize users who give unreasonable responses. We contribute an Operant Conditioning model that fits these observations, and, inspired by the model, propose Security Reinforcing Applications (SRAs). SRAs seek to reward users' secure behavior, instead of penalizing insecure behavior. User studies show that SRAs improve users' secure behaviors and that behaviors strengthened in this way do not extinguish after a period of several weeks in which users do not interact with SRAs. Moreover, inspired by Social Learning theory, we propose Vicarious Security Reinforcement (VSR). A user study shows that VSR accelerates SRA benefits.	Using reinforcement to strengthen users' secure behaviors	NA:NA	2010
Steve Sheng:Mandy Holbrook:Ponnurangam Kumaraguru:Lorrie Faith Cranor:Julie Downs	In this paper we present the results of a roleplay survey instrument administered to 1001 online survey respondents to study both the relationship between demographics and phishing susceptibility and the effectiveness of several anti-phishing educational materials. Our results suggest that women are more susceptible than men to phishing and participants between the ages of 18 and 25 are more susceptible to phishing than other age groups. We explain these demographic factors through a mediation analysis. Educational materials reduced users' tendency to enter information into phishing webpages by 40% percent; however, some of the educational materials we tested also slightly decreased participants' tendency to click on legitimate links.	Who falls for phish?: a demographic analysis of phishing susceptibility and effectiveness of interventions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Philip G. Inglesant:M. Angela Sasse	HCI research published 10 years ago pointed out that many users cannot cope with the number and complexity of passwords, and resort to insecure workarounds as a consequence. We present a study which re-examined password policies and password practice in the workplace today. 32 staff members in two organisations kept a password diary for 1 week, which produced a sample of 196 passwords. The diary was followed by an interview which covered details of each password, in its context of use. We find that users are in general concerned to maintain security, but that existing security policies are too inflexible to match their capabilities, and the tasks and contexts in which they operate. As a result, these password policies can place demands on users which impact negatively on their productivity and, ultimately, that of the organisation. We conclude that, rather than focussing password policies on maximizing password strength and enforcing frequency alone, policies should be designed using HCI principles to help the user to set an appropriately strong password in a specific context of use.	The true cost of unusable password policies: password use in the wild	NA:NA	2010
Anthony Hornof	NA	Session details: The age of searching	NA	2010
Ruogu Kang:Wai-Tat Fu:Thomas George Kannampallil	Our study compared how experts and novices performed exploratory search using a traditional search engine and a social tagging system. As expected, results showed that social tagging systems could facilitate exploratory search for both experts and novices. We, however, also found that experts were better at interpreting the social tags and generating search keywords, which made them better at finding information in both interfaces. Specifically, experts found more general information than novices by better interpretation of social tags in the tagging system; and experts also found more domain-specific information by generating more of their own keywords. We found a dynamic interaction between knowledge-in-the-head and knowledge-in-the-social-web that although information seekers are more and more reliant on information from the social Web, domain expertise is still important in guiding them to find and evaluate the information. Implications on the design of social search systems that facilitate exploratory search are also discussed.	Exploiting knowledge-in-the-head and knowledge-in-the-social-web: effects of domain expertise on exploratory search in individual and social search environments	NA:NA:NA	2010
Jessie Chin:Wai-Tat Fu	We present results from an experiment that studied the information search behavior of younger and older adults in a medical decision-making task. To study how different combination of tasks and interfaces influenced search strategies and decision-making outcomes, we varied information structures of two interfaces and presented different task descriptions to participants. We found that younger adults tended to use different search strategies in different combination of tasks and interfaces, and older adults tended to use the same top-down strategies across conditions. We concluded that older adults were able to perform mental transformation of medical terms more effectively than younger adults. Thus older adults did not require changing strategies to maintain the same level of performance.	Interactive effects of age and interface differences on search strategies and performance	NA:NA	2010
Allison Druin:Elizabeth Foss:Hilary Hutchinson:Evan Golub:Leshell Hatley	Children want to find information about their world, but there are barriers to finding what they seek. Young people have varying abilities to formulate multi-step queries and comprehend search results. Challenges in understanding where to type, confusion about what tools are available, and frustration with how to parse the results page all have led to a lack of perceived search success for children 7-11 years old. In this paper, we describe seven search roles children display as information seekers using Internet keyword interfaces, based on a home study of 83 children ages 7, 9, and 11. These roles are defined not only by the children's search actions, but also by who influences their searching, their perceived success, and trends in age and gender. These roles suggest a need for new interfaces that expand the notion of keywords, scaffold results, and develop a search culture among children.	Children's roles using keyword search interfaces at home	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Dan Olsen	NA	Session details: The infrastructure problem in HCI	NA	2010
W. Keith Edwards:Mark W. Newman:Erika Shehan Poole	HCI endeavors to create human-centered computer systems, but underlying technological infrastructures often stymie these efforts. We outline three specific classes of user experience difficulties caused by underlying technical infrastructures, which we term constrained possibilities, unmediated interaction, and interjected abstractions. We explore how prior approaches in HCI have addressed these issues, and discuss new approaches that will be required for future progress. We argue that the HCI community must become more deeply involved with the creation of technical infrastructures. Doing so, however, requires a substantial expansion to the methodological toolbox of HCI.	The infrastructure problem in HCI	NA:NA:NA	2010
Jeffrey Bardzell	NA	Session details: Computing on the body	NA	2010
Seungyon "Claire" Lee:Thad Starner	We present two experiments to evaluate wrist-worn wearable tactile displays (WTDs) that provide easy to perceive alerts for on-the-go users. The first experiment (2304 trials, 12 participants) focuses on the perception sensitivity of tactile patterns and reveals that people discriminate our 24 tactile patterns with up to 99% accuracy after 40 minutes of training. Among the four parameters (intensity, starting point, temporal pattern, and direction) that vary in the 24 patterns, intensity is the most difficult parameter to distinguish and temporal pattern is the easiest. The second experiment (9900 trials, 15 participants) focuses on dual task performance, exploring users' abilities to perceive three incoming alerts from two mobile devices (WTD and mobile phone) with and without visual distraction. The second experiment reveals that, when visually distracted, users' reactions to incoming alerts become slower for the mobile phone but not for the WTD.	BuzzWear: alert perception in wearable tactile displays on the wrist	NA:NA	2010
Grace Ngai:Stephen C.F. Chan:Vincent T.Y. Ng:Joey C.Y. Cheung:Sam S.S. Choy:Winnie W.Y. Lau:Jason T.P. Tse	There has been much recent work in wearable computing that is directed at democratization of the field, to make it more accessible to the general public and more easily used by the hobbyist user. As the field becomes more diversified, there has also been a shift away from the highly specialized functionality of earlier applications towards aesthetics, creativity, design and self-expression, as well as a push towards using wearable computing as an outreach tool to broaden interest and exposure in engineering and computing. This paper presents the design and development of the i*CATch wearable computing framework, which was developed specifically for children and novices to the field. The i*CATch framework is based upon a bus-based architecture, and is more scalable than the current alternatives. It consists of a set of plug-and-play components, a construction platform with a standardized interface, and an easy-to-use hybrid text-graphical integrated development environment. We will also present results of the evaluation of the i*CATch framework in real teaching environments.	i*CATch: a scalable plug-n-play wearable computing framework for novices and children	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Chris Harrison:Desney Tan:Dan Morris	We present Skinput, a technology that appropriates the human body for acoustic transmission, allowing the skin to be used as an input surface. In particular, we resolve the location of finger taps on the arm and hand by analyzing mechanical vibrations that propagate through the body. We collect these signals using a novel array of sensors worn as an armband. This approach provides an always available, naturally portable, and on-body finger input system. We assess the capabilities, accuracy and limitations of our technique through a two-part, twenty-participant user study. To further illustrate the utility of our approach, we conclude with several proof-of-concept applications we developed.	Skinput: appropriating the body as an input surface	NA:NA:NA	2010
Jodi Forlizzi	NA	Session details: Dance, dust, and drama: designing design	NA	2010
Petra Sundström:Kristina Höök	Designing for a supple interaction, involving users bodily and emotionally into a 'dance' with a system is a challenging task. Any break-ups in interaction become fatal to the sensual, fluent, bodily and social experience sought. A user-centered, iterative design cycle is therefore required. But getting to know the affordances of the digital material used to build the application plays an equally important role in the design process. The 'feel' of the digital material properties sometimes even determines what the design should be. We describe three situations in which the properties and affordances of sensor network technologies guided our design process of FriendSense -- a system for expressing friendship and emotional closeness through movement. We show how the sensor node look and feel, choice of sensors, limitations of the radio signal strength and coverage, as well as iterative prototyping to properly exploit the software/algorithmic possibilities guided our design process.	Hand in hand with the material: designing for suppleness	NA:NA	2010
Grace de la Flor:Paul Luff:Marina Jirotka:John Pybus:Ruth Kirkham:Annamaria Carusi	There are numerous settings where people examine, scrutinize and discuss the details of images in the course of their work. In most medical domains, scans and x-rays are used in the diagnosis of cases; in most areas of science, methods of visualization have been adopted to assist in the analysis of data; and images of different kinds are critical for many research fields in the social sciences and humanities. It is not surprising that recently technologies have been proposed to assist with the analysis and examination of images. In this paper, we consider requirements for technologies in a rather distinctive domain of research, the classics. Drawing upon an analysis of the detailed ways in which classicists work with digital images, we discuss the requirements for systems to support researchers in this domain, and also provide further considerations on the general development of image processing technologies and visualization techniques.	The Case of the Disappearing Ox: Seeing Through Digital Images to an Analysis of Ancient Texts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Ben Medler:Brian Magerko	For decades designers have used theatre metaphors to describe design methodologies and have used performance techniques to enhance the design process, two of which are improvisational acting and role-playing. Unfortunately, most design literature does not differentiate between these two practices even while using them in combination with various design methods. This paper discusses how improvisation and role-playing have been employed during the design process and why they are distinct from one another. The authors draw upon their current research involving improvisational acting and compare it with other role-playing research which examines role-playing from both a serious and entertainment angle. They conclude through this comparison that both performance techniques have their place in the design process and that more informed definitions of each technique can aid designers in deciding which technique's properties will benefit them the most.	The implications of improvisational acting and role-playing on design methodologies	NA:NA	2010
Carl Gutwin	NA	Session details: End-user programming I	NA	2010
Björn Hartmann:Sean Follmer:Antonio Ricciardi:Timothy Cardenas:Scott R. Klemmer	Interaction designers typically revise user interface prototypes by adding unstructured notes to storyboards and screen printouts. How might computational tools increase the efficacy of UI revision? This paper introduces d.note, a revision tool for user interfaces expressed as control flow diagrams. d.note introduces a command set for modifying and annotating both appearance and behavior of user interfaces; it also defines execution semantics so proposed changes can be tested immediately. The paper reports two studies that compare production and interpretation of revisions in d.note to freeform sketching on static images (the status quo). The revision production study showed that testing of ideas during the revision process led to more concrete revisions, but that the tool also affected the type and number of suggested changes. The revision interpretation study showed that d.note revisions required fewer clarifications, and that additional techniques for expressing revision intent could be beneficial.	d.note: revising user interfaces through change tracking, annotations, and alternatives	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Yang Li:Xiang Cao:Katherine Everitt:Morgan Dixon:James A. Landay	Paper prototyping offers unique affordances for interface design. However, due to its spontaneous nature and the limitations of paper, it is difficult to distill and communicate a paper prototype design and its user test findings to a wide audience. To address these issues, we created FrameWire, a computer vision-based system that automatically extracts interaction flows from the video recording of paper prototype user tests. Based on the extracted logic, FrameWire offers two distinct benefits for designers: a structural view of the video recording that allows a designer or a stakeholder to easily distill and understand the design concept and user interaction behaviors, and automatic generation of interactive HTML-based prototypes that can be easily tested with a larger group of users as well as "walked through" by other stakeholders. The extraction is achieved by automatically aggregating video frame sequences into an interaction flow graph based on frame similarities and a designer-guided clustering process. The results of evaluating FrameWire with realistic paper prototyping tests show that our extraction approach is feasible and FrameWire is a promising tool for enhancing existing prototyping practice.	FrameWire: a tool for automatically extracting interaction logic from paper prototyping tests	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Joel Brandt:Mira Dontcheva:Marcos Weskamp:Scott R. Klemmer	The ready availability of online source-code examples has fundamentally changed programming practices. However, current search tools are not designed to assist with programming tasks and are wholly separate from editing tools. This paper proposes that embedding a task-specific search engine in the development environment can significantly reduce the cost of finding information and thus enable programmers to write better code more easily. This paper describes the design, implementation, and evaluation of Blueprint, a Web search interface integrated into the Adobe Flex Builder development environment that helps users locate example code. Blueprint automatically augments queries with code context, presents a code-centric view of search results, embeds the search experience into the editor, and retains a link between copied code and its source. A comparative laboratory study found that Blueprint enables participants to write significantly better code and find example code significantly faster than with a standard Web browser. Analysis of three months of usage logs with 2,024 users suggests that task-specific search interfaces can significantly change how and when people search the Web.	Example-centric programming: integrating web search into the development environment	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Arnie Lund	NA	Session details: Organizing and organizations	NA	2010
Morten Bohøj:Nikolaj Gandrup Borchorst:Niels Olof Bouvin:Susanne Bødker:Pär-Ola Zander	This paper explores timelines as a web-based tool for collaboration between citizens and municipal caseworkers. The paper takes its outset in a case study of planning and control of parental leave; a process that may involve surprisingly many actors. As part of the case study, a web-based timeline, CaseLine, was designed. This design crosses the boundaries between leisure and work, in ways that are different from what is often seen in current HCI. The timeline has several roles on these boundaries: It is a shared planning and visualization tool that may be used by parents and caseworkers alone or together, it serves as a contract and a sandbox, as a record and a plan, as inspiration for planning and an authoritative road, as a common information space and a fragmented exchange. Serving all these roles does not happen smoothly, and the paper discusses the challenges of such timeline interaction in, and beyond this case.	Timeline collaboration	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Jennifer Stoll:W. Keith Edwards:Elizabeth D. Mynatt	Nonprofit organizations often need to excel in coordinating with other organizations and must do so in a variety of contexts and levels from the informal to the formal. Their ability to accomplish their mission can critically depend on their efficacy in managing dependencies on others for tasks, accessing needed resources, raising their profile in the community, and achieving their goals. Although much research has been done to understand systems for supporting formal coordination between organizations, there is a gap in understanding how informal coordination can be supported by systems. As a first step towards addressing this gap, we conducted a field study of a network of nonprofit organizations, focusing specifically on informal interactions among them. Based on this study, we characterize informal coordination between organizations and the context for such interactions. Our findings point to a need to further explore a class of interorganizational interactions that may not be adequately explored or understood by our research community.	Informal interactions in nonprofit networks	NA:NA:NA	2010
Saqib Saeed:Volkmar Pipek:Markus Rohde:Volker Wulf	In this paper we portray a specific type of knowledge which we term 'nomadic knowledge'. It is required periodically by different actors and travels along foreseeable paths between groups or communities of actors. This type of knowledge lets us question generally held assumptions about the way knowledge is enacted. We illustrate our point with an ethnographical field study analyzing the European Social Forum (ESF), a network of political activist organizations. In this network different actors organize a periodic (biannual) event in which some 13,000 activists participated in 2008. We investigate how knowledge about organizing and managing the ESF is transferred between two events respectively, the actors and communities involved. Our study highlights the specific challenges in sharing nomadic knowledge and the consequences of deficiencies on the organizing process. The paper contributes to a better understanding of knowledge sharing practices and opens new directions for technical support.	Managing nomadic knowledge: a case study of the European social forum	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Barry Brown	NA	Session details: Performance, stagecraft, and magic	NA	2010
Steven P. Dow:Manish Mehta:Blair MacIntyre:Michael Mateas	What authoring possibilities arise by blending machine and human control of live embodied character experiences? This paper explores two different "behind-the-scenes" roles for human operators during a three-month gallery installation of an embodied character experience. In the Transcription role, human operators type players' spoken utterances; then, algorithms interpret the player's intention, choose from pre-authored dialogue based on local and global narrative contexts, and procedurally animate two embodied characters. In the Discourse role, human operators select from semantic categories to interpret player intention; algorithms use this "discourse act" to automate character dialogue and animation. We compare these two methods of blending control using game logs and interviews, and document how the amateur operators initially resisted having to learn the Discourse version, but eventually preferred having the authorial control it afforded. This paper also outlines a design space for blending machine and human control in live character experiences.	Eliza meets the wizard-of-oz: blending machine and human control of embodied characters	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Ian Li:Anind Dey:Jodi Forlizzi	People strive to obtain self-knowledge. A class of systems called personal informatics is appearing that help people collect and reflect on personal information. However, there is no comprehensive list of problems that users experience using these systems, and no guidance for making these systems more effective. To address this, we conducted surveys and interviews with people who collect and reflect on personal information. We derived a stage-based model of personal informatics systems composed of five stages (preparation, collection, integration, reflection, and action) and identified barriers in each of the stages. These stages have four essential properties: barriers cascade to later stages; they are iterative; they are user-driven and/or system-driven; and they are uni-faceted or multi-faceted. From these properties, we recommend that personal informatics systems should 1) be designed in a holistic manner across the stages; 2) allow iteration between stages; 3) apply an appropriate balance of automated technology and user control within each stage to facilitate the user experience; and 4) explore support for associating multiple facets of people's lives to enrich the value of systems.	A stage-based model of personal informatics systems	NA:NA:NA	2010
Joe Marshall:Steve Benford:Tony Pridmore	We explore the ways in which interfaces can be designed to deceive users so as to create the illusion of magic. We present a study of an experimental performance in which a magician used a computer vision system to conduct a series of illusions based on the well-known 'three cups' magic trick. We explain our findings in terms of the two broad strategies of misdirecting attention and setting false expectations, articulating specific tactics that were employed in each case. We draw on existing theories of collaborative and spectator interfaces, ambiguity and interpretation, and trajectories through experiences to explain our findings in broader HCI terms. We also extend and integrate current theory to provide refined sensitising concepts for analysing deceptive interactions.	Deception and magic in collaborative interaction	NA:NA:NA	2010
Steve Brewster	NA	Session details: Speech and touch	NA	2010
Simon Rogers:John Williamson:Craig Stewart:Roderick Murray-Smith	We describe a particle filtering approach to inferring finger movements on capacitive sensing arrays. This technique allows the efficient combination of human movement models with accurate sensing models, and gives high-fidelity results with low-resolution sensor grids and tracks finger height. Our model provides uncertainty estimates, which can be linked to the interaction to provide appropriately smoothed responses as sensing perfomance degrades; system autonomy is increased as estimates of user behaviour become less certain. We demonstrate the particle filter approach with a map browser running with a very small sensor board, where finger position uncertainty is linked to autonomy handover.	FingerCloud: uncertainty and autonomy handover incapacitive sensing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Christian Holz:Patrick Baudisch	It is generally assumed that touch input cannot be accurate because of the fat finger problem, i.e., the softness of the fingertip combined with the occlusion of the target by the finger. In this paper, we show that this is not the case. We base our argument on a new model of touch inaccuracy. Our model is not based on the fat finger problem, but on the perceived input point model. In its published form, this model states that touch screens report touch location at an offset from the intended target. We generalize this model so that it represents offsets for individual finger postures and users. We thereby switch from the traditional 2D model of touch to a model that considers touch a phenomenon in 3-space. We report a user study, in which the generalized model explained 67% of the touch inaccuracy that was previously attributed to the fat finger problem. In the second half of this paper, we present two devices that exploit the new model in order to improve touch accuracy. Both model touch on per-posture and per-user basis in order to increase accuracy by applying respective offsets. Our RidgePad prototype extracts posture and user ID from the user's fingerprint during each touch interaction. In a user study, it achieved 1.8 times higher accuracy than a simulated capacitive baseline condition. A prototype based on optical tracking achieved even 3.3 times higher accuracy. The increase in accuracy can be used to make touch interfaces more reliable, to pack up to 3.32 > 10 times more controls into the same surface, or to bring touch input to very small mobile devices.	The generalized perceived input point model and how to double touch accuracy by extracting fingerprints	NA:NA	2010
Gilles Bailly:Eric Lecolinet:Yves Guiard	We propose Radial-Stroke and Finger-Count Shortcuts, two techniques aimed at augmenting the menubar on multi-touch surfaces. We designed these multi-finger two-handed interaction techniques in an attempt to overcome the limitations of direct pointing on interactive surfaces, while maintaining compatibility with traditional interaction techniques. While Radial-Stroke Shortcuts exploit the well-known advantages of Radial Strokes, Finger-Count Shortcuts exploit multi-touch by simply counting the number of fingers of each hand in contact with the surface. We report the results of an experimental evaluation of our technique, focusing on expert-mode performance. Finger-Count Shortcuts outperformed Radial-Stroke Shortcuts in terms of both easiness of learning and performance speed.	Finger-count & radial-stroke shortcuts: 2 techniques for augmenting linear menus on multi-touch surfaces	NA:NA:NA	2010
Keith Vertanen:David J.C. MacKay	Speech Dasher allows writing using a combination of speech and a zooming interface. Users first speak what they want to write and then they navigate through the space of recognition hypotheses to correct any errors. Speech Dasher's model combines information from a speech recognizer, from the user, and from a letter-based language model. This allows fast writing of anything predicted by the recognizer while also providing seamless fallback to letter-by-letter spelling for words not in the recognizer's predictions. In a formative user study, expert users wrote at 40 (corrected) words per minute. They did this despite a recognition word error rate of 22%. Furthermore, they did this using only speech and the direction of their gaze (obtained via an eye tracker).	Speech dasher: fast writing using speech and gaze	NA:NA	2010
Andy Wilson	NA	Session details: Writing in the real world	NA	2010
Peter Brandl:Christoph Richter:Michael Haller	In this paper, we present NiCEBook, a paper notebook that supports taking, structuring and reusing notes. Through a study of note-taking habits, we observed that different strategies are used to organize and share notes. Based on these observations, we developed a design for a notebook that combines different approaches to better support these activities. The details of our design were informed by an additional online survey. We emphasize the need to examine the characteristics of taking notes with paper notebooks in order to develop a digital system that resembles the quality of traditional writing. With NiCEBook, we present a solution that combines the flexibility and simplicity of taking notes on paper with the benefits of a digital representation. We demonstrate the capabilities of our system through customized views, searching and sharing functionality.	NiCEBook: supporting natural note taking	NA:NA:NA	2010
Michael Haller:Jakob Leitner:Thomas Seifried:James R. Wallace:Stacey D. Scott:Christoph Richter:Peter Brandl:Adam Gokcezade:Seth Hunter	Current technological solutions that enable content creation and sharing during group discussion meetings are often cumbersome to use, and are commonly abandoned for traditional paper-based tools, which provide flexibility in supporting a wide range of working styles and task activities that may occur in a given meeting. Paper-based tools, however, have their own drawbacks; paper-based content is difficult to modify or replicate. We introduce a novel digital meeting room design, the NiCE Discussion Room, which integrates digital and paper tools into a cohesive system with an intuitive pen-based interface. The combination of digital and paper media provides groups with a flexible design solution that enables them to create, access, and share information and media from a variety of sources to facilitate group discussions. This paper describes the design solution, along with results from a user study conducted to evaluate the usability and utility of the system.	The NiCE Discussion Room: Integrating Paper and Digital Media to Support Co-Located Group Meetings	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Yuichiro Takeuchi	In this paper we describe how future office environments can benefit from the addition of weightless walls virtual, sound blocking walls created using headsets. We particularly focus on exploring how different interaction techniques can be employed to efficiently create, erase, or edit the layouts of these walls, and envisioning how they could impact the overall office experience. Metaphorically, the end effect of integrating weightless walls into offices is that space will be treated in a way similar to how random access memory is treated in PCs; as a shared resource open to dynamic allocations, and whose usage is periodically optimized in real time according to the collective activities of the occupants. Furthermore, we view weightless walls as harbingers of the emergence of synthetic space the eventual fusion of the architectural environment with the distinctive properties of digital bits.	Weightless walls and the future office	NA	2010
Gillian R. Hayes	NA	Session details: At home with computing	NA	2010
Michelle L. Mazurek:J. P. Arsenault:Joanna Bresee:Nitin Gupta:Iulia Ion:Christina Johns:Daniel Lee:Yuan Liang:Jenny Olsen:Brandon Salmon:Richard Shay:Kami Vaniea:Lujo Bauer:Lorrie Faith Cranor:Gregory R. Ganger:Michael K. Reiter	As digital content becomes more prevalent in the home, non-technical users are increasingly interested in sharing that content with others and accessing it from multiple devices. Not much is known about how these users think about controlling access to this data. To better understand this, we conducted semi-structured, in-situ interviews with 33 users in 15 households. We found that users create ad-hoc access-control mechanisms that do not always work; that their ideal policies are complex and multi-dimensional; that a priori policy specification is often insufficient; and that people's mental models of access control and security are often misaligned with current systems. We detail these findings and present a set of associated guidelines for designing usable access-control systems for the home environment.	Access Control for Home Data Sharing: Attitudes, Needs and Practices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Tejinder K. Judge:Carman Neustaedter	Video conferencing is a technology that families and friends use to connect with each other over distance. However, even with such technology readily available, we still do not have a good understanding of how video conferencing systems are used by people as a part of their domestic communication practices. For this reason, we have conducted interviews with 21 adults in the United States to understand video conferencing routines in the home and to inform the design of future domestic communication technologies. Our findings illustrate the importance of discerning availability and willingness to video conference prior to calling, the need to share everyday life activities in addition to conversation, and a need for new privacy protecting strategies that focus on autonomy and solitude as opposed to confidentiality.	Sharing conversation and sharing life: video conferencing in the home	NA:NA	2010
Marshini Chetty:Richard Banks:Richard Harper:Tim Regan:Abigail Sellen:Christos Gkantsidis:Thomas Karagiannis:Peter Key	As more technologies enter the home, householders are burdened with the task of digital housekeeping-managing and sharing digital resources like bandwidth. In response to this, we created and evaluated a domestic tool for bandwidth management called Home Watcher. Our field trial showed that when resource contention amongst different household members is made visible, people's understanding of bandwidth changes and household politics are revealed. In this paper, we describe the consequences of showing real time resource usage in a home, and how this varies depending on the social make up of the household.	Who's hogging the bandwidth: the consequences of revealing the invisible in the home	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Sharon Lynn Chu Yew Yee:Henry Been-Lirn Duh:Francis Quek	Narratives are an intimate part of our lives. Based on beha-vioral research suggesting that older adults tend to process text better at discourse level, this study investigates the im-pact of narrative structure on the enjoyment level of older game players. Two variations of a casual memory mobile game were built, one with a narrative and the other one without. Nineteen senior citizens, differentiated according to their play orientation, play-tested the games. Results show that embedding narratives in mobile games enhances the play experience of older adults, irrespective of their play style. This may have implications both for game developers and for seniors' acceptance of casual games.	Investigating narrative in mobile games for seniors	NA:NA:NA	2010
John Stasko	NA	Session details: Browsing	NA	2010
Patrick Dubroy:Ravin Balakrishnan	We present a study which investigated how and why users of Mozilla Firefox use multiple tabs and windows during web browsing. The detailed web browsing usage of 21 participants was logged over a period of 13 to 21 days each, and was supplemented by qualitative data from diary entries and interviews. Through an examination of several measures of their tab usage, we show that our participants had a strong preference for the use of tabs rather than multiple windows. We report the reasons they cited for using tabs, and the advantages over multiple windows. We identify several common tab usage patterns which browsers could explicitly support. Finally, we look at how tab usage affects web page revisitation. Most of our participants switched tabs more often than they used the back button, making tab switching the second most important navigation mechanism in the browser, after link clicking.	A study of tabbed browsing among mozilla firefox users	NA:NA	2010
Fanny Chevalier:Pierre Dragicevic:Anastasia Bezerianos:Jean-Daniel Fekete	This article examines the benefits of using text animated transitions for navigating in the revision history of textual documents. We propose an animation technique for smoothly transitioning between different text revisions, then present the Diffamation system. Diffamation supports rapid exploration of revision histories by combining text animated transitions with simple navigation and visualization tools. We finally describe a user study showing that smooth text animation allows users to track changes in the evolution of textual documents more effectively than flipping pages.	Using text animated transitions to support navigation in document histories	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Myoungsu Cho:Bohyoung Kim:Dong Kyun Jeong:Yeong-Gil Shin:Jinwook Seo	In this paper we present an interactive query interface called "TrapezoidBox" to support spatial proximity queries where users' degree of interest varies depending upon the degree of separation from the point of interest. Spatial proximity queries are commonly built in information seeking tasks especially on online maps. If not impossible, it is hard to formulate spatial proximity queries using existing dynamic query widgets such as range sliders. TrapezoidBox allows users to easily build spatial proximity queries by interactively adjusting a trapezoidal function. Our controlled user study results show that TrapezoidBox has several advantages over a baseline interface with range sliders.	Dynamic query interface for spatial proximity query with degree-of-interest varied by distance to query point	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Stephen Voida	NA	Session details: End-user programming II	NA	2010
Brian Dorn:Mark Guzdial	This paper reports on a study of professional web designers and developers. We provide a detailed characterization of their knowledge of fundamental programming concepts elicited through card sorting. Additionally, we present qualitative findings regarding their motivation to learn new concepts and the learning strategies they employ. We find a high level of recognition of basic concepts, but we identify a number of concepts that they do not fully understand, consider difficult to learn, and use infrequently. We also note that their learning process is motivated by work projects and often follows a pattern of trial and error. We conclude with implications for end-user programming researchers.	Learning on the job: characterizing the programming knowledge and learning strategies of web designers	NA:NA	2010
Valentina I. Grigoreanu:Margaret M. Burnett:George G. Robertson	End-user programmers' code is notoriously buggy. This problem is amplified by the increasing complexity of end users' programs. To help end users catch errors early and reliably, we employ a novel approach for the design of end-user debugging tools: a focus on supporting end users' effective debugging strategies. This paper makes two contributions. We first demonstrate the potential of a strategy-centric approach to tool design by presenting StratCel, an add-in for Excel. Second, we show the benefits of this design approach: participants using StratCel found twice as many bugs as participants using standard Excel, they fixed four times as many bugs, and all this in only a small fraction of the time. Other contributions included: a boost in novices' debugging performance near experienced participants' improved levels, validated design guidelines, a discussion of the generalizability of this approach, and several opportunities for future research.	A strategy-centric approach to the design of end-user debugging tools	NA:NA:NA	2010
Ian Li:Jeffrey Nichols:Tessa Lau:Clemens Drews:Allen Cypher	ActionShot is an integrated web browser tool that creates a fine-grained history of users' browsing activities by continually recording their browsing actions at the level of interactions, such as button clicks and entries into form fields. ActionShot provides interfaces to facilitate browsing and searching through this history, sharing portions of the history through established social networking tools such as Facebook, and creating scripts that can be used to repeat previous interactions at a later time. ActionShot can also create short textual summaries for sequences of interactions. In this paper, we describe the ActionShot and our initial explorations of the tool through field deployments within our organization and a lab study. Overall, we found that ActionShot's history features provide value beyond typical browser history interfaces.	Here's what i did: sharing and reusing web activity with ActionShot	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Scott Robertson	NA	Session details: HCI and India	NA	2010
Neil Patel:Deepti Chittamuru:Anupam Jain:Paresh Dave:Tapan S. Parikh	In this paper we present the results of a field study of Avaaj Otalo (literally, "voice stoop"), an interactive voice application for small-scale farmers in Gujarat, India. Through usage data and interviews, we describe how 51 farmers used the system over a seven month pilot deployment. The most popular feature of Avaaj Otalo was a forum for asking questions and browsing others' questions and responses on a range of agricultural topics. The forum developed into a lively social space with the emergence of norms, persistent moderation, and a desire for both structured interaction with institutionally sanctioned authorities and open discussion with peers. For all 51 users this was the first experience participating in an online community of any sort. In terms of usability, simple menu-based navigation was readily learned, with users preferring numeric input over speech. We conclude by discussing implications of our findings for designing voice-based social media serving rural communities in India and elsewhere.	Avaaj Otalo: a field study of an interactive voice forum for small farmers in rural India	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Anuj Kumar:Anuj Tewari:Geeta Shroff:Deepti Chittamuru:Matthew Kam:John Canny	Cellphones have the potential to improve education for the millions of underprivileged users in the developing world. However, mobile learning in developing countries remains under-studied. In this paper, we argue that cellphones are a perfect vehicle for making educational opportunities accessible to rural children in places and times that are more convenient than formal schooling. We carried out participant observations to identify the opportunities in their everyday lives for mobile learning. We next conducted a 26-week study to investigate the extent to which rural children will voluntarily make use of cellphones to access educational content. Our results show a reasonable level of academic learning and motivation. We also report on the social context around these results. Our goal is to examine the feasibility of mobile learning in out-of-school settings in rural, underdeveloped areas, and to help more researchers learn how to undertake similarly difficult studies around mobile computing in the developing world.	An exploratory study of unsupervised mobile learning in rural India	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Thomas N. Smyth:Satish Kumar:Indrani Medhi:Kentaro Toyama	We present the results of a qualitative study of the sharing and consumption of entertainment media on low-cost mobile phones in urban India, a practice which has evolved into a vibrant, informal socio-technical ecosystem. This wide-ranging phenomenon includes end users, mobile phone shops, and content distributors, and exhibits remarkable ingenuity. Even more impressive is the number of obstacles which have been surmounted in its establishment, from the technical (interface complexity, limited Internet access, viruses), to the broader socioeconomic (cost, language, legality, institutional rules, lack of privacy), all seemingly due to a strong desire to be entertained. Our findings carry two implications for projects in HCI seeking to employ technology in service of social and economic development. First, although great attention is paid to the details of UI in many such projects, we find that sufficient user motivation towards a goal turns UI barriers into mere speed bumps. Second, we suggest that needs assessments carry an inherent bias towards what outsiders consider needs, and that identified "needs" may not be as strongly felt as perceived.	Where there's a will there's a way: mobile media sharing in urban india	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Heather Richter Lipford	NA	Session details: Sharing in social media	NA	2010
Michael Muller:David R. Millen:Jonathan Feinberg	How do people use an enterprise file-sharing service? We describe patterns of usage in a social file-sharing service that was deployed in a large multinational enterprise. Factor analyses revealed four factors: Upload & Publicize (regarding one's own files); Annotate & Watch (add information to files and maintain awareness); Discover & Tell (find files uploaded by other users, and communicate to additional users about those files); and Refind (re-use one's own files). We explore the attributes of users who score highly on each of these factors, and we propose implications for design to encourage innovation in usage.	Patterns of usage in an enterprise file-sharing service: publicizing, discovering, and telling the news	NA:NA:NA	2010
Carlos Jensen:Heather Lonsdale:Eleanor Wynn:Jill Cao:Michael Slater:Thomas G. Dietterich	In the field of Human-Computer Interaction, provenance refers to the history and genealogy of a document or file. Provenance helps us to understand the evolution and relationships of files; how and when different versions of a document were created, or how different documents in a collection build on each other through copy-paste events. Though methods for tracking provenance and the subsequent use of this meta-data have been proposed and developed into tools, there have been no studies documenting the types and frequency of provenance events in typical computer use. This is knowledge essential for the design of efficient query methods and information displays. We conducted a longitudinal study of knowledge workers at Intel Corporation tracking provenance events in their computer use. We also interviewed knowledge workers to determine the effectiveness of provenance cues for document recall. Our data shows that provenance relationships are common, and provenance cues aid recall.	The life and times of files and information: a study of desktop provenance	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Emilee Rader	In an online experiment, I apply theory from psychology and communications to find out whether group information management tasks are governed by the same communication processes as conversation. This paper describes results that replicate previous research, and expand our knowledge about audience design and packaging for future reuse when communication is mediated by a co-constructed artifact like a file-and-folder hierarchy. Results indicate that it is easier for information consumers to search for files in hierarchies created by information producers who imagine their intended audience to be someone similar to them, independent of whether the producer and consumer actually share common ground. This research helps us better understand packaging choices made by information producers, and the direct implications of those choices for other users of group information systems.	The effect of audience design on labeling, organizing, and finding shared files	NA	2010
Aruna D. Balakrishnan:Tara Matthews:Thomas P. Moran	Knowledge workers expend considerable effort managing fragmentation, characterized by constant switching among digital artifacts, when executing work activities. Activity-centric computing (ACC) systems attempt to address this problem by organizing activity-related artifacts together. But are ACC systems effective at reducing fragmentation? In this paper, we present a two-part study of workers using Lotus Activities, an ACC system deployed for over two years in a large company. First, we surveyed workers to understand the ecology of workplace tools they use for various tasks. Second, we interviewed 22 Lotus Activities users to investigate how this ACC tool fits amongst their ecology of existing collaboration tools and affects work fragmentation. Our results indicate that Lotus Activities works in concert with certain other tools to successfully ease fragmentation for a specific type of activity. We identify design characteristics that contribute to this result.	Fitting an activity-centric system into an ecology of workplace tools	NA:NA:NA	2010
Orit Shaer	NA	Session details: Tactile interaction	NA	2010
Kevin Huang:Thad Starner:Ellen Do:Gil Weinberg:Daniel Kohlsdorf:Claas Ahlrichs:Ruediger Leibrandt	Mobile Music Touch (MMT) helps teach users to play piano melodies while they perform other tasks. MMT is a lightweight, wireless haptic music instruction system consisting of fingerless gloves and a mobile Bluetooth enabled computing device, such as a mobile phone. Passages to be learned are loaded into the mobile phone and are played repeatedly while the user performs other tasks. As each note of the music plays, vibrators on each finger in the gloves activate, indicating which finger is used to play each note. We present two studies on the efficacy of MMT. The first measures 16 subjects' ability to play a passage after using MMT for 30 minutes while performing a reading comprehension test. The MMT system was significantly more effective than a control condition where the passage was played repeatedly but the subjects' fingers were not vibrated. The second study compares the amount of time required for 10 subjects to replay short, randomly generated passages using passive training versus active training. Participants with no piano experience could repeat the passages after passive training while subjects with piano experience often could not.	Mobile music touch: mobile tactile stimulation for passive learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Craig Stewart:Michael Rohs:Sven Kratz:Georg Essl	We conducted a series of user studies to understand and clarify the fundamental characteristics of pressure in user interfaces for mobile devices. We seek to provide insight to clarify a longstanding discussion on mapping functions for pressure input. Previous literature is conflicted about the correct transfer function to optimize user performance. Our study results suggest that the discrepancy can be explained by different signal conditioning circuitry and with improved signal conditioning the user-performed precision relationship is linear. We also explore the effects of hand pose when applying pressure to a mobile device from the front, the back, or simultaneously from both sides in a pinching movement. Our results indicate that grasping type input outperforms single-sided input and is competitive with pressure input against solid surfaces. Finally we provide an initial exploration of non-visual multimodal feedback, motivated by the desire for eyes-free use of mobile devices. The findings suggest that non-visual pressure input can be executed without degradation in selection time but suffers from accuracy problems.	Characteristics of pressure-based input for mobile devices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Chi-Wing Fu:Jiazhi Xia:Ying He	Painting on 3D surfaces is an important operation in computer graphics, virtual reality, and computer aided design. The painting styles in existing WYSIWYG systems can be awkward, due to the difficulty in rotating or aligning an object for proper viewing during the painting. This paper proposes a multi-layer approach to building a practical, robust, and novel WYSIWYG interface for efficient painting on 3D models. The paintable area is not limited to the front-most visible surface on the screen as in conventional WYSIWYG interfaces. We can efficiently and interactively draw long strokes across different depth layers, and unveil occluded regions that one would like to see or paint on. In addition, since the painting is now depth-sensitive, we can avoid various potential painting artifacts and limitations in the conventional painting interfaces. This multi-layer approach brings in several novel painting operations that contribute to a more compelling WYSIWYG 3D painting interface; this is particular useful when dealing with complicated objects with occluded parts and objects that cannot be easily parameterized. We evaluated our system with 23 users, including both artists and novice painters, and obtained positive experimental results and feedback from them. The user study results demonstrate the efficacy of our novel interface over conventional painting interfaces.	LayerPaint: a multi-layer interactive 3D painting interface	NA:NA:NA	2010
Darren Gergle	NA	Session details: User characteristics and large-scale tracking	NA	2010
Jilin Chen:Yuqing Ren:John Riedl	The "wisdom of crowds" argument emphasizes the importance of diversity in online collaborations, such as open source projects and Wikipedia. However, decades of research on diversity in offline work groups have painted an inconclusive picture. On the one hand, the broader range of insights from a diverse group can lead to improved outcomes. On the other hand, individual differences can lead to conflict and diminished performance. In this paper, we examine the effects of group diversity on the amount of work accomplished and on member withdrawal behaviors in the context of WikiProjects. We find that increased diversity in experience with Wikipedia increases group productivity and decreases member withdrawal -- up to a point. Beyond that point, group productivity remains high, but members are more likely to withdraw. Strikingly, no such diminishing returns were observed for differences in member interest, which increases productivity and decreases member withdrawal in a linear fashion. Our results suggest that the low visibility of individual differences in online groups may allow them to harvest more of the benefits of diversity while bearing less of the cost. We discuss how our findings can inform further research of online collaboration.	The effects of diversity on group productivity and member withdrawal in online volunteer groups	NA:NA:NA	2010
Bernard J. Jansen:Lauren Solomon	In this research, we evaluate the effect of gender in analyzing the performance of sponsored search advertising. We examine a log file with data comprised of nearly 7,000,000 records spanning 33 consecutive months of a search engine marketing campaign from a major US retailer. We classify key phrases selected for the campaign with a probability of being targeted for a specific gender and then compare the consumer actions using the critical sponsored search metrics of impressions, clicks, cost-per-click, sales revenue, orders, and items sold. Findings from our analysis show that the gender-orientation of the key phrase is a significant determinant in predicting behaviors and performance, with statistically different consumer behaviors for all attributes as the probability of a male or female keyword phrase changes. However, gender neutral phrases perform the best overall, calling into question the benefits of demographic targeting. Insight from this research could result in sponsored results being more effectively targeted to searchers and potential consumers.	Gender demographic targeting in sponsored search	NA:NA	2010
Thea Turner:Pernilla Qvarfordt:Jacob T. Biehl:Gene Golovchinsky:Maribeth Back	The modern workplace is inherently collaborative, and this collaboration relies on effective communication among co-workers. Many communication tools -- email, blogs, wikis, Twitter, etc. -- have become increasingly available and accepted in workplace communications. In this paper, we report on a study of communications technologies used over a one year period in a small US corporation. We found that participants used a large number of communication tools for different purposes, and that the introduction of new tools did not impact significantly the use of previously-adopted technologies. Further, we identified distinct classes of users based on patterns of tool use. This work has implications for the design of technology in the evolving ecology of communication tools.	Exploring the workplace communication ecology	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Steve Benford	NA	Session details: Brains and brawn	NA	2010
T. Scott Saponas:Desney S. Tan:Dan Morris:Jim Turner:James A. Landay	Recent work in muscle sensing has demonstrated the poten-tial of human-computer interfaces based on finger gestures sensed from electrodes on the upper forearm. While this approach holds much potential, previous work has given little attention to sensing finger gestures in the context of three important real-world requirements: sensing hardware suitable for mobile and off-desktop environments, elec-trodes that can be put on quickly without adhesives or gel, and gesture recognition techniques that require no new training or calibration after re-donning a muscle-sensing armband. In this note, we describe our approach to over-coming these challenges, and we demonstrate average clas-sification accuracies as high as 86% for pinching with one of three fingers in a two-session, eight-person experiment.	Making muscle-computer interfaces more practical	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Beste F. Yuksel:Michael Donnerer:James Tompkin:Anthony Steed	We present a novel integration of a brain-computer interface (BCI) with a multi-touch surface. BCIs based on the P300 paradigm often use a visual stimulus of a flashing character to elicit an event related potential in the brain's EEG signal. Traditionally, P300-based BCI paradigms use a grid layout of visual targets, commonly an alphabet, and allow users to select targets using their thoughts. In our new system a multi-touch table senses objects placed upon its surface and the system can highlight the objects on the table by flashing an area of light around them. This allows us to construct a P300-based BCI that uses a user-assembled collection of objects as targets, rather than a pre-determined grid layout. An experiment shows that our new paradigm works just as well as the traditional paradigms, thus highlighting the potential for BCIs to be integrated in a broader range of situations.	A novel brain-computer interface using a multi-touch surface	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Kai Kuikkaniemi:Toni Laitinen:Marko Turpeinen:Timo Saari:Ilkka Kosunen:Niklas Ravaja	To understand how implicit and explicit biofeedback work in games, we developed a first-person shooter (FPS) game to experiment with different biofeedback techniques. While this area has seen plenty of discussion, there is little rigorous experimentation addressing how biofeedback can enhance human-computer interaction. In our two-part study, (N=36) subjects first played eight different game stages with two implicit biofeedback conditions, with two simulation-based comparison and repetition rounds, then repeated the two biofeedback stages when given explicit information on the biofeedback. The biofeedback conditions were respiration and skin-conductance (EDA) adaptations. Adaptation targets were four balanced player avatar attributes. We collected data with psycho¬physiological measures (electromyography, respiration, and EDA), a game experience questionnaire, and game-play measures. According to our experiment, implicit biofeedback does not produce significant effects in player experience in an FPS game. In the explicit biofeedback conditions, players were more immersed and positively affected, and they were able to manipulate the game play with the biosignal interface. We recommend exploring the possibilities of using explicit biofeedback interaction in commercial games.	The influence of implicit and explicit biofeedback in first-person shooter games	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Daniel Sjölie:Kenneth Bodin:Eva Elgh:Johan Eriksson:Lars-Erik Janlert:Lars Nyberg	The combination of virtual reality (VR) and brain measurements is a promising development of HCI, but the maturation of this paradigm requires more knowledge about how brain activity is influenced by parameters of VR applications. To this end we investigate the influence of two prominent VR parameters, 3d-motion and interactivity, while brain activity is measured for a mental rotation task, using functional MRI (fMRI). A mental rotation network of brain areas is identified, matching previous results. The addition of interactivity increases the activation in core areas of this network, with more profound effects in frontal and preparatory motor areas. The increases from 3d-motion are restricted to primarily visual areas. We relate these effects to emerging theories of cognition and potential applications for brain-computer interfaces (BCIs). Our results demonstrate one way to provoke increased activity in task-relevant areas, making it easier to detect and use for adaptation and development of HCI.	Effects of interactivity and 3D-motion on mental rotation brain activity in an immersive virtual environment	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Tony Tang	NA	Session details: Gesturing and drawing	NA	2010
Caroline Appert:Olivier Bau	Gesture-based interfaces provide expert users with an efficient form of interaction but they require a learning effort for novice users. To address this problem, some on-line guiding techniques display all available gestures in response to partial input. However, partial input recognition algorithms are scale dependent while most gesture recognizers support scale independence (i.e., the same shape at different scales actually invokes the same command). We propose an algorithm for estimating the scale of any partial input in the context of a gesture recognition system and illustrate how it can be used to improve users' experience with gesture-based systems.	Scale detection for a priori gesture recognition	NA:NA	2010
Karin Nieuwenhuizen:Dzmitry Aliakseyeu:Jean-Bernard Martens	The current paper proposes a novel method of analyzing goal-directed movements by dividing them into distinct movement intervals. We demonstrate how the description of the first and second most prominent movement intervals in terms of duration and length can provide insight into the applied movement strategies under different conditions. This method, although demonstrated for goal-directed movements, has the potential to be generalized to other types of movements, such as steering movements.	Insight into goal-directed movement strategies	NA:NA:NA	2010
Julie Rico:Stephen Brewster	Gesture-based mobile interfaces require users to change the way they use technology in public settings. Since mobile phones are part of our public appearance, designers must integrate gestures that users perceive as acceptable for pub-lic use. This topic has received little attention in the litera-ture so far. The studies described in this paper begin to look at the social acceptability of a set of gestures with re-spect to location and audience in order to investigate possi-ble ways of measuring social acceptability. The results of the initial survey showed that location and audience had a significant impact on a user's willingness to perform ges-tures. These results were further examined through a user study where participants were asked to perform gestures in different settings (including a busy street) over repeated trials. The results of this work provide gesture design rec-ommendations as well as social acceptability evaluation guidelines.	Usable gestures for mobile interfaces: evaluating social acceptability	NA:NA	2010
Daniel Dixon:Manoj Prasad:Tracy Hammond	When asked to draw, many people are hesitant because they consider themselves unable to draw well. This paper describes the first system for a computer to provide direction and feedback for assisting a user to draw a human face as accurately as possible from an image. Face recognition is first used to model the features of a human face in an image, which the user wishes to replicate. Novel sketch recognition algorithms were developed to use the information provided by the face recognition to evaluate the hand-drawn face. Two design iterations and user studies led to nine design principles for providing such instruction, presenting reference media, giving corrective feedback, and receiving actions from the user. The result is a proof-of-concept application that can guide a person through step-by-step instruction and generated feedback toward producing his/her own sketch of a human face in a reference image.	iCanDraw: using sketch recognition and corrective feedback to assist a user in drawing human faces	NA:NA:NA	2010
Shamsi Iqbal	NA	Session details: Medical exploration	NA	2010
Anne Marie Piper:Ross Campbell:James D. Hollan	This paper examines accessibility issues of surface computing with older adults and explores the appeal of surface computing for health care support. We present results from a study involving 20 older adults (age 60 to 88) performing gesture-based interactions on a multitouch surface. Older adults were able to successfully perform all actions on the surface computer, but some gestures that required two fingers (resize) and fine motor movement (rotate) were problematic. Ratings for ease of use and ease of performing each action as well as time required to figure out an action were similar to that of younger adults. Older adults reported that the surface computer was less intimidating, less frustrating, and less overwhelming than a traditional computer. The idea of using a surface computer for health care support was well-received by participants. We conclude with a discussion of design issues involving surface computing for older adults and use of this technology for health care.	Exploring the accessibility and appeal of surface computing for older adult health care support	NA:NA:NA	2010
Tamara Denning:Alan Borning:Batya Friedman:Brian T. Gill:Tadayoshi Kohno:William H. Maisel	Implantable medical devices (IMDs) improve patients' quality of life and help sustain their lives. In this study, we explore patient views and values regarding their devices to inform the design of computer security for wireless IMDs. We interviewed 13 individuals with implanted cardiac devices. Key questions concerned the evaluation of 8 mockups of IMD security systems. Our results suggest that some systems that are technically viable are nonetheless undesirable to patients. Patients called out a number of values that affected their attitudes towards the systems, including perceived security, safety, freedom from unwanted cultural and historical associations, and self-image. In our analysis, we extend the Value Sensitive Design value dams and flows technique in order to suggest multiple, complementary systems; in our discussion, we highlight some of the usability, regulatory, and economic complexities that arise from offering multiple options. We conclude by offering design guidelines for future security systems for IMDs.	Patients, pacemakers, and implantable defibrillators: human values and security for wireless implantable medical devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Daniela Buss	NA	Session details: Sense and sustainability	NA	2010
Helen Ai He:Saul Greenberg:Elaine M. Huang	Global warming, and the climate change it induces, is an urgent global issue. One remedy to this problem, and the focus of this paper, is to motivate sustainable energy usage behaviors by people. One approach is the development of technologies that provide real-time, continuous feedback of energy usage. However, there is one problem - most tech-nologies use a "one-size-fits-all" solution, providing the same feedback to differently motivated individuals at different stages of readiness, willingness and ableness to change. In this paper, we synthesize a wide range of motivational psychology literature to develop a motivational framework based on the Transtheoretical (aka Stages of Behavior Change) Model. For each stage, we state the mo-tivational goal(s), and recommendation(s) for how technol-ogies can reach these goals. Each goal and recommendation is supported by a rationale based on motivational literature. Each recommendation is supported by a simple textual example illustrating one way to apply the recommendation.	One size does not fit all: applying the transtheoretical model to energy feedback technology design	NA:NA:NA	2010
Leonardo Bonanni:Matthew Hockenberry:David Zwarg:Chris Csikszentmihalyi:Hiroshi Ishii	This paper introduces sustainable design applications for small businesses through the Life Cycle Assessment and supply chain publishing platform Sourcemap.org. This web-based tool was developed through a year-long participatory design process with five small businesses in Scotland and in New England. Sourcemap was used as a diagnostic tool for carbon accounting, design and supply chain management. It offers a number of ways to market sustainable practices through embedded and printed visualizations. Our experiences confirm the potential of web sustainability tools and social media to expand the discourse and to negotiate the diverse goals inherent in social and environmental sustainability.	Small business applications of sourcemap: a web tool for sustainable design and supply chain transparency	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Lichan Hong:Gregorio Convertino:Bongwon Suh:Ed H. Chi:Sanjay Kairam	Information overload is a growing threat to the productivity of today's knowledge workers, who need to keep track of multiple streams of information from various sources. RSS feed readers are a popular choice for syndicating information streams, but current tools tend to contribute to the overload problem instead of solving it. We introduce FeedWinnower, an enhanced feed aggregator that helps readers to filter feed items by four facets (topic, people, source, and time), thus facilitating feed triage. The combination of the four facets provides a powerful way for users to slice and dice their personal feeds. In addition, we present a formative evaluation of the prototype conducted with 15 knowledge workers in two different organizations.	FeedWinnower: layering structures over collections of information streams	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Dan Cosley	NA	Session details: Sharing content and searches	NA	2010
Robert Capra:Gary Marchionini:Javier Velasco-Martin:Katrina Muller	Improving search interfaces and algorithms are major foci of HCI and information retrieval (IR) research respectively. However, less attention has been given to understanding how users collect, manage, organize, and share the results they find from conducting searches on the Web and designing tools to support their needs. In this paper, we present results from a study in which we interviewed 30 people in three cohorts (academic researchers, corporate workers, and people looking for medical information) about their current practices conducting, managing, and sharing information from on-going, exploratory searches. We report results on users' current practices, tool use, areas of difficulties and associated coping strategies with emphasis on how information seekers use a variety of "tools-at-hand" beyond search engines and web browsers as they search, process, and share results, and on the learning processes that occur as they seek and use information over time.	Tools-at-hand and learning in multi-session, collaborative search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Yannick Assogba:Judith Donath	We introduce a programming environment entitled Share that is designed to encourage loosely bound cooperation between individuals within communities of practice through the sharing of code. Loosely bound cooperation refers to the opportunity community members have to assist and share resources with one another while maintaining their autonomy and independent practice. We contrast this model with forms of collaboration that enable large numbers of distributed individuals to collaborate on large scale works where they are guided by a shared vision of what they are collectively trying to achieve. We hypothesize that providing fine-grained, publicly visible attribution of code sharing activity within a community can provide socially motivated encouragement for code sharing. We present an overview of the design of our tool and the objectives that guided its design and a discussion of a small-scale deployment of our prototype among members of a particular community of practice.	Share: a programming environment for loosely bound cooperation	NA:NA	2010
Michael S. Bernstein:Adam Marcus:David R. Karger:Robert C. Miller	To find interesting, personally relevant web content, people rely on friends and colleagues to pass links along as they encounter them. In this paper, we study and augment link-sharing via e-mail, the most popular means of sharing web content today. Armed with survey data indicating that active sharers of novel web content are often those that actively seek it out, we developed FeedMe, a plug-in for Google Reader that makes directed sharing of content a more salient part of the user experience. FeedMe recommends friends who may be interested in seeing content that the user is viewing, provides information on what the recipient has seen and how many emails they have received recently, and gives recipients the opportunity to provide lightweight feedback when they appreciate shared content. FeedMe introduces a novel design space within mixed-initiative social recommenders: friends who know the user voluntarily vet the material on the user's behalf. We performed a two-week field experiment (N=60) and found that FeedMe made it easier and more enjoyable to share content that recipients appreciated and would not have found otherwise.	Enhancing directed content sharing on the web	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Jennifer Lai	NA	Session details: Tagging	NA	2010
Wei Dong:Wai-Tat Fu	Do people from different cultures tag digital images differently? The current study compared the content of tags for digital images created by two cultural groups: European Americans and Chinese. In line with previous findings on cultural differences in attentional patterns, we found similar cultural differences in the order of the image parts (e.g., foreground or background objects) that people tag. We found that for European Americans, the first tag was more likely assigned to the main objects than that by Chinese; but for Chinese, the first tag was more likely assigned to the overall description or relations between objects in the images. The findings had significant implications for designing cultural-sensitive tools to facilitate the tagging and search process of digital media, as well as for developing data-mining tools that identify user profiles based on their tagging patterns and cultural origins.	Cultural difference in image tagging	NA:NA	2010
Mauro Cherubini:Alejandro Gutierrez:Rodrigo de Oliveira:Nuria Oliver	People share pictures online to increase their social presence. However, recent studies have shown that most of the content shared in social networks is not looked at by peers. Proper metadata can be generated and used to improve the retrieval of this content. In spite of this, we still lack solutions for collecting valid descriptors of content that can be used effectively in the context of social information navigation. In this paper, we propose a mechanism based on persuasive techniques to support peers in providing metadata for multimedia content that can be used for a person's self-promotion. Through an iterative design and experimentation process, we demonstrate how this methodology can be used effectively to increase one's social presence thus building more enjoyable, rich, and creative content that is shared in the social network. In addition, we highlight implications that inform the design of social games with a purpose.	Social tagging revamped: supporting the users' need of self-promotion through persuasive techniques	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Shreeharsh Kelkar:Ajita John:Doree Duncan Seligmann	This paper describes preliminary findings related to a system for "live" collaborative tagging of enterprise meetings taking place on an audio bridge between distributed participants. Participants can apply tags to different points of the interaction as it is ongoing and can see, in near real-time, the "flow" of tags as they are being contributed. Two novel types of tags are proposed: "deep tags" that apply to a portion of the interaction and "instant tags" that apply to an instant of the interaction. Our system is being used by enterprise users and we analyze a corpus of 737 live-tags collected from 16 conversations that took place over several months. We found that the live-tags for audio have slightly different characteristics from Web 2.0 tags: they are longer and confer affordances on the audio like description and summarization. Some observations on the "cognitive cost" of live-tagging are offered.	Some observations on the "live" collaborative tagging of audio conferences in the enterprise	NA:NA:NA	2010
Mira Dontcheva	NA	Session details: Understanding and supporting programming	NA	2010
Michael Terry:Matthew Kay:Ben Lafreniere	This paper presents results from a study examining perceptions and practices of usability in the free/open source software (FOSS) community. 27 individuals associated with 11 different FOSS projects were interviewed to understand how they think about, act on, and are motivated to address usability issues. Our results indicate that FOSS project members possess rather sophisticated notions of software usability, which collectively mirror definitions commonly found in HCI textbooks. Our study also uncovered a wide range of practices that ultimately work to improve software usability. Importantly, these activities are typically based on close, direct interpersonal relationships between developers and their core users, a group of users who closely follow the project and provide high quality, respected feedback. These relationships, along with positive feedback from other users, generate social rewards that serve as the primary motivations for attending to usability issues on a day-to-day basis. These findings suggest a need to reconceptualize HCI methods to better fit this culture of practice and its corresponding value system.	Perceptions and practices of usability in the free/open source software (FoSS) community	NA:NA:NA	2010
Jill Cao:Yann Riche:Susan Wiedenbeck:Margaret Burnett:Valentina Grigoreanu	Programming has recently become more common among ordinary end users of computer systems. We believe that these end-user programmers are not just coders but also designers, in that they interlace making design decisions with coding rather than treating them as two separate phases. To better understand and provide support for the programming and design needs of end users, we propose a design theory-based approach to look at end-user programming. Toward this end, we conducted a think-aloud study with ten end users creating a web mashup. By analyzing users' verbal and behavioral data using Schön's reflection-in-action design model and the notion of ideations from creativity literature, we discovered insights into end-user programmers' problem-solving attempts, successes, and obstacles, with accompanying implications for the design of end-user programming environments for mashups. The contribution of our work is three-fold: 1) the methodology of using a design lens to view programming, 2) evidence, through insights gained, of the usefulness of this approach, and 3) the implications themselves.	End-user mashup programming: through the design lens	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Björn Hartmann:Daniel MacDougall:Joel Brandt:Scott R. Klemmer	Interpreting compiler errors and exception messages is challenging for novice programmers. Presenting examples of how other programmers have corrected similar errors may help novices understand and correct such errors. This paper introduces HelpMeOut, a social recommender system that aids the debugging of error messages by suggesting solutions that peers have applied in the past. HelpMeOut comprises IDE instrumentation to collect examples of code changes that fix errors; a central database that stores fix reports from many users; and a suggestion interface that, given an error, queries the database for a list of relevant fixes and presents these to the programmer. We report on implementations of this architecture for two programming languages. An evaluation with novice programmers found that the technique can suggest useful fixes for 47% of errors after 39 person-hours of programming in an instrumented environment.	What would other programmers do: suggesting solutions to error messages	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Kori Inkpen	NA	Session details: Avatars and virtual environments	NA	2010
Nelson Wong:Carl Gutwin	Deictic reference -- pointing at things during conversation -- is ubiquitous in human communication, and should also be an important tool in distributed collaborative virtual environments (CVEs). Pointing gestures can be complex and subtle, however, and pointing is much more difficult in the virtual world. In order to improve the richness of interaction in CVEs, it is important to provide better support for pointing and deictic reference, and a first step in this support is to determine how well people can interpret the direction that another person is pointing. To investigate this question, we carried out two studies. The first identified several ways that people point towards distant targets, and established that not all pointing requires high accuracy. This suggested that natural CVE pointing could potentially be successful; but no knowledge is available about whether even moderate accuracy is possible in CVEs. Therefore, our second study looked more closely at how accurately people can produce and interpret the direction of pointing gestures in CVEs. We found that although people are more accurate in the real world, the differences are smaller than expected; our results show that deixis can be successful in CVEs for many pointing situations, and provide a foundation for more comprehensive support of deictic pointing.	Where are you pointing?: the accuracy of deictic pointing in CVEs	NA:NA	2010
William Steptoe:Anthony Steed:Aitor Rovira:John Rae	The success of visual telecommunication systems depends on their ability to transmit and display users' natural nonverbal behavior. While video-mediated communication (VMC) is the most widely used form of interpersonal remote interaction, avatar-mediated communication (AMC) in shared virtual environments is increasingly common. This paper presents two experiments investigating eye tracking in AMC. The first experiment compares the degree of social presence experienced in AMC and VMC during truthful and deceptive discourse. Eye tracking data (gaze, blinking, and pupil size) demonstrates that oculesic behavior is similar in both mediation types, and uncovers systematic differences between truth telling and lying. Subjective measures show users' psychological arousal to be greater in VMC than AMC. The second experiment demonstrates that observers of AMC can more accurately detect truth and deception when viewing avatars with added oculesic behavior driven by eye tracking. We discuss implications for the design of future visual telecommunication media interfaces.	Lie tracking: social presence, truth and deception in avatar-mediated telecommunication	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Gina Venolia:John Tang:Ruy Cervantes:Sara Bly:George Robertson:Bongshin Lee:Kori Inkpen	Current business conditions have given rise to distributed teams that are mostly collocated except for one remote member. These "hub-and-satellite" teams face the challenge of the satellite colleague being out-of-sight and out-of-mind. We developed a telepresence device, called an Embodied Social Proxy (ESP), which represents the satellite coworker 24x7. Beyond using ESPs in our own group, we deployed an ESP in four product teams within our company for six weeks. We studied how ESP was used through ethnographic observations, surveys, and usage log data. ESP not only increased the satellite worker's ability to fully participate in meetings, it also increased the hub's attention and affinity towards the satellite. The continuous physical presence of ESP in each team improved the interpersonal social connections between hub and satellite colleagues.	Embodied social proxy: mediating interpersonal connection in hub-and-satellite teams	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Bill Tomlinson	NA	Session details: Crisis informatics	NA	2010
Thomas N. Smyth:John Etherton:Michael L. Best	While the history of traditional media in post-conflict peace building efforts is rich and well studied, the potential for interactive new media technologies in this area has gone unexplored. In cooperation with the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Liberia, we have constructed a novel interactive kiosk system, called MOSES, for use in that country's post-conflict reconciliation effort. The system allows the sharing of video messages between Liberians throughout the country, despite the presence of little or no communications infrastructure. In this paper, we describe the MOSES system, including several innovative design elements. We also present a novel design methodology we employed to manage the various distances between our design team and the intended user group in Liberia. Finally, we report on a qualitative study of the system with 27 participants from throughout Liberia. The study found that participants saw MOSES as giving them a voice and connecting them to other Liberians throughout the country; that the system was broadly usable by low-literate, novice users without human assistance; that the embodied conversational agent used in our design shows considerable promise; that users generally ascribed foreign involvement to the system; and that the system encouraged heavily group-oriented usage.	MOSES: exploring new ground in media and post-conflict reconciliation	NA:NA:NA	2010
Ban Al-Ani:Gloria Mark:Bryan Semaan	The blogosphere is changing how people experience war and conflict. We conducted an analysis of 125 blogs written by Iraqi citizens experiencing extreme disruption in their country. We used Hoffman's [8] stages of recovery model to understand how blogs support people in a region where conflict is occurring. We found that blogs create a safe virtual environment where people could interact, free of the violence in the physical environment and of the strict social norms of their changing society in wartime. Second, blogs enable a large network of global support through their interactive and personal nature. Third, blogs enable people experiencing a conflict to engage in dialogue with people outside their borders to discuss their situation. We discuss how blogs enable people to collaboratively interpret conflict through communities of interest and discussion with those who comment. We discuss how technology can better support blog use in a global environment.	Blogging in a region of conflict: supporting transition to recovery	NA:NA:NA	2010
Sarah Vieweg:Amanda L. Hughes:Kate Starbird:Leysia Palen	We analyze microblog posts generated during two recent, concurrent emergency events in North America via Twitter, a popular microblogging service. We focus on communications broadcast by people who were "on the ground" during the Oklahoma Grassfires of April 2009 and the Red River Floods that occurred in March and April 2009, and identify information that may contribute to enhancing situational awareness (SA). This work aims to inform next steps for extracting useful, relevant information during emergencies using information extraction (IE) techniques.	Microblogging during two natural hazards events: what twitter may contribute to situational awareness	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Kenton O'Hara	NA	Session details: Input, security, and privacy policies	NA	2010
Andrea Bianchi:Ian Oakley:Dong Soo Kwon	Authentication in public spaces poses significant security risks. Most significantly, passwords can be stolen, potentially leading to fraud. A common method to steal a PIN is through an observation attack, either using a camera or through direct observation (e.g. shoulder-surfing). This paper addresses this problem by presenting the design and implementation of a novel input keypad which uses tactile cues as means to compose a password. In this system, passwords are encoded as a sequence of randomized vibration patterns, making it visually impossible for an observer to detect which items are selected. An evaluation of this system shows it outperforms previous interfaces which have used tactile feedback to obfuscate passwords.	The secure haptic keypad: a tactile password system	NA:NA:NA	2010
David Kim:Paul Dunphy:Pam Briggs:Jonathan Hook:John W. Nicholson:James Nicholson:Patrick Olivier	The introduction of tabletop interfaces has given rise to the need for the development of secure and usable authentication techniques that are appropriate for the co-located collaborative settings for which they have been designed. Most commonly, user authentication is based on something you know, but this is a particular problem for tabletop interfaces, as they are particularly vulnerable to shoulder surfing given their remit to foster co-located collaboration. In other words, tabletop users would typically authenticate in full view of a number of observers. In this paper, we introduce and evaluate a number of novel tabletop authentication schemes that exploit the features of multi-touch interaction in order to inhibit shoulder surfing. In our pilot work with users, and in our formal user-evaluation, one authentication scheme - Pressure-Grid - stood out, significantly enhancing shoulder surfing resistance when participants used it to enter both PINs and graphical passwords.	Multi-touch authentication on tabletops	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Alexander De Luca:Katja Hertzschuch:Heinrich Hussmann	Automated teller machine (ATM) frauds are increasing drastically these days. When analyzing the most common attacks and the reasons for successful frauds, it becomes apparent that the main problem lies in the PIN based authentication which in itself does not provide any security features (besides the use of asterisks). That is, security is solely based on a user's behavior. Indirect input is one way to solve this problem. This mostly comes at the costs of adding overhead to the input process. We present ColorPIN, an authentication mechanism that uses indirect input to provide security enhanced PIN entry. At the same time, ColorPIN remains a one-to-one relationship between the length of the PIN and the required number of clicks. A user study showed that ColorPIN is significantly more secure than standard PIN entry while enabling good authentication speed in comparison with related systems.	ColorPIN: securing PIN entry through indirect input	NA:NA:NA	2010
Alain Forget:Sonia Chiasson:Robert Biddle	We present Cued Gaze-Points (CGP) as a shoulder-surfing resistant cued-recall graphical password scheme where users gaze instead of mouse-click. This approach has several advantages over similar eye-gaze systems, including a larger password space and its cued-recall nature that can help users remember multiple distinct passwords. Our 45-participant lab study is the first evaluation of gaze-based password entry via user-selected points on images. CGP's usability is potentially acceptable, warranting further refinement and study.	Shoulder-surfing resistance with eye-gaze entry in cued-recall graphical passwords	NA:NA:NA	2010
Heather Richter Lipford:Jason Watson:Michael Whitney:Katherine Froiland:Robert W. Reeder	In this paper, we compare the impact of two different privacy policy representations -- AudienceView and Expandable Grids -- on users modifying privacy policies for a social network site. Despite the very different interfaces, there were very few differences in user performance. However, users had clear, and different, preferences and acknowledged the tradeoffs between the two representations. Our results imply that while either interface would be a usable option for policy settings, a combination may appeal to a wider audience and offer the best of both worlds.	Visual vs. compact: a comparison of privacy policy interfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Panayiotis Zaphiris	NA	Session details: Seniors using technologies	NA	2010
Juan Pablo Hourcade:Christopher M. Nguyen:Keith B. Perry:Natalie L. Denburg	Perceptual, cognitive and motor deficits cause many older adults to have difficulty conducting pointing tasks on computers. Many strategies have been discussed in the HCI community to aid older adults and others in pointing tasks. We present a different approach in PointAssist, software that aids in pointing tasks by analyzing the characteristics of sub-movements, detecting when users have difficulty pointing, and triggering a precision mode that slows the speed of the cursor in those cases. PointAssist is designed to help maintain pointing skills, runs as a background process working with existing software, is not vulnerable to clusters of targets or targets in the way, and does not modify the visual appearance or the feel of user interfaces. There is evidence from a prior study that PointAssist helps young children conduct pointing tasks. In this paper, we present a study evaluating PointAssist with twenty older adults (ages 66-88). The study participants benefited from greater accuracy when using PointAssist, when compared to using the "enhance pointer precision" option in Windows XP. In addition, we provide evidence of correlations between neuropsychological measures, pointing performance, and PointAssist detecting pointing difficulty.	Pointassist for older adults: analyzing sub-movement characteristics to aid in pointing tasks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Karyn Moffatt:Joanna McGrenere	Tablet PCs are gaining popularity but many older adults still struggle with pointing, particularly with two error types: missing, landing and lifting outside the target bounds; and slipping, landing on the target, but slipping off before lifting. To solve these problems, we examined the feasibility of extending and combining existing techniques designed for younger users and the mouse, focusing our investigation on the Bubble cursor and Steady Clicks techniques. Through a laboratory experiment with younger and older adults, we showed that both techniques can be adapted for use in a pen interface, and that combining the two techniques provides greater support than either technique on its own. Though our results were especially pertinent to the older group, both ages benefited from the designs. We also found that technique performance depended on task context. From these findings we established guidelines for technique selection.	Steadied-bubbles: combining techniques to address pen-based pointing errors for younger and older adults	NA:NA	2010
Alexandra Weilenmann	This paper is based on an interaction analysis of video recordings of seniors being instructed in the use of texting. Learning to text is a complex ordeal for the elderly, which not only involves grasping such complex phenomena as hierarchically organized menus and text prediction technology, but also more mundane and seemingly simple skills as pressing the keys. The latter is the primary focus of the analysis, as this is a common and taken for granted skill upon which many HCI systems rely. We show how the seniors struggle with learning to press in a sequence, embodying the timing and rhythm of key pressing, and orchestrating their vision and pressing. The study contributes to the general field of mobile phone design for the elderly, to our knowledge on how people appropriate and learn to use new technologies, as well as adds to models explaining novice users' mastering of text input.	Learning to Text: An Interaction Analytic Study of How Seniors Learn to Enter Text on Mobile Phones	NA	2010
Shahram Izadi	NA	Session details: Tangible UI	NA	2010
Florian Block:Hans Gellersen:Nicolas Villar	In spite of many advances in GUI workstations, the keyboard has remained limited to text entry and basic command invocation. In this work, we introduce the Touch-Display Keyboard (TDK), a novel keyboard that combines the physical-ergonomic qualities of the conventional keyboard with dynamic display and touch-sensing embedded in each key. The TDK effectively transforms the keyboard into an interactive surface that is seamlessly integrated with the interaction space of GUIs, extending graphical output, mouse interaction and three-state input to the keyboard. This gives rise to an entirely new design space of interaction across keyboard, mouse and screen, for which we provide a first systematic analysis in this paper. We illustrate the emerging design opportunities with a host of novel interaction concepts and techniques, and show how these contribute to expressiveness of GUIs, exploration and learning of keyboard interfaces, and interface customization across graphics display and physical keyboard.	Touch-display keyboards: transforming keyboards into interactive surfaces	NA:NA:NA	2010
Kai-Yin Cheng:Rong-Hao Liang:Bing-Yu Chen:Rung-Huei Laing:Sy-Yen Kuo	This work describes a novel approach to utilizing everyday objects of users as additional, auxiliary, and instant tabletop controllers. Based on this approach, a prototype platform, called iCon, is developed to explore the possible design. Field studies and user studies reveal that utilizing everyday objects such as auxiliary input devices might be appropriate under a multi-task scenario. User studies further demonstrate that daily objects can generally be applied in low precision circumstances, low engagement with selected objects, and medium-to-high frequency of use. The proposed approach allows users to interact with computers while not altering their original work environments.	iCon: utilizing everyday objects as additional, auxiliary and instant tabletop controllers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Patrick Baudisch:Torsten Becker:Frederik Rudeck	Tabletop computers based on diffuse illumination can track fiducial markers placed on the table's surface. In this paper, we demonstrate how to do the same with objects arranged in a three-dimensional structure without modifying the table. We present lumino, a system of building blocks. In addition to a marker, each block contains a glass fiber bundle. The bundle optically guides the light reflected off markers in the higher levels down to the table surface, where the table's built-in camera reads it. While guiding marker images down, the bundle optically scales and rearranges them. It thereby fits the images of an entire vertical arrangement of markers into the horizontal space usually occupied by a single 2D marker. We present six classes of blocks and matching marker designs, each of which is optimized for different requirements. We show three demo applications. One of them is a construction kit that logs and critiques constructions. The presented blocks are unpowered and maintenance-free, keeping larger numbers of blocks manageable.	Lumino: tangible blocks for tabletop computers based on glass fiber bundles	NA:NA:NA	2010
Ed H. Chi	NA	Session details: Understanding comments	NA	2010
Siamak Faridani:Ephrat Bitton:Kimiko Ryokai:Ken Goldberg	Internet users are increasingly inclined to contribute comments to online news articles, videos, product reviews, and blogs. The most common interface for comments is a list, sorted by time of entry or by binary ratings. It is widely recognized that such lists do not scale well and can lead to "cyberpolarization," which serves to reinforce extreme opinions. We present Opinion Space: a new online interface incorporating ideas from deliberative polling, dimensionality reduction, and collaborative filtering that allows participants to visualize and navigate through a diversity of comments. This self-organizing system automatically highlights the comments found most insightful by users from a range of perspectives. We report results of a controlled user study. When Opinion Space was compared with a chronological List interface, participants read a similar diversity of comments. However, they were significantly more engaged with the system, and they had significantly higher agreement with and respect for the comments they read.	Opinion space: a scalable tool for browsing online comments	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Jilin Chen:Rowan Nairn:Les Nelson:Michael Bernstein:Ed Chi	More and more web users keep up with newest information through information streams such as the popular micro-blogging website Twitter. In this paper we studied content recommendation on Twitter to better direct user attention. In a modular approach, we explored three separate dimensions in designing such a recommender: content sources, topic interest models for users, and social voting. We implemented 12 recommendation engines in the design space we formulated, and deployed them to a recommender service on the web to gather feedback from real Twitter users. The best performing algorithm improved the percentage of interesting content to 72% from a baseline of 33%. We conclude this work by discussing the implications of our recommender design and how our design can generalize to other information streams.	Short and tweet: experiments on recommending content from information streams	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Nicholas A. Diakopoulos:David A. Shamma	Television broadcasters are beginning to combine social micro-blogging systems such as Twitter with television to create social video experiences around events. We looked at one such event, the first U.S. presidential debate in 2008, in conjunction with aggregated ratings of message sentiment from Twitter. We begin to develop an analytical methodology and visual representations that could help a journalist or public affairs person better understand the temporal dynamics of sentiment in reaction to the debate video. We demonstrate visuals and metrics that can be used to detect sentiment pulse, anomalies in that pulse, and indications of controversial topics that can be used to inform the design of visual analytic systems for social media events.	Characterizing debate performance via aggregated twitter sentiment	NA:NA	2010
Changyan Chi:Michelle X. Zhou:Min Yang:Wenpeng Xiao:Yiqin Yu:Xiaohua Sun	Dandelion is a tool that extends wikis to support coordinated, collaborative authoring using a tag-based approach. Specifically, users can insert tags in a wiki page to specify various co-authoring tasks. These tags can then be executed to help drive and manage the collaboration workflow, and provide content-centric collaboration awareness for all the co-authors. Four successful pilot deployments and positive user feedback show the practical value of Dandelion, especially its value in supporting a structured, collaborative authoring process often seen in business settings.	Dandelion: supporting coordinated, collaborative authoring in Wikis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Mark Perry	NA	Session details: Caring for ourselves	NA	2010
Lena Mamykina:Andrew D. Miller:Elizabeth D. Mynatt:Daniel Greenblatt	The continuing epidemics of diabetes and obesity create much need for information technologies that can help individuals engage in proactive health management. Yet many of these technologies focus on such pragmatic issues as collecting and presenting health information and modifying individuals' behavior. At the same time, researchers in clinical community argue that individuals' perception of their identity has dramatic consequences for their health behaviors. In this paper we discuss results of a deployment study of a mobile health monitoring application. We show how individuals with considerable diabetes experience found a unique way to adopt this health-monitoring application to construct and negotiate their identities as persons with a chronic disease. We argue that viewing health management from identity construction perspective opens new opportunities for research and design in technologies for health.	Constructing identities through storytelling in diabetes management	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Julie Maitland:Matthew Chalmers	The application of self-monitoring technologies to the problem of promoting health-related behavioural change has been an active area of research for many years. This paper reports on our investigations into health-related behavioural change within the context of a cardiac rehabilitation programme, and considers the role that self-monitoring currently plays and may play in the future. We carried out semi-structured interviews with nineteen cardiac rehabilitation participants. Our main findings relate to distinctions between implicit and conscious change, tensions between cardiac rehabilitation and everyday life, the importance of self-awareness and self-determination, and an overall reluctance towards unnecessary self-monitoring. In view of these findings, we then offer suggestions as to how self-monitoring technologies can be designed to suit this particular context of use.	Self-monitoring, self-awareness, and self-determination in cardiac rehabilitation	NA:NA	2010
Rikke Aarhus:Stinne Aaløkke Ballegaard	To move treatment successfully from the hospital to that of technology assisted self-care at home, it is vital in the design of such technologies to understand the setting in which the health IT should be used. Based on qualitative studies we find that people engage in elaborate boundary work to maintain the order of the home when managing disease and adopting new healthcare technology. In our analysis we relate this boundary work to two continuums of visibility-invisibility and integration-segmentation in disease management. We explore five factors that affect the boundary work: objects, activities, places, character of disease, and collaboration. Furthermore, the processes are explored of how boundary objects move between social worlds pushing and shaping boundaries. From this we discuss design implications for future healthcare technologies for the home.	Negotiating boundaries: managing disease at home	NA:NA	2010
Susan Fussell	NA	Session details: Communicating	NA	2010
Patti Bao:Elizabeth Gerber:Darren Gergle:David Hoffman	Despite the prevalent use of group brainstorming for problem solving and decision-making within organizations, brainstorming sessions often lack focus and fail to produce quality ideas. We describe Momentum, a tool that elicits topic-oriented responses prior to a group brainstorm. In an exploratory study, we found qualitative differences in task focus, quality and rate of ideation, and efficiency of storytelling between users and non-users of the tool.	Momentum: getting and staying on topic during a brainstorm	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Greg Walsh:Alison Druin:Mona Leigh Guha:Elizabeth Foss:Evan Golub:Leshell Hatley:Elizabeth Bonsignore:Sonia Franckel	As technology for children becomes more mobile, social, and distributed, our design methods and techniques must evolve to better explore these new directions. This paper reports on "Layered Elaboration," a co-design technique created to support these evolving needs. .Layered Elaboration allows design teams to generate ideas through an iterative process in which each version leaves prior ideas intact while extending concepts. Layered Elaboration is a useful technique as it enables co-design to take place asynchronously and does not require much space or many resources. Our intergenerational team, including adults and children ages 7 -- 11 years old, used the technique to design both a game about history and a prototype of an instructional game about energy conservation.	Layered elaboration: a new technique for co-design with children	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Ning Wang:Jonathan Gratch	Communication is more effective and persuasive when participants establish rapport. Tickle-Degnen and Rosenthal [57] argue rapport arises when participants exhibit mutual attentiveness, positivity and coordination. In this paper, we investigate how these factors relate to perceptions of rapport when users interact via avatars in virtual worlds. In this study, participants told a story to what they believed was the avatar of another participant. In fact, the avatar was a computer program that systematically manipulated levels of attentiveness, positivity and coordination. In contrast to Tickel-Degnen and Rosenthal's findings, high-levels of mutual attentiveness alone can dramatically lower perceptions of rapport in avatar communication. Indeed, an agent that attempted to maximize mutual attention performed as poorly as an agent that was designed to convey boredom. Adding positivity and coordination to mutual attentiveness, on the other hand, greatly improved rapport. This work unveils the dependencies between components of rapport and informs the design of agents and avatars in computer mediated communication.	Don't just stare at me!	NA:NA	2010
Svetlana Yarosh:Kori M. Inkpen:A.J. Bernheim Brush	We present an empirical investigation of video-mediated free play between 13 pairs of friends (ages 7 and 8). The pairs spent 10 minutes playing with each of four different prototypes we developed to support free play over videoconferencing. We coded each interaction for the types of play and the amount of social play observed. The children in our study were largely successful in playing together across videoconferencing, though challenges in managing visibility, attention, and intersubjectivity made it more difficult than face-to-face play. We also found that our prototypes supported some types of play to varying degrees. Our contribution lies in identifying these design tradeoffs and providing directions for future design of video-mediated communication systems for children.	Video playdate: toward free play across distance	NA:NA:NA	2010
Juan Pablo Hourcade	NA	Session details: Driving, interrupted	NA	2010
Jodi Forlizzi:William C. Barley:Thomas Seder	The design of in-vehicle navigation systems fails to take into account the social nature of driving and automobile navigation. In this paper, we consider navigation as a social activity among drivers and navigators to improve design of such systems. We explore the implications of moving from a map-centered, individually-focused design paradigm to one based upon collaborative human interaction during the navigation task. We conducted a qualitative interaction design study of navigation among three types of teams: parents and their teenage children, couples, and unacquainted individuals. We found that collaboration varied among these different teams, and was influenced by social role, as well as the task role of driver or navigator. We also found that patterns of prompts, maneuvers, and confirmations varied among the three teams. We identify overarching practices that differ greatly from the literature on individual navigation. From these discoveries, we present design implications that can be used to inform future navigation systems.	Where should i turn: moving from individual to collaborative navigation strategies to inform the interaction design of future navigation systems	NA:NA:NA	2010
Brit Susan Jensen:Mikael B. Skov:Nissanthen Thiruravichandran	Global Positioning System (GPS) navigation systems were amongst the top selling consumer technologies in 2008 and research has indicated that such technologies could affect driving behaviour. In this paper, we study how different output configurations (audio, visual and audio-visual) of a GPS system affect driving behaviour and performance. We conducted field experiments in real traffic with 30 subjects. Our results illustrated that visual output not only causes a substantial amount of eye glances, but also led to a decrease in driving performance. Adding audio output decreased the number of eye glances, but we found no significant effects on driving performance. Although the audio configuration implied much fewer eye glances and improved driving performance, several participants expressed preference for the audio/visual output.	Studying driver attention and behaviour for three configurations of GPS navigation in real traffic driving	NA:NA:NA	2010
Shamsi T. Iqbal:Yun-Cheng Ju:Eric Horvitz	Conversing on cell phones while driving an automobile is a common practice. We examine the interference of the cognitive load of conversational dialog with driving tasks, with the goal of identifying better and worse times for conversations during driving. We present results from a controlled study involving 18 users using a driving simulator. The driving complexity and conversation type were manipulated in the study, and performance was measured for factors related to both the primary driving task and secondary conversation task. Results showed significant interactions between the primary and secondary tasks, where certain combinations of complexity and conversations were found especially detrimental to driving. We present the studies and analyses and relate the findings to prior work on multiple resource models of cognition. We discuss how the results can frame thinking about policies and technologies aimed at enhancing driving safety.	Cars, calls, and cognition: investigating driving and divided attention	NA:NA:NA	2010
Michael Muller	NA	Session details: HCI for all	NA	2010
Jill Palzkill Woelfer:David G. Hendry	This paper explores how homeless young people, aged 13-25, make use of information systems in daily life. Observed in a community technology center, four different examples of uses are described: i) Using digital tools to find employment, ii) Telling stories with representations of the built world, iii) Portraying life on the street with video, and iv) Constructing online identities. From these examples and a discussion of this community, a framework of ecological considerations is proposed. This framework distinguishes between elements of 'life' on the street (Self-Reliance, Vulnerability, and Basic Needs) and 'work' in the community technology center (Conformity, Youth-Adult Relationships, and Goals). Any information system for homeless young people must engage the tensions and opportunities that arise from these two different perspectives of homelessness.	Homeless young people's experiences with information systems: life and work in a community technology center	NA:NA	2010
Shaowen Bardzell	Feminism is a natural ally to interaction design, due to its central commitments to issues such as agency, fulfillment, identity, equity, empowerment, and social justice. In this paper, I summarize the state of the art of feminism in HCI and propose ways to build on existing successes to more robustly integrate feminism into interaction design research and practice. I explore the productive role of feminism in analogous fields, such as industrial design, architecture, and game design. I introduce examples of feminist interaction design already in the field. Finally, I propose a set of femi-nist interaction design qualities intended to support design and evaluation processes directly as they unfold.	Feminist HCI: taking stock and outlining an agenda for design	NA	2010
Lilly Irani:Janet Vertesi:Paul Dourish:Kavita Philip:Rebecca E. Grinter	As our technologies travel to new cultural contexts and our designs and methods engage new constituencies, both our design and analytical practices face significant challenges. We offer postcolonial computing as an analytical orientation to better understand these challenges. This analytic orientation inspires four key shifts in our approach to HCI4D efforts: generative models of culture, development as a historical program, uneven economic relations, and cultural epistemologies. Then, through reconsideration of the practices of engagement, articulation and translation in other contexts, we offer designers and researchers ways of understanding use and design practice to respond to global connectivity and movement.	Postcolonial computing: a lens on design and development	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Olivier Chapuis	NA	Session details: Interaction techniques	NA	2010
Jacek Jankowski:Krystian Samp:Izabela Irzynska:Marek Jozwowicz:Stefan Decker	There have been many studies of computer based text reading. However, only a few have considered text integrated with video and 3D graphics. This paper presents an investigation into the effects of varying (a) text drawing style (plain, billboard, Anti-Interference, shadow), (b) image polarity (positive and negative), and (c) background style (video and 3D) on text readability. Reading speed and accuracy were measured and subjective views of participants recorded. Results showed that: (a) there was little difference in reading performance for the video and 3D backgrounds; (b) the negative presentation outperformed the positive presentation; (c) the billboard drawing styles supported the best performance; subjective comments showed a preference for the billboard style. We therefore suggest, for reading tasks, that designers of interfaces for games, video, and augmented reality provide billboard style to maximize readability for the widest range of applications.	Integrating Text with Video and 3D Graphics: The Effects of Text Drawing Styles on Text Readability	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Daniel S. Eisenberg:Jeffrey Stylos:Brad A. Myers	We present Apatite, a new tool that aids users in learning and understanding a complex API by visualizing the common associations between its various components. Current object-oriented API documentation is usually navigated in a fixed tree structure, starting with a package and then filtering by a specific class. For large APIs, this scheme is overly restrictive, because it prevents users from locating a particular action without first knowing which class it belongs to. Apatite's design instead enables users to search across any level of an API's hierarchy. This is made possible by the introduction of a novel interaction technique that presents popular items from multiple categories simultaneously, determining their relevance by approximating the strength of their association using search engine data. The design of Apatite was refined through iterative usability testing, and it has been released publicly as a web application.	Apatite: a new interface for exploring APIs	NA:NA:NA	2010
Quan Xu:Géry Casiez	We propose Push-and-Pull Switching, a window switching technique using window overlapping to implicitly define groups. Push-and-Pull Switching enables switching between groups and restacking the focused window to any position to change its group membership. The technique was evaluated in an experiment which found that Push-and-Pull Switching improves switching performance by more than 50% compared to other switching techniques in different scenarios. A longitudinal user study indicates that participants invoked this switching technique 15% of the time on single monitor displays and that they found it easy to understand and use.	Push-and-pull switching: window switching based on window overlapping	NA:NA	2010
Jussi Huhtala:Ari-Heikki Sarjanoja:Jani Mäntyjärvi:Minna Isomursu:Jonna Häkkilä	The capability to present advanced graphics in the present mobile devices can be utilized to improve their usability and overall user experience. Mobile devices have limitations compared to PCs due to their inferior computing power and small screens, but a successful design of animated transitions can hide processing delays and make the user experience smoother. In this paper, we describe the design of animated transitions and present a user study on how they are perceived. The results show that in the transition between two images, bringing up the next image earlier dominates the perception of a fast transition over other variables examined in the study.	Animated UI transitions and perception of time: a user study on animated effects on a mobile screen	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Per Ola Kristensson	NA	Session details: Machine learning and web interactions	NA	2010
Ashish Kapoor:Bongshin Lee:Desney Tan:Eric Horvitz	Interest has been growing within HCI on the use of machine learning and reasoning in applications to classify such hidden states as user intentions, based on observations. HCI researchers with these interests typically have little expertise in machine learning and often employ toolkits as relatively fixed "black boxes" for generating statistical classifiers. However, attempts to tailor the performance of classifiers to specific application requirements may require a more sophisticated understanding and custom-tailoring of methods. We present ManiMatrix, a system that provides controls and visualizations that enable system builders to refine the behavior of classification systems in an intuitive manner. With ManiMatrix, users directly refine parameters of a confusion matrix via an interactive cycle of re-classification and visualization. We present the core methods and evaluate the effectiveness of the approach in a user study. Results show that users are able to quickly and effectively modify decision boundaries of classifiers to tai-lor the behavior of classifiers to problems at hand.	Interactive optimization for steering machine classification	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Jaime Teevan:Susan T. Dumais:Daniel J. Liebling	The Web is constantly changing, but most tools used to access Web content deal only with what can be captured at a single instance in time. As a result, Web users may not have a good understanding of the changes that occur. In this paper we show that making Web content change explicitly visible allows people to interact with the Web in new ways. We present a longitudinal study in which 30 people used a Web browser plug-in that caches visited pages and highlights text changes to those pages when revisited. We used a survey to capture their understanding of Web page change and their own revisitation patterns at the beginning of use and after one month. For a majority of the participants, we also logged their Web page visits and associated content change. Exposing change is more valuable to our participants than initially expected, making them aware of how dynamic content they visit is and changing their interactions with it.	A longitudinal study of how highlighting web content change affects people's web interactions	NA:NA:NA	2010
Saleema Amershi:James Fogarty:Ashish Kapoor:Desney Tan	End-user interactive concept learning is a technique for interacting with large unstructured datasets, requiring insights from both human-computer interaction and machine learning. This note re-examines an assumption implicit in prior interactive machine learning research, that interaction should focus on the question "what class is this object?". We broaden interaction to include examination of multiple potential models while training a machine learning system. We evaluate this approach and find that people naturally adopt revision in the interactive machine learning process and that this improves the quality of their resulting models for difficult concepts.	Examining multiple potential models in end-user interactive concept learning	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Jure Leskovec:Daniel Huttenlocher:Jon Kleinberg	Relations between users on social media sites often reflect a mixture of positive (friendly) and negative (antagonistic) interactions. In contrast to the bulk of research on social networks that has focused almost exclusively on positive interpretations of links between people, we study how the interplay between positive and negative relationships affects the structure of on-line social networks. We connect our analyses to theories of signed networks from social psychology. We find that the classical theory of structural balance tends to capture certain common patterns of interaction, but that it is also at odds with some of the fundamental phenomena we observe --- particularly related to the evolving, directed nature of these on-line networks. We then develop an alternate theory of status that better explains the observed edge signs and provides insights into the underlying social mechanisms. Our work provides one of the first large-scale evaluations of theories of signed networks using on-line datasets, as well as providing a perspective for reasoning about social media sites.	Signed networks in social media	NA:NA:NA	2010
Michel Beaudouin-Lafon	NA	Session details: Pointing and selecting	NA	2010
David Ahlström:Andy Cockburn:Carl Gutwin:Pourang Irani	We consider different hierarchical menu and toolbar-like interface designs from a theoretical perspective and show how a model based on visual search time, pointing time, decision time and expertise development can assist in understanding and predicting interaction performance. Three hierarchical menus designs are modelled -- a traditional pull-down menu, a pie menu and a novel Square Menu with its items arranged in a grid -- and the predictions are validated in an empirical study. The model correctly predicts the relative performance of the designs -- both the eventual dominance of Square Menus compared to traditional and pie designs and a performance crossover as users gain experience. Our work shows the value of modelling in HCI design, provides new insights about performance with different hierarchical menu designs, and demonstrates a new high-performance menu type.	Why it's quick to be square: modelling new and existing hierarchical menu designs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Ian Stavness:Billy Lam:Sidney Fels	In this paper, we describe the design of a personal cubic display that offers novel interaction techniques for static and dynamic 3D content. We extended one-screen Fish Tank VR by arranging five small LCD panels into a box shape that is light and compact enough to be handheld. The display uses head-coupled perspective rendering and a real-time physics simulation engine to establish an interaction metaphor of having real objects inside a physical box that a user can hold and manipulate. We evaluated our prototype as a visualization tool and as an input device by comparing it with a conventional LCD display and mouse for a 3D tree-tracing task. We found that bimanual interaction with pCubee and a mouse offered the best performance and was most preferred by users. pCubee has potential in 3D visualization and interactive applications such as games, storytelling and education, as well as viewing 3D maps, medical and architectural data.	pCubee: a perspective-corrected handheld cubic display	NA:NA:NA	2010
Huahai Yang:Xianggang Xu	Extending Fitts' law to more than one dimension has been recognized as having important implications for HCI. In spite of the progress made over the years, however, it is still far from a resolved issue. Our work approaches this problem from the viewpoint of a configuration space, which has served as a useful conceptual framework for understanding human preference in perception. Notably, human are found to be biased towards regular configurations. In this work, we extended the configuration space framework to the domain of motor behavior, analyzed 2D pointing, and developed five models to account for the performance. An extensive experiment was conducted to measure the fit of the derived models and that of three previous models. Consistent with our hypothesis, the model reflecting a bias towards regular configuration was found to have the most satisfactory fit with the data. The paper concludes with discussions on improving understanding of Fitts' law and the implications for HCI.	Bias towards regular configuration in 2D pointing	NA:NA	2010
Dan Morris	NA	Session details: Bang a table	NA	2010
Bobby Beaton:Steve Harrison:Deborah Tatar	Collaborative drumming is a creative human activity that requires a high degree of coordination among the participants. In this study, inexperienced drummer and experienced drummer participants were paired with a computer or experienced human drummer counterpart and given the task of producing musical rhythms on the fly. We found differing patterns of music production across the computer and human conditions. Participants intentionally and unintentionally assumed leadership roles depending on the dyad dynamic. Also noted were differences in the needs of inexperienced and experienced participants for visual and verbal cues for coordination. In our study, participants did not treat computers as other humans, but seemed to engage a more complex evaluation of the situation. This study contributes to the growing body of knowledge on how people respond to and interact with technology to accomplish complex, collaborative tasks.	Digital drumming: a study of co-located, highly coordinated, dyadic collaboration	NA:NA:NA	2010
Orit Shaer:Guy Kol:Megan Strait:Chloe Fan:Catherine Grevet:Sarah Elfenbein	Molecular and computational biologists develop new insights by gathering heterogeneous data from genomic databases and leveraging bioinformatics tools. Through a qualitative study with 17 participants, we found that molecular and computational biologists experience difficulties interpreting, comparing, annotating, sharing, and relating this vast amount of biological information. We further observed that such interactions are critical for forming new scientific hypotheses. These observations motivated the creation of G-nome Surfer, a tabletop interface for collaborative exploration of genomic data that implements multi-touch and tangible interaction techniques. G-nome Surfer was developed in close collaboration with domain scientists and is aimed at lowering the threshold for using bioinformatics tools. A first-use study with 16 participants found that G-nome Surfer enables users to gain biological insights that are based on multiple forms of evidence with minimal overhead.	G-nome surfer: a tabletop interface for collaborative exploration of genomic data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Cliff Lampe	NA	Session details: Expressing and understanding opinions in social media	NA	2010
Eric P.S. Baumer:Jordan Sinclair:Bill Tomlinson	Blogs are becoming an increasingly important medium -- socially, academically, and politically. Much research has involved analyzing blogs, but less work has considered how such analytic techniques might be incorporated into tools for blog readers. A new tool, metaViz, analyzes political blogs for potential conceptual metaphors and presents them to blog readers. This paper presents a study exploring the types of critical and creative thinking fostered by metaViz as evidenced by user comments and discussion on the system. These results indicate the effectiveness of various system features at fostering critical thinking and creativity, specifically in terms of deep, structural reasoning about metaphors and creatively extending existing metaphors. Furthermore, the results carry broader implications beyond blogs and politics about exploring alternate configurations between computation and human thought.	America is like Metamucil: fostering critical and creative thinking about metaphor in political blogs	NA:NA:NA	2010
Matt Billings:Leon A. Watts	Conflict is a natural part of human communication with implications for the work and well-being of a community. It can cause projects to stall or fail. Alternatively new insights can be produced that are valuable to the community, and membership can be strengthened. We describe how Wikipedia mediators create and maintain a 'safe space'. They help conflicting parties to express, recognize and respond positively to their personal and substantive differences. We show how the 'mutability' of wiki text can be used productively by mediators: to legitimize and restructure the personal and substantive issues under dispute; to actively and visibly differentiate personal from substantive elements in the dispute, and to maintain asynchronous engagement by adjusting expectations of timeliness. We argue that online conflicts could be effectively conciliated in other text-based web communities, provided power differences can be controlled, by policies and technical measures for maintaining special 'safe' conflict resolution spaces.	Understanding dispute resolution online: using text to reflect personal and substantive issues in conflict	NA:NA	2010
Sean A. Munson:Paul Resnick	Is a polarized society inevitable, where people choose to be exposed to only political news and commentary that reinforces their existing viewpoints? We examine the relationship between the numbers of supporting and challenging items in a collection of political opinion items and readers' satisfaction, and then evaluate whether simple presentation techniques such as highlighting agreeable items or showing them first can increase satisfaction when fewer agreeable items are present. We find individual differences: some people are diversity-seeking while others are challenge-averse. For challenge-averse readers, highlighting appears to make satisfaction with sets of mostly agreeable items more extreme, but does not increase satisfaction overall, and sorting agreeable content first appears to decrease satisfaction rather than increasing it. These findings have important implications for builders of websites that aggregate content reflecting different positions.	Presenting diverse political opinions: how and how much	NA:NA	2010
Rick Wash	NA	Session details: Humans and sociability	NA	2010
Derek Lackaff	One of the central challenges of ego-centric or personal social network research is minimizing the quantity of data that is requested from research participants while ensuring high data accuracy and validity. In general, collecting data about increasingly larger ego-centric networks places an increasing burden on respondents. The web-based Propitious Aggregation of Social Networks (PASN, http://pro.pitio.us) survey instrument reduces this burden by leveraging network data already available in the context of social network websites, and by providing an intuitive click-and-drag interface for survey responses. An experiment was conducted (N = 85), and the PASN method was found to produce networks which were significantly larger and more diverse than those produced using standard survey methods, yet required significantly lower time investments from participants.	Propitious aggregation: reducing participant burden in ego-centric network data collection	NA	2010
Henriette Cramer:Vanessa Evers:Tim van Slooten:Mattijs Ghijsen:Bob Wielinga	Mobile services can provide users with information relevant to their current circumstances. Distant services in turn can acquire local information from people in an area of interest. Socially expressive agent behaviour has been suggested as a way to build reciprocal relationships and to increase user response to such requests. This between-subject, Wizard-of-Oz experiment aimed to investigate the potential of such behaviours. 44 participants performed a search task in an urgent context while being interrupted by a mobile agent that both provided and requested information. The socially expressive behaviour shown in this study did not increase compliance to requests; it instead reduced trust in provided information and compliance to warnings. It also negatively impacted the affective experience of users scoring lower on empathy as a personality trait. Inappropriate social expressiveness can have serious consequences; we here elaborate on the reasons for our negative results.	Trying too hard: effects of mobile agents' (Inappropriate) social expressiveness on trust, affect and compliance	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Antti Oulasvirta:Joanna Bergstrom-Lehtovirta	Most interactive tasks engage more than one of the user's exteroceptive senses and are therefore multimodal. In real world situations with multitasking and distractions, the key aspect of multimodality is not which modalities can be allocated to the interactive task but which are free to be allocated to something else. We present the multi¬modal flexibility index (MFI), calculated from changes in users' performance induced by blocking of sensory modalities. A high score indicates that the highest level of performance is achievable regardless of the modalities available and, conversely, a low score that performance will be severely hampered unless all modalities are allocated to the task. Various derivatives describe unimodal and bimodal effects. Results from a case study (mobile text entry) illustrate how an interface that is superior to others in absolute terms is the worst from the multimodal flexibility perspective. We discuss the suitability of MFI for evaluation of interactive prototypes.	A simple index for multimodal flexibility	NA:NA	2010
John Williamson:Simon Robinson:Craig Stewart:Roderick Murray-Smith:Matt Jones:Stephen Brewster	We describe a virtual "tether" for mobile devices that allows groups to have quick, simple and privacy-preserving meetups. Our design provides cues which allow dynamic coordination of rendezvous without revealing users' positions. Using accelerometers and magnetometers, combined with GPS positioning and non-visual feedback, users can probe and sense a dynamic virtual object representing the nearest meeting point. The Social Gravity system makes social bonds tangible in a virtual world which is geographically grounded, using haptic feedback to help users rendezvous. We show dynamic navigation using this physical model-based system to be efficient and robust in significant field trials, even in the presence of low-quality positioning. The use of simulators to build models of mobile geolocated systems for pre-validation purposes is discussed, and results compared with those from our trials. Our results show interesting behaviours in the social coordination task, which lead to guidelines for geosocial interaction design. The Social Gravity system proved to be very successful in allowing groups to rendezvous efficiently and simply and can be implemented using only commercially available hardware.	Social gravity: a virtual elastic tether for casual, privacy-preserving pedestrian rendezvous	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Dan Olsen	NA	Session details: Looking with video	NA	2010
Arvid Engström:Oskar Juhlin:Mark Perry:Mathias Broth	In this paper we explore the production of streaming media that involves live and recorded content. To examine this, we report on how the production practices and process are conducted through an empirical study of the production of live television, involving the use of live and non-live media under highly time critical conditions. In explaining how this process is managed both as an individual and collective activity, we develop the concept of temporal hybridity to explain the properties of these kinds of production system and show how temporally separated media are used, understood and coordinated. Our analysis is examined in the light of recent developments in computing technology and we present some design implications to support amateur video production.	Temporal hybridity: Mixing live video footage with instant replay in real time	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Joe Tullio:Elaine Huang:David Wheatley:Harry Zhang:Claudia Guerrero:Amruta Tamdoo	Questions about the effectiveness of increasingly ubiquitous video technology in law enforcement have prompted an examination of the practices surrounding this technology. We present the results of a multi-site study aimed at understanding the use of video in several phases of law enforcement, from crime prevention and response to investigation and prosecution. Our findings show that while video has provided numerous benefits to law enforcement agencies, in many cases the technology either fails to support key facets of work or introduces new tasks that present an additional burden to workers. We discuss the need to incorporate human experience and tacit knowledge, operator engagement, and the greater ecosystem of work into video deployments.	Experience, adjustment, and engagement: the role of video in law enforcement	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice	We investigate the use of on-line contextual video assistance to improve the learnability of software functionality. After discussing motivations and design goals for such forms of assistance, we present our new technique, ToolClips. ToolClips augment traditional tooltips to provide users with quick and contextual access to both textual and video assistance. In an initial study we found that users successfully integrated ToolClip usage into the flow of their primary tasks to overcome learnability difficulties. In a second study, we found that with ToolClips, users successfully completed 7 times as many unfamiliar tasks, in comparison to using a commercial professionally developed on-line help system. Users also retained the information obtained from ToolClips, performing tasks significantly faster one week later.	ToolClips: an investigation of contextual video assistance for functionality understanding	NA:NA	2010
Allen Cypher	NA	Session details: Pixels and perception	NA	2010
Morgan Dixon:James Fogarty	Current chasms between applications implemented with different user interface toolkits make it difficult to implement and explore potentially important interaction techniques in new and existing applications, limiting the progress and impact of human-computer interaction research. We examine an approach based in the single most common characteristic of all graphical user interface toolkits, that they ultimately paint pixels to a display. We present Prefab, a system for implementing advanced behaviors through the reverse engineering of the pixels in graphical interfaces. Informed by how user interface toolkits paint interfaces, Prefab features a separation of the modeling of widget layout from the recognition of widget appearance. We validate Prefab in implementations of three applications: target-aware pointing techniques, Phosphor transitions, and Side Views parameter spectrums. Working only from pixels, we demonstrate a single implementation of these enhancements in complex existing applications created in different user interface toolkits running on different windowing systems.	Prefab: implementing advanced behaviors using pixel-based reverse engineering of interface structure	NA:NA	2010
Tsung-Hsiang Chang:Tom Yeh:Robert C. Miller	Testing a GUI's visual behavior typically requires human testers to interact with the GUI and to observe whether the expected results of interaction are presented. This paper presents a new approach to GUI testing using computer vision for testers to automate their tasks. Testers can write a visual test script that uses images to specify which GUI components to interact with and what visual feedback to be observed. Testers can also generate visual test scripts by demonstration. By recording both input events and screen images, it is possible to extract the images of components interacted with and the visual feedback seen by the demonstrator, and generate a visual test script automatically. We show that a variety of GUI behavior can be tested using this approach. Also, we show how this approach can facilitate good testing practices such as unit testing, regression testing, and test-driven development.	GUI testing using computer vision	NA:NA:NA	2010
Chris Harrison:Zhiquan Yeo:Scott E. Hudson	Human perception of time is fluid, and can be manipulated in purposeful and productive ways. In this note, we propose and evaluate variations on two visual designs for progress bars that alter users' perception of time passing, and "appear" faster when in fact they are not. As a baseline, we use standard, solid-color progress bars, prevalent in many user interfaces. In a series of direct comparison tests, we are able to rank how these augmentations compare to one another. We then show that these designs yield statistically significantly shorter perceived durations than progress bars seen in many modern interfaces, including Mac OSX. Progress bars with animated ribbing that move backwards in a decelerating manner proved to have the strongest effect. In a final experiment, we measured the effect of this particular progress bar design and showed that it reduces the perceived duration among our participants by 11%.	Faster progress bars: manipulating perceived duration with visual augmentations	NA:NA:NA	2010
Chris Harrison:Anind K. Dey:Scott E. Hudson	Although network bandwidth has increased dramatically, high-resolution images often take several seconds to load, and considerably longer on mobile devices over wireless connections. Progressive image loading techniques allow for some visual content to be displayed prior to the whole file being downloaded. In this note, we present an empirical evaluation of popular progressive image loading methods, and derive one novel technique from our findings. Results suggest a spiral variation of bilinear interlacing can yield an improvement in content recognition time.	Evaluation of progressive image loading schemes	NA:NA:NA	2010
Kirstie Hawkey	NA	Session details: Privacy	NA	2010
Fred Stutzman:Jacob Kramer-Duffield	Privacy practices in social network sites often appear paradoxical, as content-sharing behavior stands in conflict with the need to reduce disclosure-related harms. In this study we explore privacy in social network sites as a contextual information practice, managed by a process of boundary regulation. Drawing on a sample survey of undergraduate Facebook users, we examine a particular privacy-enhancing practice: having a friends-only Facebook profile. Particularly, we look at the association between network composition, expectancy violations, interpersonal privacy practices and having a friends-only profile. We find that expectancy violations by weak ties and increased levels of interpersonal privacy management are positively associated with having a friends-only profile. We conclude with a discussion of how these findings may be integrated into the design of systems to facilitate interaction while enhancing individual privacy.	Friends only: examining a privacy-enhancing behavior in facebook	NA:NA	2010
Andrew Besmer:Heather Richter Lipford	Photo tagging is a popular feature of many social network sites that allows users to annotate uploaded images with those who are in them, explicitly linking the photo to each person's profile. In this paper, we examine privacy concerns and mechanisms surrounding these tagged images. Using a focus group, we explored the needs and concerns of users, resulting in a set of design considerations for tagged photo privacy. We then designed a privacy enhancing mechanism based on our findings, and validated it using a mixed methods approach. Our results identify the social tensions that tagging generates, and the needs of privacy tools to address the social implications of photo privacy management.	Moving beyond untagging: photo privacy in a tagged world	NA:NA	2010
Patrick Gage Kelley:Lucian Cesca:Joanna Bresee:Lorrie Faith Cranor	Earlier work has shown that consumers cannot effectively find information in privacy policies and that they do not enjoy using them. In our previous research we developed a standardized table format for privacy policies. We compared this standardized format, and two short variants (one tabular, one text) with the current status quo: full text natural-language policies and layered policies. We conducted an online user study of 764 participants to test if these three more-intentionally designed, standardized privacy policy formats, assisted by consumer education, can benefit consumers. Our results show that standardized privacy policy presentations can have significant positive effects on accuracy and speed of information finding and on reader enjoyment of privacy policies.	Standardizing privacy notices: an online study of the nutrition label approach	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Wendy Kellog	NA	Session details: Storytelling	NA	2010
Hayes Raffle:Rafael Ballagas:Glenda Revelle:Hiroshi Horii:Sean Follmer:Janet Go:Emily Reardon:Koichi Mori:Joseph Kaye:Mirjana Spasojevic	We introduce Family Story Play, a system that supports grandparents to read books together with their grandchildren over the Internet. Family Story Play is designed to improve communication across generations and over a distance, and to support parents and grandparents in fostering the literacy development of young children. The interface encourages active child participation in the book reading experience by combining a paper book, a sensor-enhanced frame, video conferencing technology, and video content of a Sesame Street Muppet (Elmo). Results with users indicate that Family Story Play improves child engagement in long-distance communication and increases the quality of interaction between young children and distant grandparents. Additionally, Family Story Play encourages dialogic reading styles that are linked with literacy development. Ultimately, reading with Family Story Play becomes a creative shared activity that suggests a new kind of collaborative story telling.	Family story play: reading with young children (and elmo) over a distance	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Nicola J. Bidwell:Thomas Reitmaier:Gary Marsden:Susan Hansen	We reflect on activities to design a mobile application to enable rural people in South Africa's Eastern Cape to record and share their stories, which have implications for 'cross-cultural design,' and the wider use of stories in design. We based our initial concept for generating stories with audio and photos on cell-phones on a scenario informed by abstracting from digital storytelling projects globally and our personal experience. But insights from ethnography, and technology experiments involving storytelling, in a rural village led us to query our grounding assumptions and usability criteria. So, we implemented a method using cell-phones to localise storytelling, involve rural users and probe ways to incorporate visual and audio media. Products from this method helped us to generate design ideas for our current prototype which offers great flexibility. Thus we present a new way to depict stories digitally and a process for improving such software.	Designing with mobile digital storytelling in rural Africa	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Feng Tian:Fei Lv:Jingtao Wang:Hongan Wang:Wencan Luo:Matthew Kam:Vidya Setlur:Guozhong Dai:John Canny	In many developing countries such as India and China, low educational levels often hinder economic empowerment. In this paper, we argue that mobile learning games can play an important role in the Chinese literacy acquisition process. We report on the unique challenges in the learning Chinese language, especially its logographic writing system. Based on an analysis of 25 traditional Chinese games currently played by children in China, we present the design and implementation of two culturally inspired mobile group learning games, Multimedia Word and Drumming Strokes. These two mobile games are designed to match Chinese children's understanding of everyday games. An informal evaluation reveals that these two games have the potential to enhance the intuitiveness and engagement of traditional games, and children may improve their knowledge of Chinese characters through group learning activities such as controversy, judgments and self-correction during the game play.	Let's play chinese characters: mobile learning approaches via culturally inspired group games	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Allison Druin	NA	Session details: Classroom technologies	NA	2010
Martin Saerbeck:Tom Schut:Christoph Bartneck:Maddy D. Janse	Teaching is inherently a social interaction between teacher and student. Despite this knowledge, many educational tools, such as vocabulary training programs, still model the interaction in a tutoring scenario as unidirectional knowledge transfer rather than a social dialog. Therefore, ongoing research aims to develop virtual agents as more appropriate media in education. Virtual agents can induce the perception of a life-like social interaction partner that communicates through natural modalities such as speech, gestures and emotional expressions. This effect can be additionally enhanced with a physical robotic embodiment. This paper presents the development of social supportive behaviors for a robotic tutor to be used in a language learning application. The effect of these behaviors on the learning performance of students was evaluated. The results support that employing social supportive behavior increases learning efficiency of students.	Expressive robots in education: varying the degree of social supportive behavior of a robotic tutor	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Madeline Balaam:Geraldine Fitzpatrick:Judith Good:Rosemary Luckin	Constructive emotional experiences are strongly related to effective learning. Yet, it is challenging for teachers, researchers and students alike to understand the emotions experienced in the classroom setting. Advances in wireless and sensor technologies open up possibilities for better supporting emotions. However, little work has explored how affective technologies in the classroom might operate. This paper describes a study where 15 high school students used the Subtle Stone: a tangible technology designed to support students' active emotional communication in the classroom. We report on how the students used and experienced this technology, and the values they demonstrated through this use: flexibility, privacy, agency, voice and reflection. We conclude by examining future possibilities for affective technologies in the classroom.	Exploring affective technologies for the classroom with the subtle stone	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Sen H. Hirano:Michael T. Yeganyan:Gabriela Marcu:David H. Nguyen:Lou Anne Boyd:Gillian R. Hayes	Visual schedules--the use of symbols to represent a series of activities or steps--have been successfully used by caregivers to help children with autism to understand, structure, and predict activities in their daily lives. Building from in-depth fieldwork and participatory design sessions, we developed vSked, an interactive and collaborative visual scheduling system designed for elementary school classrooms. We evaluated vSked in situ in one autism-specific classroom over three weeks. In this paper, we present the design principles, technical solution, and results from this successful deployment. Use of vSked resulted in reductions in staff effort required to use visual supports. vSked also resulted in improvements in the perceived quality and quantity of communication and social interactions in the classroom.	vSked: evaluation of a system to support classroom activities for children with autism	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Jan Borchers	NA	Session details: Devising input	NA	2010
Xiang Cao:Nicolas Villar:Shahram Izadi	Researchers have explored pointing devices operated by a single finger, but their advantage was not clear compared to conventional mice controlled by the whole hand. To incorporate the benefits of both, we prototyped hybrid pointing devices that combined both finger and hand movement to control the cursor, and experimentally compared their performance with single-finger and whole-hand devices. Results showed that such hybrid devices have the potential to improve pointing performance in terms of time, error, and bandwidth, especially for precise pointing.	Comparing user performance with single-finger, whole-hand, and hybrid pointing devices	NA:NA:NA	2010
Sang-Su Lee:Sohyun Kim:Bopil Jin:Eunji Choi:Boa Kim:Xu Jia:Daeeop Kim:Kun-pyo Lee	This study is aimed at understanding deformation-based user gestures by observing users interacting with artificial deformable displays with various levels of flexibility. We gained user-defined gestures that would help with the design and implementation of deformation-based interface, without considering current technical limitations. We found that when a display material gave more freedom from deformation, the level of consensus of gestures among the users as well as the intuitiveness and preferences were all enhanced. This study offers implications for deformation-based interaction which will be helpful for both designers and engineers who are trying to set the direction for future interface and technology development.	How users manipulate deformable displays as input devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Julia Schwarz:Chris Harrison:Scott Hudson:Jennifer Mankoff	A cord, although simple in form, has many interesting physical affordances that make it powerful as an input device. Not only can a length of cord be grasped in different locations, but also pulled, twisted and bent---four distinct and expressive dimensions that could potentially act in concert. Such an input mechanism could be readily integrated into headphones, backpacks, and clothing. Once grasped in the hand, a cord can be used in an eyes-free manner to control mobile devices, which often feature small screens and cramped buttons. In this note, we describe a proof-of-concept cord-based sensor, which senses three of the four input dimensions we propose. In addition to a discussion of potential uses, we also present results from our preliminary user study. The latter sought to compare the targeting performance and selection accuracy of different cord-based input modalities. We conclude with brief set of design recommendations drawn upon results from our study.	Cord input: an intuitive, high-accuracy, multi-degree-of-freedom input method for mobile devices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Chris Harrison:Scott E. Hudson	We present Minput, a sensing and input method that enables intuitive and accurate interaction on very small devices -- ones too small for practical touch screen use and with limited space to accommodate physical buttons. We achieve this by incorporating two, inexpensive and high-precision optical sensors (like those found in optical mice) into the underside of the device. This allows the entire device to be used as an input mechanism, instead of the screen, avoiding occlusion by fingers. In addition to x/y translation, our system also captures twisting motion, enabling many interesting interaction opportunities typically found in larger and far more complex systems.	Minput: enabling interaction on small mobile devices with high-precision, low-cost, multipoint optical tracking	NA:NA	2010
Sadat Shami	NA	Session details: Expertise	NA	2010
Andrew J. Ko:Parmit K. Chilana	Many power users that contribute to open source projects have no intention of becoming regular contributors; they just want a bug fixed or a feature implemented. How often do these users participate in open source projects and what do they contribute? To investigate these questions, we analyzed the reports of Mozilla contributors who reported problems but were never assigned problems to fix. These analyses revealed that over 11 years and millions of reports, most of these 150,000 users reported non-issues that devolved into technical support, redundant reports with little new information, or narrow, expert feature requests. Reports that did lead to changes were reported by a comparably small group of experienced, frequent reporters, mostly before the release of Firefox 1. These results suggest that the primary value of open bug reporting is in recruiting talented reporters, and not in deriving value from the masses.	How power users help and hinder open bug reporting	NA:NA	2010
Andrea Civan-Hartzler:David W. McDonald:Chris Powell:Meredith M. Skeels:Marlee Mukai:Wanda Pratt	Managing personal aspects of health is challenging for many patients, particularly those facing a serious condition such as cancer. Finding experienced patients, who can share their knowledge from managing a similar health situation, is of tremendous value. Users of health-related social software form a large base of such knowledge, yet these tools often lack features needed to locate peers with expertise. Informed directly by our field work with breast cancer patients, we designed a patient expertise locator for users of online health communities. Using feedback from two focus groups with breast cancer survivors, we took our design through two iterations. Focus groups concluded that expertise locating features proved useful for extending social software. They guided design enhancements by suggesting granular user control through (1) multiple mechanisms to identify expertise, (2) detailed user profiles to select expertise, and (3) varied collaboration levels. Our user-centered approach links field work to design through close collaboration with patients. By illustrating trade-offs made when sharing sensitive health information, our findings inform the incorporation of expertise locating features into social software for patients.	Bringing the field into focus: user-centered design of a patient expertise locator	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Jennifer Thom-Santelli:Dan Cosley:Geri Gay	When experts participate in collaborative systems, tension may arise between them and novice contributors. In particular, when experts perceive novices as a bother or a threat, the experts may express territoriality: behaviors communicating ownership of a target of interest. In this paper, we describe the results of a user study of a mobile social tagging system deployed within a museum gallery to a group of novices and experts collaboratively tagging part of the collection. We observed that experts express greater feelings of ownership towards their contributions to the system and the museum in general. Experts were more likely than novices to participate at higher rates and to negatively evaluate contributions made by others. We suggest a number of design strategies to balance experts' expressions of territoriality so as to motivate their participation while discouraging exclusionary behaviors.	What do you know?: experts, novices and territoriality in collaborative systems	NA:NA:NA	2010
Volker Wulf	NA	Session details: Interactions in the world	NA	2010
Kimberly A. Weaver:Hannes Baumann:Thad Starner:Hendrick Iben:Michael Lawo	Evaluations of task guidance systems often focus on evaluations of new technologies rather than comparing the nuances of interaction across the various systems. One common domain for task guidance systems is warehouse order picking. We present a method involving an easily reproducible ecologically motivated order picking environment for quantitative user studies designed to reveal differences in interactions. Using this environment, we perform a 12 participant within-subjects experiment demonstrating the advantages of a head-mounted display based picking chart over a traditional text-based pick list, a paper-based graphical pick chart, and a mobile pick-by-voice system. The test environment proved sufficiently sensitive, showing statistically significant results along several metrics with the head-mounted display system performing the best. We also provide a detailed analysis of the strategies adopted by our participants.	An empirical task analysis of warehouse order picking using head-mounted displays	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Martin Pielot:Oliver Krull:Susanne Boll	A group of friends visiting a crowded and noisy music festival is an example of a situation where knowing the location of other people is important, but where external factors, such as darkness or noise, can limit the ability to keep track of the others. By combining theories about situation awareness and cognitive processing we inferred that communicating information via the sense of touch is a promising approach in such situations. We therefore investigated how to present the location of several people using a tactile torso display. In particular we focused on encoding spatial distances in the tactile signals. We experimentally compared encoding spatial distances in the rhythm, duration, and intensity of a tactile signal. Our findings show that all parameters are suited to encode distances. None of it was clearly outperformed. We then embedded our tactile location encoding into a fast-paced 3D multiplayer game. In this game, team play and the awareness of the team members' locations are crucial for the success in the game. The results provides evidence that the locations of the team members could be processed effectively despite the game's high cognitive demands. In addition, the team equipped with the tactile display showed a better team play and a higher situation awareness.	Where is my team: supporting situation awareness with tactile displays	NA:NA:NA	2010
Khai Troung	NA	Session details: Sound and speech	NA	2010
David McGookin:Euan Robertson:Stephen Brewster	We present a tangible user interface (TUI) called Tangible Graph Builder, that has been designed to allow visually impaired users to access graph and chart-based data. We describe the current paper-based materials used to allow independent graph construction and browsing, before discussing how researchers have applied virtual haptic and non-speech audio techniques to provide more flexible access. We discuss why, although these technologies overcome many of the problems of non-visual graph access, they also introduce new issues and why the application of TUIs is important. An evaluation of Tangible Graph Builder with 12 participants (8 sight deprived, 4 blind) revealed key design requirements for non-visual TUIs, including phicon design and handling marker detection failure. We finish by presenting future work and improvements to our system.	Clutching at straws: using tangible interaction to provide non-visual access to graphs	NA:NA:NA	2010
Alireza Sahami Shirazi:Ari-Heikki Sarjanoja:Florian Alt:Albrecht Schmidt:Jonna Hkkilä	Despite the availability of other mobile messaging applications, SMS has kept its position as a heavily used communication technology. However, there are many situations in which it is inconvenient or inappropriate to check a message's content immediately. In this paper, we introduce the concept of audio previews of SMS. Based on a real-time analysis of the content of a message, we provide auditory cues in addition to the notification tone upon receiving an SMS. We report on a field trial with 20 participants and show that the use of audio-enhanced SMS affects the reading and writing behavior of users. Our work is motivated by the results of an online survey among 347 SMS users of whose we analyzed 3400 text messages.	Understanding the impact of abstracted audio preview of SMS	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Yingxin Pan:Danning Jiang:Lin Yao:Michael Picheny:Yong Qin	Real-time transcription has been shown to be valuable in facilitating non-native speakers' comprehension in real-time communication. Automated speech recognition (ASR) technology is a critical ingredient for its practical deployment. This paper presents a series of studies investigating how the quality of transcripts generated by an ASR system impacts user comprehension and subjective evaluation. Experiments are first presented comparing performance across three different transcription conditions: no transcript, a perfect transcript, and a transcript with Word Error Rate (WER) =20%. We found 20% WER was the most likely critical point for transcripts to be just acceptable and useful. Then we further examined a lower WER of 10% (a lower bound for today's state-of-the-art systems) employing the same experimental design. The results indicated that at 10% WER comprehension performance was significantly improved compared to the no-transcript condition. Finally, implications for further system development and design are discussed.	Effects of automated transcription quality on non-native speakers' comprehension in real-time computer-mediated communication	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Jeff Hancock	NA	Session details: Using your social network	NA	2010
Meredith Ringel Morris:Jaime Teevan:Katrina Panovich	People often turn to their friends, families, and colleagues when they have questions. The recent, rapid rise of online social networking tools has made doing this on a large scale easy and efficient. In this paper we explore the phenomenon of using social network status messages to ask questions. We conducted a survey of 624 people, asking them to share the questions they have asked and answered of their online social networks. We present detailed data on the frequency of this type of question asking, the types of questions asked, and respondents' motivations for asking their social networks rather than using more traditional search tools like Web search engines. We report on the perceived speed and quality of the answers received, as well as what motivates people to respond to questions seen in their friends' status messages. We then discuss the implications of our findings for the design of next-generation search tools.	What do people ask their social networks, and why?: a survey study of status message q&a behavior	NA:NA:NA	2010
Catalina L. Toma	Self-affirmation is the process of bringing to awareness important aspects of the self, such as values, goals, and treasured characteristics. When affirmed, individuals are more open-minded and less defensive. This study examines whether social networking tools, such as Facebook, have self-affirming value. Participants were asked to either spend time on their own Facebook profiles, or on a stranger's profile. Afterwards, they were given negative feedback on a task. Participants who spent time on their own profiles were more accepting of the feedback, and less likely to engage in ego-protective mechanisms, such as derogating the task or the evaluator. In fact, they behaved identically to participants who completed a classic self-affirmation manipulation. The theoretical contributions of this paper include (1) identifying intrapersonal effects of online self-presentation and (2) extending self-affirmation theory to include social media use.	Affirming the self through online profiles: beneficial effects of social networking sites	NA	2010
Ben Kirman:Shaun Lawson:Conor Linehan:Francesco Martino:Luciano Gamberini:Andrea Gaggioli	In this paper we describe the results of a controlled study of a social game, Magpies, which was built on the Facebook Online Social Network (OSN) and enhanced with contextual social information in the form of a variety of social network indices. Through comparison with a concurrent control trial using an identical game without the enhanced social information, it was shown that the additional contextual data increased the frequency of social activity between players engaged in the game. Despite this increase in activity, there was little increase in growth of the player-base when compared to the control condition. These findings corroborate previous work that showed how socio-contextual enhancement can increase performance on task-driven games, whilst also suggesting that it can increase activity and engagement when provided as context for non task-driven game environments.	Improving social game engagement on facebook through enhanced socio-contextual information	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Carman Neustaedter:Anthony Tang:Judge K. Tejinder	Applications that provide location-based experiences are an increasingly viable design space given the proliferation of GPS-enabled mobile devices. However, these applications are in their infancy, and we do not yet know what design factors will contribute to their success. For this reason, we have studied the well-established location-based experience of geocaching. We report on the results of a survey of geocachers along with observations from our own in-depth geocaching activities. Our findings illustrate that geocaching permits users to create a range of experiences for others within a permeable yet restricted culture of norms. Once created, geocaches are maintained by the community of geocachers through a well-designed groupware system. Here maintenance acts can be performed "in the small," given their lightweight and well-defined nature, and become less about maintenance and more about personal participation. These findings provide insight into how community and groupware can be leveraged to support applications for location-based experiences.	The role of community and groupware in geocache creation and maintenance	NA:NA:NA	2010
Geraldine Fitzpatrick	NA	Session details: Working with medical records	NA	2010
Xiaomu Zhou:Mark S. Ackerman:Kai Zheng	We conducted a field-based study at a large teaching hospital to examine doctors' use and documentation of patient care information, with a special focus on a patient's psychosocial information. We were particularly interested in the gaps between the medical work and any representations of the patient. The paper describes how doctors record this information for immediate and long-term use. We found that doctors documented a considerable amount of psychosocial information in their electronic health records (EHR) system. Yet, we also observed that such information was recorded selectively, and a medicalized view-point is a key contributing factor. Our study shows how missing or problematic representations of a patient affect work activities and patient care. We accordingly suggest that EHR systems could be made more usable and useful in the long run, by supporting both representations of medical processes and of patients.	Doctors and psychosocial information: records and reuse in inpatient care	NA:NA:NA	2010
Peter G. Scupelli:Yan Xiao:Susan R. Fussell:Sara Kiesler:Mark D. Gross	To accommodate frequent emergencies, interruptions, and delays, hospital staff continually make and coordinate changes to the surgery schedule. The technical and social aspects of coordination in surgical suites have been described by prior studies. This paper addresses an understudied aspect of coordination: the physical environment. Based on a field study of four surgical suites in two large academic centers, we show how the physical layout of hallways and rooms, and barriers and spaces around displays and key coordinators, support or fail to support the common information spaces used for coordination. We use the concept "information hotspots" to represent how physical places and their characteristics facilitate coordination. We developed design principles based on the concept of information hotspots that should guide architectural considerations for coordination in dynamic environments such as hospitals.	Supporting coordination in surgical suites: physical aspects of common information spaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Yunan Chen	An observational study was conducted to examine EMR-based documentation in an Emergency Department (ED), with an emphasis on computerized documentation activities in the complex flow of clinical processes. This study revealed a gap between the formal EMR documentation and the actual clinical workflow, which leads ED staff to rely on intermediate - transitional artifacts to facilitate their work. The analysis of these transitional artifacts in four different clinical workflows shows that the EMR system's inability to document procedural information, capture key information, and present information according to the actual clinical workflow are accountable for leading to the use of transitional artifacts. The findings of this study call for designing EMR system not only for keeping patients' formal records, but also for documenting transitional information in the chart-writing process.	Documenting transitional information in EMR	NA	2010
Duncan Rowland	NA	Session details: Bikes and buses	NA	2010
Daisy Yoo:John Zimmerman:Aaron Steinfeld:Anthony Tomasic	The recent advances in web 2.0 technologies and the rapid adoption of smart phones raises many opportunities for public services to improve their services by engaging their users (who are also owners of the service) in co-design: a dialog where users help design the services they use. To investigate this opportunity, we began a service design project investigating how to create repeated information exchanges between riders and a transit agency in order to create a virtual "place" from which the dialog on services could take place. Through interviews with riders, a workshop with a transit agency, and speed dating of design concepts, we have developed a design direction. Specifically, we propose a service that combines vehicle location and "fullness" ratings provided by riders with dynamic route change information from the transit agency as a foundation for a dialog around riders conveying input for continuous service improvement.	Understanding the space for co-design in riders' interactions with a transit service	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Brian Ferris:Kari Watkins:Alan Borning	Public transit systems play an important role in combating traffic congestion, reducing carbon emissions, and promoting compact, sustainable urban communities. The usability of public transit can be significantly enhanced by providing good traveler information systems. We describe OneBusAway, a set of transit tools focused on providing real-time arrival information for Seattle-area bus riders. We then present results from a survey of OneBusAway users that show a set of important positive outcomes: strongly increased overall satisfaction with public transit, decreased waiting time, increased transit trips per week, increased feelings of safety, and even a health benefit in terms of increased distance walked when using transit. Finally, we discuss the design and policy implications of these results and plans for future research in this area.	OneBusAway: results from providing real-time arrival information for public transit	NA:NA:NA	2010
Sasank Reddy:Katie Shilton:Gleb Denisov:Christian Cenizal:Deborah Estrin:Mani Srivastava	Bicycling is an affordable, environmentally friendly alternative transportation mode to motorized travel. A common task performed by bikers is to find good routes in an area, where the quality of a route is based on safety, efficiency, and enjoyment. Finding routes involves trial and error as well as exchanging information between members of a bike community. Biketastic is a platform that enriches this experimentation and route sharing process making it both easier and more effective. Using a mobile phone application and online map visualization, bikers are able to document and share routes, ride statistics, sensed information to infer route roughness and noisiness, and media that documents ride experience. Biketastic was designed to ensure the link between information gathering, visualization, and bicycling practices. In this paper, we present architecture and algorithms for route data inferences and visualization. We evaluate the system based on feedback from bicyclists provided during a two-week pilot.	Biketastic: sensing and mapping for better biking	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Janet Vertesi	NA	Session details: Death and fear	NA	2010
Michael Massimi:Ronald M. Baecker	Following the death of a loved one, bereaved family members use technology in several ways to respond to their loss. However, very little is known about how technology intersects with the lives of the bereaved. We present a survey and interview study which examines how the bereaved inherit personal digital devices, use technology to remember the deceased, and reflect on their own digital estates. The study provides one of the first characterizations of technology use by the bereaved, and presents a set of empirically-grounded design opportunities and challenges.	A death in the family: opportunities for designing technologies for the bereaved	NA:NA	2010
William Odom:Richard Harper:Abigail Sellen:David Kirk:Richard Banks	While it can be a delicate and emotionally-laden topic, new technological trends compel us to confront a range of problems and issues about death and bereavement. This area presents complex challenges and the associated literature is extensive. In this paper we offer a way of slicing through several perspectives in the social sciences to see clearly a set of salient issues related to bereavement. Following this, we present a theoretical lens to provide a way of conceptualizing how the HCI community could begin to approach such issues. We then report field evidence from 11 in-depth interviews conducted with bereaved participants and apply the proposed lens to unpack key emergent problems and tensions. We conclude with a discussion on how the HCI design space might be sensitized to better support the social processes that unfold when bereavement occurs.	Passing on & putting to rest: understanding bereavement in the context of interactive technologies	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Jan Blom:Divya Viswanathan:Mirjana Spasojevic:Janet Go:Karthik Acharya:Robert Ahonius	This paper describes investigation of a mobile communication system that helps alleviate fear experienced in the urban context. In order to obtain empirically grounded insights for the concept design, urban females in their twenties and thirties and living in Bangalore, New Delhi and San Francisco, were studied. More than 200 females filled in an online survey. Extensive qualitative data for 13 participants were collected through week long diaries, semi-structured interviews, and situated participative enactment of scenarios. Fear-related concerns were voiced both in India and the U.S., suggesting that reducing fear, particularly in a pedestrian context after the onset of darkness, could be a globally applicable need. User research findings into subjective experiences of fear, contexts in which they occur, and behavioral strategies were used to design a mobile service titled ComfortZones. This concept was developed to the level of a high fidelity prototype and tested in a field trial in India. The investigation highlights further opportunities for design, particularly the notion of emphasizing positive and socially successful qualities of cities to communities concerned with their safety and security.	Fear and the city: role of mobile services in harnessing safety and security in urban use contexts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Gilbert Cockton	NA	Session details: Earth, wind, and flyer	NA	2010
Stacey Kuznetsov:Eric Paulos	Water is our most precious and most rapidly declining natural resource. We explore pervasive technology as an approach for promoting water conservation in public and private spaces. We hope to motivate immediate reduction in water use as well as higher-order behaviors (seeking new information, etc) through unobtrusive low-cost water flow sensing and several persuasive displays. Early prototypes were installed at public faucets and a private (shared) shower, logging water usage first without and then with ambient displays. This pilot study led to design iterations, culminating in long-term deployment of sensors in four private showers over the course of three weeks. Sensors first logged baseline water usage without visualization. Then, two display styles, ambient and numeric, were deployed in random order, each showing individual and average water consumption. Quantitative data along with participants' feedback contrast the effectiveness of numeric displays against abstract visualization in this very important domain of water conservation and public health.	UpStream: motivating water conservation with low-cost water flow sensing and persuasive displays	NA:NA	2010
Sunyoung Kim:Eric Paulos	This paper describes inAir, a tool for sharing measurements and visualizations of indoor air quality within one's social network. Poor indoor air quality is difficult for humans to detect through sight and smell alone and can contribute to the development of chronic diseases. Through a four-week long study of fourteen households as six groups, we found that inAir (1) increased awareness of, and reflection on air quality, (2) promoted behavioral changes that resulted in improved indoor air quality, and (3) demonstrated the persuasive power of sharing for furthering improvements to indoor air quality in terms of fostering new social awareness and behavior changes as well as strengthening social bonds and prompting collaborative efforts across social networks to improve human health and well being.	InAir: sharing indoor air quality measurements and visualizations	NA:NA	2010
Julie Wagner:Wendy Mackay	This paper explores the need for sustainable design with paper: how people really print and how we can take advantage of novel, reusable paper technology. We conducted two studies to investigate user's printing behavior. A key finding of the first study was that users often need an intermediate state between the electronic and physical forms of their documents. The second study examined users' predictions of which types of documents required this intermediate state. We formulate these findings into design guidelines that take into account: examination phase, transitions, cognitive and emotional reasons, and task- and event-relevant documents. Finally, we discuss how the different physical characteristics of reusable paper affect the user interface and could effectively support sustainable design.	Exploring sustainable design with reusable paper	NA:NA	2010
Jina Huh:Kevin Nam:Nikhil Sharma	In this paper, we report our findings on the adoption practices of used personal digital assistants (PDAs) to inform reuse of outdated computing products. Our interviews with 12 eBay users who bought used PDAs showed a variety of ways in which users indirectly supported sustainability. This allowed us to re-examine sustainability as something that is dynamically and arbitrarily shaped by the users and not just dependent on the sustainable feature of the product. We end with design implications for supporting users' shaping of sustainability.	Finding the lost treasure: understanding reuse of used computing devices	NA:NA:NA	2010
John Canny	NA	Session details: Medical data	NA	2010
Lauren Wilcox:Jie Lu:Jennifer Lai:Steven Feiner:Desmond Jordan	We describe fieldwork in which we studied hospital ICU physicians and their strategies and documentation aids for composing patient progress notes. We then present a clinical documentation prototype, activeNotes, that supports the creation of these notes, using techniques designed based on our fieldwork. ActiveNotes integrates automated, context-sensitive patient data retrieval, and user control of automated data updates and alerts via tagging, into the documentation process. We performed a qualitative study of activeNotes with 15 physicians at the hospital to explore the utility of our information retrieval and tagging techniques. The physicians indicated their desire to use tags for a number of purposes, some of them extensions to what we intended, and others new to us and unexplored in other systems of which we are aware. We discuss the physicians' responses to our prototype and distill several of their proposed uses of tags: to assist in note content management, communication with other clinicians, and care delivery.	Physician-driven management of patient progress notes in an intensive care unit	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Divya Ramachandran:John Canny:Prabhu Dutta Das:Edward Cutrell	Researchers have long been interested in the potential of ICTs to enable positive change in developing regions communities. In these environments, ICT interventions often fail because political, social and cultural forces work against the changes ICTs entail. We argue that familiar uses of ICTs for information services in these contexts are less potent than their use for persuasion and motivation in order to facilitate change. We focus on India's rural maternal health system where health workers are employed in villages to persuade pregnant women to utilize health services. Health workers face challenges due to resistance to change in the village, and because of their limited education, training and status. These factors appear to reduce the motivation of health workers and impair their performance. For two months, we deployed short videos on mobile phones designed to persuade village women and motivate health workers. We also asked health workers to record their own videos. While our results are preliminary, they show evidence that the creation and use of videos did help (1) engage village women in dialogue, (2) show positive effects toward health worker motivation and learning, and (3) motivate key community influencers to participate in promoting the health workers.	Mobile-izing health workers in rural India	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Aleksandra Sarcevic	With healthcare moving towards electronic health records, it is important to understand existing work practices to design effective systems. We conducted an observational study in a Level I trauma center to examine the documentation process and the role of the nurse recorder in trauma resuscitation. We identified several difficulties with current recording practices, including the late arrival of the nurse recorder, parallel activities of the trauma team, and multitasking by the recorder. Our observations showed that the recorder's role extends beyond archival responsibilities. The recorder, with the help of a paper record, manages the resuscitation process, rather than passively documenting it. Our findings highlighted the complexity of the recorder's role and the need to consider documentation in the broader context of trauma teamwork. We proposed a set of design challenges that emphasize important aspects of trauma care to be considered when designing technologies to support the documentation process.	"Who's scribing?": documenting patient encounter during trauma resuscitation	NA	2010
Laura Dabbish	NA	Session details: Social media users	NA	2010
Moira Burke:Cameron Marlow:Thomas Lento	Previous research has shown a relationship between use of social networking sites and feelings of social capital. However, most studies have relied on self-reports by college students. The goals of the current study are to (1) validate the common self-report scale using empirical data from Facebook, (2) test whether previous findings generalize to older and international populations, and (3) delve into the specific activities linked to feelings of social capital and loneliness. In particular, we investigate the role of directed interaction between pairs---such as wall posts, comments, and "likes" --- and consumption of friends' content, including status updates, photos, and friends' conversations with other friends. We find that directed communication is associated with greater feelings of bonding social capital and lower loneliness, but has only a modest relationship with bridging social capital, which is primarily related to overall friend network size. Surprisingly, users who consume greater levels of content report reduced bridging and bonding social capital and increased loneliness. Implications for designs to support well-being are discussed.	Social network activity and social well-being	NA:NA:NA	2010
Elisabeth Sylvan	This paper introduces the concept of Online Communities of Creators (OCOCs), which are a subset of social network sites in which the core activity is sharing personal, original creations. Next it defines two distinct types of influence, Project Influence and Social Influence. Project Influence is a measure of the degree to which the community recognizes members' work. Social Influence is a measure of how much a member is a social bridge between otherwise unconnected members. These two types of influence are studied in an online programming community called the Scratch Online Community. Two multiple linear regressions determine the factors that predict each of the two types of influence. The factors predicting each were distinct, suggesting that these are two distinct constructs in this community.	Predicting influence in an online community of creators	NA	2010
Katherine Panciera:Reid Priedhorsky:Thomas Erickson:Loren Terveen	Online communities produce rich behavioral datasets, e.g., Usenet news conversations, Wikipedia edits, and Facebook friend networks. Analysis of such datasets yields important insights (like the "long tail" of user participation) and suggests novel design interventions (like targeting users with personalized opportunities and work requests). However, certain key user data typically are unavailable, specifically viewing, pre-registration, and non-logged-in activity. The absence of data makes some questions hard to answer; ac- cess to it can strengthen, extend, or cast doubt on previous results. We report on analysis of user behavior in Cyclopath, a geographic wiki and route-finder for bicyclists. With access to viewing and non-logged-in activity data, we were able to: (a) replicate and extend prior work on user lifecycles in Wikipedia, (b) bring to light some pre-registration activity, thus testing for the presence of "educational lurking," and (c) demonstrate the locality of geographic activity and how editing and viewing are geographically correlated.	Lurking? cyclopaths?: a quantitative lifecycle analysis of user behavior in a geowiki	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Cliff Lampe:Rick Wash:Alcides Velasquez:Elif Ozkaya	A consistent theoretical and practical challenge in the design of socio-technical systems is that of motivating users to participate in and contribute to them. This study examines the case of Everything2.com users from the theoretical perspectives of Uses and Gratifications and Organizational Commitment to compare individual versus organizational motivations in user participation. We find evidence that users may continue to participate in a site for different reasons than those that led them to the site. Feelings of belonging to a site are important for both anonymous and registered users across different types of uses. Long-term users felt more dissatisfied with the site than anonymous users. Social and cognitive factors seem to be more important than issues of usability in predicting contribution to the site.	Motivations to participate in online communities	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Amy L. Gonzales:Tiffany Y. Ng:OJ Zhao:Geri Gay	Writing about emotional experiences has been shown to have long-term physical and mental health benefits, but it also creates short-term discomfort. We designed a system to motivate expressive writing by enhancing enjoyment and pleasure. Using automated language analysis, we designed a system that maps sound onto categories of language resulting in a musical interpretation of expressive writing texts. An experimental design compared the experience of 126 participants across musical and non-musical writing platforms Participants found the musical system to be more pleasurable.	Motivating expressive writing with a text-to-sound application	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Takanori Komatsu:Seiji Yamada:Kazuki Kobayashi:Kotaro Funakoshi:Mikio Nakano	We describe artificial subtle expressions (ASEs) as intuitive notification methodology for artifacts' internal states for users. We prepared two types of audio ASEs; one was a flat artificial sound (flat ASE), and the other was a sound that decreased in pitch (decreasing ASE). These two ASEs were played after a robot made a suggestion to the users. Specifically, we expected that the decreasing ASE would inform users of the robot's lower level of confidence about the suggestions. We then conducted a simple experiment to observe whether the participants accepted or rejected the robot's suggestion in terms of the ASEs. The results showed that they accepted the robot's suggestion when the flat ASE was used, whereas they rejected it when the decreasing ASE was used. Therefore, we found that the ASEs succeeded in conveying the robot's internal state to the users accurately and intuitively.	Artificial subtle expressions: intuitive notification methodology of artifacts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
John Zimmerman	NA	Session details: Subtle expressions through sound and text	NA	2010
Xiaojuan Ma:Christiane Fellbaum:Perry R. Cook	Auditory displays have been used in both human-machine and computer interfaces. However, the use of non-speech audio in assistive communication for people with language disabilities, or in other applications that employ visual representations, is still under-investigated. In this paper, we introduce SoundNet, a linguistic database that associates natural environmental sounds with words and concepts. A sound labeling study was carried out to verify SoundNet associations and to investigate how well the sounds evoke concepts. A second study was conducted using the verified SoundNet data to explore the power of environmental sounds to convey concepts in sentence contexts, compared with conventional icons and animations. Our results show that sounds can effectively illustrate (especially concrete) concepts and can be applied to assistive interfaces.	SoundNet: investigating a language composed of environmental sounds	NA:NA:NA	2010
Emilee Rader	NA	Session details: Tools affecting the enterprise	NA	2010
Anna Wu:Joan M. DiMicco:David R. Millen	In this work we analyze the behavior on a company-internal social network site to determine which interaction patterns signal closeness between colleagues. Regression analysis suggests that employee behavior on social network sites (SNSs) reveals information about both professional and personal closeness. While some factors are predictive of general closeness (e.g. content recommendations), other factors signal that employees feel personal closeness towards their colleagues, but not professional closeness (e.g. mutual profile commenting). This analysis contributes to our understanding of how SNS behavior reflects relationship multiplexity: the multiple facets of our relationships with SNS connections.	Detecting professional versus personal closeness using an enterprise social network site	NA:NA:NA	2010
Casey Dugan:Werner Geyer:David R. Millen	Blogging in the enterprise is increasingly popular and recent research has shown that there are numerous benefits for both individuals and the organization, e.g. developing reputation or sharing knowledge. However, participation is very low, blogs are often abandoned and few users realize those benefits. We have designed and implemented a novel system -- called Blog Muse -- whose goal is to inspire potential blog writers by connecting them with their audience through a topic-suggestion system. We describe our system design and report results from a 4-week study with 1004 users who installed our tool. Our data indicate that topics requested by users are effective at inspiring bloggers to write and lead to more social interactions around the resulting entries.	Lessons learned from blog muse: audience-based inspiration for bloggers	NA:NA:NA	2010
Carl DiSalvo:Phoebe Sengers:Hrönn Brynjarsdóttir	With the recent growth in sustainable HCI, now is a good time to map out the approaches being taken and the intellectual commitments that underlie the area, to allow for community discussion about where the field should go. Here, we provide an empirical analysis of how sustainable HCI is defining itself as a research field. Based on a corpus of published works, we identify (1) established genres in the area, (2) key unrecognized intellectual differences, and (3) emerging issues, including urgent avenues for further exploration, opportunities for interdisciplinary engagement, and key topics for debate.	Mapping the landscape of sustainable HCI	NA:NA:NA	2010
Eli Blevis	NA	Session details: Home eco behavior	NA	2010
James Pierce:Diane J. Schiano:Eric Paulos	This paper presents findings from a qualitative study of people's everyday interactions with energy-consuming products and systems in the home. Initial results from a large online survey are also considered. This research focuses not only on "conservation behavior" but importantly investigates interactions with technology that may be characterized as "normal consumption" or "over-consumption." A novel vocabulary for analyzing and designing energy-conserving interactions is proposed based on our findings, including: cutting, trimming, switching, upgrading, and shifting. Using the proposed vocabulary, and informed by theoretical developments from various literatures, this paper demonstrates ways in which everyday interactions with technology in the home are performed without conscious consideration of energy consumption but rather are unconscious, habitual, and irrational. Implications for the design of energy-conserving interactions with technology and broader challenges for HCI research are proposed.	Home, habits, and energy: examining domestic interactions and energy consumption	NA:NA:NA	2010
Yann Riche:Jonathan Dodge:Ronald A. Metoyer	The recent emphasis on sustainability has made consumers more aware of their responsibility for saving resources, in particular, electricity. Consumers can better understand how to save electricity by gaining awareness of their consumption beyond the typical monthly bill. We conducted a study to understand consumers' awareness of energy consumption in the home and to determine their requirements for an interactive, always-on interface for exploring data to gain awareness of home energy consumption. In this paper, we describe a three-stage approach to supporting electricity conservation routines: raise awareness, inform complex changes, and maintain sustainable routines. We then present the findings from our study to support design implications for energy consumption feedback interfaces.	Studying always-on electricity feedback in the home	NA:NA:NA	2010
Jon Froehlich:Leah Findlater:James Landay	Eco-feedback technology provides feedback on individual or group behaviors with a goal of reducing environmental impact. The history of eco-feedback extends back more than 40 years to the origins of environmental psychology. Despite its stated purpose, few HCI eco-feedback studies have attempted to measure behavior change. This leads to two overarching questions: (1) what can HCI learn from environmental psychology and (2) what role should HCI have in designing and evaluating eco-feedback technology? To help answer these questions, this paper conducts a comparative survey of eco-feedback technology, including 89 papers from environmental psychology and 44 papers from the HCI and UbiComp literature. We also provide an overview of predominant models of proenvironmental behaviors and a summary of key motivation techniques to promote this behavior.	The design of eco-feedback technology	NA:NA:NA	2010
Jason Alexander	NA	Session details: On the phone	NA	2010
Amy K. Karlson:Shamsi T. Iqbal:Brian Meyers:Gonzalo Ramos:Kathy Lee:John C. Tang	The impact of interruptions on workflow and productivity has been extensively studied in the PC domain, but while fragmented user attention is recognized as an inherent aspect of mobile phone usage, little formal evidence exists of its effect on mobile productivity. Using a survey and a screenshot-based diary study we investigated the types of barriers people face when performing tasks on their mobile phones, the ways they follow up with such suspended tasks, and how frustrating the experience of task disruption is for mobile users. From 386 situated samples provided by 12 iPhone and 12 Pocket PC users, we distill a classification of barriers to the completion of mobile tasks. Our data suggest that moving to a PC to complete a phone task is common, yet not inherently problematic, depending on the task. Finally, we relate our findings to prior design guidelines for desktop workflow, and discuss how the guidelines can be extended to mitigate disruptions to mobile taskflow.	Mobile taskflow in context: a screenshot study of smartphone usage	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Seunghwan Lee:Jungsuk Seo:Geehyuk Lee	We designed an algorithm to build a speed-call list adaptively based on mobile phone call logs. Call logs provide the time-dependent calling patterns of mobile phone users, and therefore a speed-call list based on them will be more successful in recommending a desired number than a speed-call list based on recent calls only. This paper presents the design process of our algorithm for an adaptive speed-call list, its verification result with recorded call logs, and in-situ evaluation results of the algorithm using an Experience Sampling Method (ESM) system.	An adaptive speed-call list algorithm and its evaluation with ESM	NA:NA:NA	2010
Ivaylo Ilinkin:Sunghee Kim	This paper reports the results of a user study designed to evaluate text entry methods for mobile phones used in Korea. At present the keypad layout for Korean mobile phones has not been standardized and different manufacturers produce phones with different layouts. Included in the evaluation are three of the dominant text entry methods: Chon-ji-in, EZ-Hangul, and SKY. The metrics used in the analysis are key strokes per character, words per minute, and total error rate. The results suggest that SKY offers a good balance between speed, effort, and accuracy. The paper also introduces a phrase set that has high correlation with the Korean language and could be used in other experiments on Korean text entry methods.	Evaluation of text entry methods for Korean mobile phones, a user study	NA:NA	2010
Kristina Höök	NA	Session details: Remember and reflect	NA	2010
S. Tejaswi Peesapati:Victoria Schwanda:Johnathon Schultz:Matt Lepage:So-yae Jeong:Dan Cosley	Reminiscing is a valuable activity that people of all ages spontaneously and informally partake in as part of their everyday lives. This paper discusses the design and use of Pensieve, a system that supports everyday reminiscence by emailing memory triggers to people that contain either social media content they previously created on third-party websites or text prompts about common life experiences. We discuss how the literature on reminiscence informed Pensieve's design, then analyze data from 91 users over five months. We find that people value spontaneous reminders to reminisce as well as the ability to write about their reminiscing. Shorter, more general triggers draw more responses, as do triggers containing people's own photos-although responses to photos tended to contain more metadata elements than storytelling elements. We compare these results to data from a second, Pensieve-like system developed for Facebook, and suggest a number of important aspects to consider for both designers and researchers around technology and reminiscence.	Pensieve: supporting everyday reminiscence	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Paula M. Bach:Michael Twidale	We draw on the idea of the reflective practitioner to consider how end users can directly contribute to user experience design discussions in open source projects. People with expertise in their own use context but without programming or user experience analysis and design skills can provide reflections on personal experiences.	Involving reflective users in design	NA:NA	2010
Katherine Isbister:Mary Flanagan:Chelsea Hash	This paper presents insights about design practices that can lead to effective and fun games for learning, gleaned from interviews with experienced game developers. We based our approach on Schön's notion of practitioners evolving shared 'appreciation systems' for discussing and critiquing work, and aimed to gather and share some of game designers' 'appreciation system' for games and learning. The resulting insights provide valuable pointers to other designers in the CHI community crafting game-like experiences.	Designing games for learning: insights from conversations with designers	NA:NA:NA	2010
Vaiva Kalnikaite:Abigail Sellen:Steve Whittaker:David Kirk	Lifelogging technologies can capture both mundane and important experiences in our daily lives, resulting in a rich record of the places we visit and the things we see. This study moves beyond technology demonstrations, in aiming to better understand how and why different types of Lifelogs aid memory. Previous work has demonstrated that Lifelogs can aid recall, but that they do many other things too. They can help us look back at the past in new ways, or to reconstruct what we did in our lives, even if we don't recall exact details. Here we extend the notion of Lifelogging to include locational information. We augment streams of Lifelog images with geographic data to examine how different types of data (visual or locational) might affect memory. Our results show that visual cues promote detailed memories (akin to recollection). In contrast locational information supports inferential processes -- allowing participants to reconstruct habits in their behaviour.	Now let me see where i was: understanding how lifelogs mediate memory	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Jofish Kaye	NA	Session details: Sharing in specific communities	NA	2010
William Gaver:Mark Blythe:Andy Boucher:Nadine Jarvis:John Bowers:Peter Wright	In this paper we describe the Prayer Companion, a device we developed as a resource for the spiritual activity of a group of cloistered nuns. The device displays a stream of information sourced from RSS news feeds and social networking sites to suggest possible topics for prayers. The nuns have engaged with the device enthusiastically over the first ten months of an ongoing deployment, and, notwithstanding some initial irritation with the balance of content, report that it plays a significant and continuing role in their prayer life. We discuss how we balanced specificity in the design with a degree of openness for interpretation to create a resource that the nuns could both understand and appropriate, describe the importance of materiality to the device's successful adoption, consider its implications as a design for older people, and reflect on the example it provides of how computation may serve spirituality.	The prayer companion: openness and specificity, materiality and spirituality	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Brian P. Bailey:Eric Horvitz	Establishing a grassroots innovation pipeline has come to the fore as strategy for nurturing innovation within large organizations. A key element of such pipelines is the use of an idea management system that enables and encourages community ideation on defined business problems. The value of these systems can be highly sensitive to design choices, as different designs may influence participation. We report the results of a case study examining the use of one particular idea management system and pipeline. We analyzed the content, interaction, and participation from three creativity challenges organized via the pipeline and conducted interviews with users to uncover motivations for participating and perceptions of the outcomes. Additional interviews were conducted with senior managers to learn about the objectives, successes, and unique nature of the pipeline. From the results, we formulate recommendations for improving the design of idea management systems and execution of the pipelines within organizations.	What's your idea?: a case study of a grassroots innovation pipeline within a large software company	NA:NA	2010
Anna C. Cavender:Daniel S. Otero:Jeffrey P. Bigham:Richard E. Ladner	American Sign Language (ASL) currently lacks agreed-upon signs for complex terms in scientific fields, causing deaf students to miss or misunderstand course material. Furthermore, the same term or concept may have multiple signs, resulting in inconsistent standards and strained collaboration. The ASL-STEM Forum is an online, collaborative, video forum for sharing ASL signs and discussing them. An initial user study of the Forum has shown its viability and revealed lessons in accommodating varying user types, from lurkers to advanced contributors, until critical mass is achieved.	Asl-stem forum: enabling sign language to grow through online collaboration	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Greg Walsh:Jennifer Golbeck	Collection recommender systems suggest groups of items that work well as a whole. The interaction effects between items is an important consideration, but the vast space of possible collections makes it difficult to analyze. In this paper, we present a class of games with a purpose for building collections where users create collections and, using an output agreement model, they are awarded points based on the collections that match. The data from these games will help researchers develop guidelines for collection recommender systems among other applications. We conducted a pilot study of the game prototype which indicated that it was fun and challenging for users, and that the data obtained had the characteristics necessary to gain insights into the interaction effects among items. We present the game and these results followed by a discussion of the next steps necessary to bring games to bear on the problem of creating harmonious groups.	Curator: a game with a purpose for collection recommendation	NA:NA	2010
Jacob Biehl	NA	Session details: Something eye catching	NA	2010
Xinyong Zhang:Xiangshi Ren:Hongbin Zha	We propose a quantitative model for dwell-based eye pointing tasks. Using the concepts of information theory to analogize eye pointing, we define an index of difficulty (IDeye) for the corresponding tasks in a similar manner to the definition that Fitts made for hand pointing. According to our validations in different situations, IDeye, which takes account of the distinct characteristics of rapid saccades and involuntary eye jitters, can accurately and meaningfully describe eye pointing tasks. To the best of our knowledge, this work is the first successful attempt to model eye gaze interactions.	Modeling dwell-based eye pointing target acquisition	NA:NA:NA	2010
Dagmar Kern:Paul Marshall:Albrecht Schmidt	Many tasks require attention switching. For example, searching for information on one sheet of paper and then entering this information onto another one. With paper we see that people use fingers or objects as placeholders. Using these simple aids, the process of switching attention between displays can be simplified and speeded up. With large or multiple visual displays we have many tasks where both attention areas are on the screen and where using a finger as a placeholder is not suitable. One way users deal with this is to use the mouse and highlight their current focus. However, this also has its limitations -- in particular in environments where there is no pointing device. Our approach is to utilize the user's gaze position to provide a visual placeholder. The last area where a user fixated on the screen (before moving their attention away) is highlighted; we call this visual reminder a Gazemark. Gazemarks ease orientation and the resumption of the interrupted task when coming back to this display. In this paper we report on a study where the effectiveness of using Gazemarks was investigated, in particular we show how they can ease attention switching. Our results show faster completion times for a resumed simple visual search task when using this technique. The paper analyzes relevant parameters for the implementation of Gazemarks and discusses some further application areas for this approach.	Gazemarks: gaze-based visual placeholders to ease attention switching	NA:NA:NA	2010
Anthony J. Hornof:Yunfeng Zhang:Tim Halverson	Human-computer systems intended for time-critical multitasking need to be designed with an understanding of how humans can coordinate and interleave perceptual, memory, and motor processes. This paper presents human performance data for a highly-practiced time-critical dual task. In the first of the two interleaved tasks, participants tracked a target with a joystick. In the second, participants keyed-in responses to objects moving across a radar display. Task manipulations include the peripheral visibility of the secondary display (visible or not) and the presence or absence of auditory cues to assist with the radar task. Eye movement analyses reveal extensive coordination and overlapping of human information processes and the extent to which task manipulations helped or hindered dual task performance. For example, auditory cues helped only a little when the secondary display was peripherally visible, but they helped a lot when it was not peripherally visible.	Knowing where and when to look in a time-critical multimodal dual task	NA:NA:NA	2010
Amy Hurst	NA	Session details: Therapy and rehabilitation	NA	2010
Gazihan Alankus:Amanda Lazar:Matt May:Caitlin Kelleher	Stroke is the leading cause of long term disability among adults in industrialized nations. The partial paralysis that stroke patients often experience can make independent living difficult or impossible. Research suggests that many of these patients could recover by performing hundreds of daily repetitions of motions with their affected limbs. Yet, only 31% of patients perform the exercises recommended by their therapists. Home-based stroke rehabilitation games may help motivate stroke patients to perform the necessary exercises to recover. In this paper, we describe a formative study in which we designed and user tested stroke rehabilitation games with both stroke patients and therapists. We describe the lessons we learned about what makes games useful from a therapeutic point of view.	Towards customizable games for stroke rehabilitation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Lauren Wilcox:Dan Morris:Desney Tan:Justin Gatewood	Electronic medical records are increasingly comprehensive, and this vast repository of information has already contri-buted to medical efficiency and hospital procedure. However, this information is not typically accessible to patients, who are frequently under-informed and unclear about their own hospital courses. In this paper, we propose a design for in-room, patient-centric information displays, based on iterative design with physicians. We use this as the basis for a Wizard-of-Oz study in an emergency department, to assess patient and provider responses to in-room information displays. 18 patients were presented with real-time information displays based on their medical records. Semi-structured interviews with patients, family members, and hospital staff reveal that subjective response to in-room displays was overwhelmingly positive, and through these interviews we elicited guidelines regarding specific information types, privacy, use cases, and information presentation techniques. We describe these findings, and we discuss the feasibility of a fully-automatic implementation of our design.	Designing patient-centric information displays for hospitals	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Mark Hancock:Thomas ten Cate:Sheelagh Carpendale:Tobias Isenberg	We present the iterative design of a virtual sandtray application for a tabletop display. The purpose of our prototype is to support sandtray therapy, a form of art therapy typically used for younger clients. A significant aspect of this therapy is the insight gained by the therapist as they observe the client interact with the figurines they use to create a scene in the sandtray. In this manner, the therapist can gain increased understanding of the client's psyche. We worked with three sandtray therapists throughout the evolution of our prototype. We describe the details of the three phases of this design process: initial face-to-face meetings, iterative design and development via distance collaboration, and a final face-to-face feedback session. This process revealed that our prototype was sufficient for therapists to gain insight about a person's psyche through their interactions with the virtual sandtray.	Supporting sandtray therapy on an interactive tabletop	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Micheal Rohs	NA	Session details: Everyday gestures	NA	2010
Daniel Ashbrook:Thad Starner	Devices capable of gestural interaction through motion sensing are increasingly becoming available to consumers; however, motion gesture control has yet to appear outside of game consoles. Interaction designers are frequently not expert in pattern recognition, which may be one reason for this lack of availability. Another issue is how to effectively test gestures to ensure that they are not unintentionally activated by a user's normal movements during everyday usage. We present MAGIC, a gesture design tool that addresses both of these issues, and detail the results of an evaluation.	MAGIC: a motion gesture design tool	NA:NA	2010
Yang Li	Protractor is a novel gesture recognizer that can be easily implemented and quickly customized for different users. Protractor uses a nearest neighbor approach, which recognizes an unknown gesture based on its similarity to each of the known gestures, e.g., training samples or examples given by a user. In particular, it employs a novel method to measure the similarity between gestures, by calculating a minimum angular distance between them with a closed-form solution. As a result, Protractor is more accurate, naturally covers more gesture variation, runs significantly faster and uses much less memory than its peers. This makes Protractor suitable for mobile computing, which is limited in processing power and memory. An evaluation on both a previously published gesture data set and a newly collected gesture data set indicates that Protractor outperforms its peers in many aspects.	Protractor: a fast and accurate gesture recognizer	NA	2010
Eleanor Jones:Jason Alexander:Andreas Andreou:Pourang Irani:Sriram Subramanian	Accelerometers are common on many devices, including those required for text-entry. We investigate how to enter text with devices that are solely enabled with accelerometers. The challenge of text-entry with such devices can be overcome by the careful investigation of the human limitations in gestural movements with accelerometers. Preliminary studies provide insight into two potential text-entry designs that purely use accelerometers for gesture recognition. In two experiments, we evaluate the effectiveness of each of the text-entry designs. The first experiment involves novice users over a 45 minute period while the second investigates the possible performance increases over a four day period. Our results reveal that a matrix-based text-entry system with a small set of simple gestures is the most efficient (5.4wpm) and subjectively preferred by participants.	GesText: accelerometer-based gestural text-entry systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
John Thomas	NA	Session details: HCI in China	NA	2010
Ying Liu:Kari Jouko Räihä	Chinese text entry on mobile phones is critical considering the large number of Chinese speakers worldwide and as a key task in many core applications. But there is still a lack of both empirical data and predictive models that explore the pattern of user behavior in the process. We propose a model to predict user performance with two types of Chinese pinyin input methods on mobile phones. The model integrates a language model (digraph probability) with Fitts' law for key presses, a keystroke-level model for navigation, and a linear model for visual search in pinyin marks and Chinese characters. We tested the model by comparing its predictions with the empirical measures. The predictions are satisfactory and the percentage differences are all within 4% of the empirical results, suggesting that the model can be used to evaluate user performance of Chinese pinyin text entry solutions on mobile phones.	Predicting Chinese text entry speeds on mobile phones	NA:NA	2010
Qinying Liao:Yingxin Pan:Michelle X. Zhou:Fei Ma	Existing studies of online social communities mainly focus on communities in the United States. Since Chinese social beliefs and behaviors largely differ from that of Americans, we hypothesize that Chinese online communities also greatly differ from their U.S. counterparts. In particular, we believe that Chinese online communities must balance management control and individual autonomy to accommodate both Chinese tradition and the social nature of online societies. In this paper, we present three studies to test our hypothesis. First, we use a structured observation (Study I) to examine community governance practices of 32 Chinese and American social sites. Based on the identified community governance practices, we use a cross-cultural survey of 208 Chinese and Americans (Study II) to learn about their behavior and attitude toward these practices. Finally, we interview 38 Chinese users (Study III) to help us further understand how Chinese online communities balance the needs of management and users. Not only do the studies confirm our hypothesis, but they also help us abstract two key design implications of social software to meet the needs of Chinese.	Chinese online communities: balancing managementcontrol and individual autonomy	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Jun Liu:Ying Liu:Pei-Luen Patrick Rau:Hui Li:Xia Wang:Dingjun Li	Mobile entertainment services are rapidly and widely developing. However, in emerging markets like Chinese rural area, entertainment related services are still not fully accepted by mobile phone users. This primary research aimed to study Chinese rural people's acceptance for mobile entertainment, to provide comprehensive models, and to explain the problem from its socio-economic roots. Interview and survey data were collected. Using explorative factor analysis method, two mobile entertainment acceptance models were built: one for rural people in North China and the other in East China. The models show that "social influence" is the most influential factor for north rural users while users' "self efficacy" carries the largest weight in East China. Both factors are more important than "product and service quality". The socio-economic roots of the results were analyzed from the differences between the traditional interdependent society in North China and the more independent society in East China. It primarily reveals the possibility to predict users' technology acceptance with socio-economic variables. Implications for mobile entertainment design were discussed.	How socio-economic structure influences rural users' acceptance of mobile entertainment	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Ben Bederson	NA	Session details: Multitouch	NA	2010
Chi-Wing Fu:Wooi-Boon Goh:Junxiang Allen Ng	Enabling efficient exploration of large-scale virtual environments such as those simulating astrophysical environments is highly challenging. Astrophysical virtual worlds span exceptionally large spatial scales occupied mostly by empty space, and this makes it difficult for the user to comprehend the spatial context during exploratory navigation. Public exhibits, where novice users have little experience using complicated virtual navigation interfaces, pose additional challenges. To address these issues, we propose multi-touch techniques to deliver an effective interface to navigate the unique features of large-scale 3D environments such as astrophysical simulations. In this work, we carefully study conventional multi-touch methods and adapt them to the practical requirements of this application. A novel technique called the powers-of-ten ladder is introduced to support efficient movement across huge spatial scales using multi-touch interactions. We also investigate user experiences with various multi-touch finger gestures on our prototype digital planetarium.	Multi-touch techniques for exploring large-scale 3D astrophysical simulations	NA:NA:NA	2010
Philip Tuddenham:David Kirk:Shahram Izadi	We present an experimental comparison of multi-touch and tangible user interfaces for basic interface actions. Twelve participants completed manipulation and acquisition tasks on an interactive surface in each of three conditions: tangible user interface; multi-touch; and mouse and puck. We found that interface control objects in the tangible condition were easiest to acquire and, once acquired, were easier/more accurate to manipulate. Further qualitative analysis suggested that in the evaluated tasks tangibles offer greater adaptability of control and specifically highlighted a problem of exit error that can undermine fine-grained control in multi-touch interactions. We discuss the implications of these findings for interface design.	Graspables revisited: multi-touch vs. tangible input for tabletop displays in acquisition and manipulation tasks	NA:NA:NA	2010
G. Julian Lepinski:Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice	Despite the considerable quantity of research directed towards multitouch technologies, a set of standardized UI components have not been developed. Menu systems provide a particular challenge, as traditional GUI menus require a level of pointing precision inappropriate for direct finger input. Marking menus are a promising alternative, but have yet to be investigated or adapted for use within multitouch systems. In this paper, we first investigate the human capabilities for performing directional chording gestures, to assess the feasibility of multitouch marking menus. Based on the positive results collected from this study, and in particular, high angular accuracy, we discuss our new multitouch marking menu design, which can increase the number of items in a menu, and eliminate a level of depth. A second experiment showed that multitouch marking menus perform significantly faster than traditional hierarchal marking menus, reducing acquisition times in both novice and expert usage modalities.	The design and evaluation of multitouch marking menus	NA:NA:NA	2010
Celine Latulipe	NA	Session details: Perspectives on design	NA	2010
Batya Friedman:Lisa P. Nathan	This CHI Note proposes a new research initiative for the HCI community: multi-lifespan information system design. The central idea begins with the identification of categories of problems that are unlikely to be solved within a single human lifespan. Three such categories are proposed: limitations of the human psyche, limitations of the structure of society, and slower moving natural time-scales. We then examine possible opportunities and roles for information systems to help construct longer-term solutions to such problems and, in turn, identify key challenges for such systems. Finally, we conclude by discussing significant real world problems that would benefit from a multi-lifespan design approach and point to open questions. This CHI Note's key contribution entails the articulation of a promising new research initiative for the HCI community.	Multi-lifespan information system design: a research initiative for the hci community	NA:NA	2010
S. Shyam Sundar:Qian Xu:Saraswathi Bellur	Interactivity has become ubiquitous in the digital media landscape. Numerous interactive tools are designed, tested, deployed and evaluated. Yet, we do not have generalizable knowledge about the larger concept of interactivity and its psychological impact on user experience. As a first step toward a theory of interface interactivity, this paper identifies three species of interactivity corresponding to three central elements of communication - source, medium, and message. Interactivity situated in any of these three loci of communication can provide cues and affordances that operate either individually or together to capture users' attention and determine the nature and depth of their processing of online content as well as contribute to their perceptions, attitudes and behavioral intentions. This paper discusses psychological mechanisms by which the three classes of interactivity tools affect users, with the specific purpose of drawing out design implications and outlining UI challenges for strategic development of interactive interfaces.	Designing interactivity in media interfaces: a communications perspective	NA:NA:NA	2010
Brian Lee:Savil Srivastava:Ranjitha Kumar:Ronen Brafman:Scott R. Klemmer	Designers often use examples for inspiration; examples offer contextualized instances of how form and content integrate. Can interactive example galleries bring this practice to everyday users doing design work, and does working with examples help the designs they create? This paper explores whether people can realize significant value from explicit mechanisms for designing by example modification. We present the results of three studies, finding that independent raters prefer designs created with the aid of examples, that examples may benefit novices more than experienced designers, that users prefer adaptively selected examples to random ones, and that users make use of multiple examples when creating new designs. To enable these studies and demonstrate how software tools can facilitate designing with examples, we introduce interface techniques for browsing and borrowing from a corpus of examples, manifest in the Adaptive Ideas Web design tool. Adaptive Ideas leverages a faceted metadata interface for viewing and navigating example galleries.	Designing with interactive example galleries	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Elaine Huang	NA	Session details: Public displays	NA	2010
Giulio Jacucci:Ann Morrison:Gabriela T. Richard:Jari Kleimola:Peter Peltonen:Lorenza Parisi:Toni Laitinen	In designing for engagement at a public multi-touch installation, we identified supporting multiple users and allowing for gradual discovery as challenges. In this paper, we present Worlds of Information, a multi-touch application featuring 3D Worlds, which provide access to different content. These 3D widgets gradually unfold and allow for temporal navigation of multimedia in parallel, while also providing a 2D plane where media can be shared. We report on a field trial at an exhibition using questionnaires and video ethnography. We studied engagement through questions adapted from Flow, Presence and Intrinsic Motivation questionnaires, which showed that users, overall, had a positive and social experience with the installation. The worlds effectively invited multiple users and provided for parallel interaction. While functionality was discovered gradually through social learning, the study demonstrates the challenges of designing multi-touch applications for walk-up-and-use displays.	Worlds of information: designing for engagement at a public multi-touch display	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Peter Dalsgaard:Kim Halskov	Media façades comprise a category of urban computing concerned with the integration of displays into the built environment, including buildings and street furniture. This paper identifies and discusses eight challenges faced when designing urban media façades. The challenges concern a broad range of issues: interfaces, physical integration, robustness, content, stakeholders, situation, social relations, and emerging use. The challenges reflect the fact that the urban setting as a domain for interaction design is characterized by a number of circumstances and socio-cultural practices that differ from those of other domains. In order to exemplify the challenges and discuss how they may be addressed, we draw on our experiences from five experimental design cases, ranging from a 180 m2 interactive building façade to displays integrated into bus shelters.	Designing urban media façades: cases and challenges	NA:NA	2010
Sebastian Boring:Dominikus Baur:Andreas Butz:Sean Gustafson:Patrick Baudisch	In 1992, Tani et al. proposed remotely operating machines in a factory by manipulating a live video image on a computer screen. In this paper we revisit this metaphor and investigate its suitability for mobile use. We present Touch Projector, a system that enables users to interact with remote screens through a live video image on their mobile device. The handheld device tracks itself with respect to the surrounding displays. Touch on the video image is "projected" onto the target display in view, as if it had occurred there. This literal adaptation of Tani's idea, however, fails because handheld video does not offer enough stability and control to enable precise manipulation. We address this with a series of improvements, including zooming and freezing the video image. In a user study, participants selected targets and dragged targets between displays using the literal and three improved versions. We found that participants achieved highest performance with automatic zooming and temporary image freezing.	Touch projector: mobile interaction through video	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Albrecht Schmidt	NA	Session details: Sensing	NA	2010
Kei Nakatsuma:Hiroyuki Shinoda	In this paper we describe a method of high accuracy device position and orientation detection for HCI environments. Our position and orientation detection is an additional function to the Two-Dimensional Communication technology, which enables devices placed on a thin sheet to achieve two key functions for ubiquitous computing, to communicate one another and to receive electricity through the sheet wirelessly. This paper discusses the method developed to specify the positions and orientation of devices placed on the sheet. It evaluates the accuracy of obtained position and orientation through an experiment using a prototype of our positioning sensor.	High accuracy position and orientation detection in two-dimensional communication network	NA:NA	2010
Nicolai Marquardt:Alex S. Taylor:Nicolas Villar:Saul Greenberg	People now routinely carry radio frequency identification (RFID) tags - in passports, driver's licenses, credit cards, and other identifying cards - from which nearby RFID readers can access privacy-sensitive information. The problem is that people are often unaware of security and privacy risks associated with RFID, likely because the technology remains largely invisible and uncontrollable for the individual. To mitigate this problem, we introduce a collection of novel yet simple and inexpensive tag designs. Our tags provide reader awareness, where people get visual, audible, or tactile feedback as tags come into the range of RFID readers. Our tags also provide information control, where people can allow or disallow access to the information stored on the tag by how they touch, orient, move, press or illuminate the tag.	Rethinking RFID: awareness and control for interaction with RFID systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Enrico Costanza:Jacques Panchard:Guillaume Zufferey:Julien Nembrini:Julien Freudiger:Jeffrey Huang:Jean-Pierre Hubaux	Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) allow the monitoring of activity or environmental conditions over a large area, from homes to industrial plants, from agriculture fields to forests and glaciers. They can support a variety of applications, from assisted living to natural disaster prevention. WSNs can, however, be challenging to setup and maintain, reducing the potential for real-world adoption. To address this limitation, this paper introduces SensorTune, a novel mobile interface to support non-expert users in iteratively setting up a WSN. SensorTune uses non-speech audio to present to its users information regarding the connectivity of the network they are setting up, allowing them to decide how to extend it. To simplify the interpretation of the data presented, the system adopts the metaphor of tuning a consumer analog radio, a very common and well known operation. A user study was conducted in which 20 subjects setup real multi-hop networks inside a large building using a limited number of wireless nodes. Subjects repeated the task with SensorTune and with a comparable mobile GUI interface. Experimental results show a statistically significant difference in the task completion time and a clear preference of users for the auditory interface.	SensorTune: a mobile auditory interface for DIY wireless sensor networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Youn-kyung Lim	NA	Session details: Usability methods and new domains	NA	2010
Umer Farooq:Leon Welicki:Dieter Zirkler	We describe a usability inspection method to evaluate Application Programming Interfaces (APIs). We found the method useful as it identified usability defects in Microsoft's .NET Framework, of which 59% were new and 21% were fixed. Based on a comparison of usability defects identified between API usability peer reviews and API usability tests, API usability tests were found to expose design issues related to actually using an API whereas API usability peer reviews were found to expose the design rationale of an API. We reflect on the efficiency and productivity of each method: each API usability test is equivalent to 16 API usability peer reviews with the former having a 2.5x productivity advantage. We discuss how API usability peer reviews can be used in conjunction with API usability tests to increase usability coverage on APIs.	API usability peer reviews: a method for evaluating the usability of application programming interfaces	NA:NA:NA	2010
Parmit K. Chilana:Jacob O. Wobbrock:Andrew J. Ko	Although usability methods are widely used for evaluating conventional graphical user interfaces and websites, there is a growing concern that current approaches are inadequate for evaluating complex, domain-specific tools. We interviewed 21 experienced usability professionals, including in-house experts, external consultants, and managers working in a variety of complex domains, and uncovered the challenges commonly posed by domain complexity and how practitioners work around them. We found that despite the best efforts by usability professionals to get familiar with complex domains on their own, the lack of formal domain expertise can be a significant hurdle for carrying out effective usability evaluations. Partnerships with domain experts lead to effective results as long as domain experts are willing to be an integral part of the usability team. These findings suggest that for achieving usability in complex domains, some fundamental educational changes may be needed in the training of usability professionals.	Understanding usability practices in complex domains	NA:NA:NA	2010
Jeff Sauro:James R. Lewis	The distribution of task time data in usability studies is positively skewed. Practitioners who are aware of this positive skew tend to report the sample median. Monte Carlo simulations using data from 61 large-sample usability tasks showed that the sample median is a biased estimate of the population median. Using the geometric mean to estimate the center of the population will, on average, have 13% less error and 22% less bias than the sample median. Other estimates of the population center (trimmed, harmonic and Winsorized means) had worse performance than the sample median.	Average task times in usability tests: what to report?	NA:NA	2010
Steve Harrison	NA	Session details: We are family	NA	2010
Siân E. Lindley:Richard Harper:Abigail Sellen	We present findings from a field study of Wayve, a situated messaging device for the home that incorporates handwriting and photography. Wayve was used by 24 households (some of whom were existing social networks of family and friends) over a three-month period. We consider the various types of playfulness that emerged during the study, both through the sending of Wayve messages and through the local display of photos and notes. The findings are explored in the context of the literature on play, with the aim of identifying aspects of Wayve's design, as well as the context in which it was used, that engendered playfulness. We also highlight the role of play in social relationships, before concluding with design implications.	Designing a technological playground: a field study of the emergence of play in household messaging	NA:NA:NA	2010
Tejinder K. Judge:Carman Neustaedter:Andrew F. Kurtz	Families have a strong need to connect with their loved ones over distance. However, most technologies do not provide the same feelings of connectedness that one feels from seeing remote family members. Hence our goal was to understand if a video connection, in the form of a media space, could help families feel more connected and what design factors would be critical for its success. To answer this, we designed a video media space called the Family Window and deployed it within the homes of two families for eight months and four families for five weeks. Our results show that always-on video can lead to an increase in feelings of connectedness by providing availability awareness and opportunities for sharing everyday life. However usage and value of such media spaces hinges on close-knit relationships and control over one's autonomy.	The family window: the design and evaluation of a domestic media space	NA:NA:NA	2010
Daniela Petrelli:Nicolas Villar:Vaiva Kalnikaite:Lina Dib:Steve Whittaker	Digital mementos are increasingly problematic, as people acquire large amounts of digital belongings that are hard to access and often forgotten. Based on fieldwork with 10 families, we designed a new type of embodied digital memento, the FM Radio. It allows families to access and play sonic mementos of their previous holidays. We describe our underlying design motivation where recordings are presented as a series of channels on an old fashioned radio. User feedback suggests that the device met our design goals: being playful and intriguing, easy to use and social. It facilitated family interaction, and allowed ready access to mementos, thus sharing many of the properties of physical mementos that we intended to trigger.	FM radio: family interplay with sonic mementos	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Elizabeth Buie	NA	Session details: 1001 users	NA	2010
Erica L. Olmsted-Hawala:Elizabeth D. Murphy:Sam Hawala:Kathleen T. Ashenfelter	We describe an empirical, between-subjects study on the use of think-aloud protocols in usability testing of a federal data-dissemination Web site. This double-blind study used three different types of think-aloud protocols: a traditional protocol, a speech-communication protocol, and a coaching protocol. A silent condition served as the control. Eighty participants were recruited and randomly pre-assigned to one of four conditions. Accuracy and efficiency measures were collected, and participants rated their subjective satisfaction with the site. Results show that accuracy is significantly higher in the coaching condition than in the other conditions. The traditional protocol and the speech-communication protocol are not statistically different from each other with regard to accuracy. Participants in the coaching condition are more satisfied with the Web site than participants in the traditional or speech-communication condition. In addition, there are no significant differences with respect to efficiency (time-on-task). This paper concludes with recommendations for usability practitioners.	Think-aloud protocols: a comparison of three think-aloud protocols for use in testing data-dissemination web sites for usability	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Maurits Clemens Kaptein:Clifford Nass:Panos Markopoulos	Likert-type scales are used extensively during usability evaluations, and more generally evaluations of interactive experiences, to obtain quantified data regarding attitudes, behaviors, and judgments of participants. Very often this data is analyzed using parametric statistics like the Student t-test or ANOVAs. These methods are chosen to ensure higher statistical power of the test (which is necessary in this field of research and practice where sample sizes are often small), or because of the lack of software to handle multi-factorial designs nonparametrically. With this paper we present to the HCI audience new developments from the field of medical statistics that enable analyzing multiple factor designs nonparametrically. We demonstrate the necessity of this approach by showing the errors in the parametric treatment of nonparametric data in experiments of the size typically reported in HCI research. We also provide a practical resource for researchers and practitioners who wish to use these new methods.	Powerful and consistent analysis of likert-type ratingscales	NA:NA:NA	2010
Kerry Rodden:Hilary Hutchinson:Xin Fu	More and more products and services are being deployed on the web, and this presents new challenges and opportunities for measurement of user experience on a large scale. There is a strong need for user-centered metrics for web applications, which can be used to measure progress towards key goals, and drive product decisions. In this note, we describe the HEART framework for user-centered metrics, as well as a process for mapping product goals to metrics. We include practical examples of how HEART metrics have helped product teams make decisions that are both data-driven and user-centered. The framework and process have generalized to enough of our company's own products that we are confident that teams in other organizations will be able to reuse or adapt them. We also hope to encourage more research into metrics based on large-scale behavioral data.	Measuring the user experience on a large scale: user-centered metrics for web applications	NA:NA:NA	2010
Julie S. Downs:Mandy B. Holbrook:Steve Sheng:Lorrie Faith Cranor	In this paper we discuss a screening process used in conjunction with a survey administered via Amazon.com's Mechanical Turk. We sought an easily implementable method to disqualify those people who participate but don't take the study tasks seriously. By using two previously pilot tested screening questions, we identified 764 of 1,962 people who did not answer conscientiously. Young men seem to be most likely to fail the qualification task. Those that are professionals, students, and non-workers seem to be more likely to take the task seriously than financial workers, hourly workers, and other workers. Men over 30 and women were more likely to answer seriously.	Are your participants gaming the system?: screening mechanical turk workers	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Rainer Böhme:Stefan Köpsell	A typical consent dialog was shown in 2 x 2 x 3 experimental variations to 80,000 users of an online privacy tool. We find that polite requests and button texts pointing to a voluntary decision decrease the probability of consent---in contrast to findings in social psychology. Our data suggests that subtle positive effects of polite requests indeed exist, but stronger negative effects of heuristic processing dominate the aggregated results. Participants seem to be habituated to coercive interception dialogs---presumably due to ubiquitous EULAs---and blindly accept terms the more their presentation resembles a EULA. Response latency and consultation of online help were taken as indicators to distinguish more systematic from heuristic responses.	Trained to accept?: a field experiment on consent dialogs	NA:NA	2010
Alice (Haeyun) Oh	NA	Session details: Cooking, classrooms, and craft	NA	2010
Daniela K. Rosner:Kimiko Ryokai	We present data collected from a field study of 12 needle-crafters introduced to Spyn-mobile phone software that associates digital records (audio/visual media, text, and geographic data) with locations on fabric. We observed leisure needle-crafters use Spyn to create one or more handmade garments over two to four weeks and then give those garments to friends, partners, and family members. Using Spyn, creators left behind digital and physical traces that heightened recipients' appreciation for the gift and enabled a diverse set of meanings to emerge. Digital engagements with Spyn became a means for unraveling the value of the gift: recipients used digital information associated with the physical objects to interpret the story behind the objects and their creators. We discuss the nature of this relationship between digital and physical material and its implications for craft.	Spyn: augmenting the creative and communicative potential of craft	NA:NA	2010
Sureyya Tarkan:Vibha Sazawal:Allison Druin:Evan Golub:Elizabeth M. Bonsignore:Greg Walsh:Zeina Atrash	An intergenerational design team of children (ages 7-11 years old) along with graduate students and faculty in computer science and information studies developed a programming language for children, Toque. Concrete real-world cooking scenarios were used as programming metaphors to support an accessible programming learning experience. The Wiimote and Nunchuk were used as physical programming input devices. The programs that were created were pictorial recipes which dynamically controlled animations of an on-screen chef preparing virtual dishes in a graphical kitchen environment. Through multiple design sessions, programming strategies were explored, cooking metaphors were developed and, prototypes of the Toque environment were iterated. Results of these design experiences have shown us the importance of pair-programming, programming by storytelling, parallel programming, function-argument relationships, and the role of tangibility in overcoming challenges with constraints imposed by the system design.	Toque: designing a cooking-based programming language for and with children	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Yuta Sugiura:Daisuke Sakamoto:Anusha Withana:Masahiko Inami:Takeo Igarashi	We propose a cooking system that operates in an open environment. The system cooks a meal by pouring various ingredients into a boiling pot on an induction heating cooker and adjusts the heating strength according to the user's instructions. We then describe how the system incorporates robotic- and human-specific elements in a shared workspace so as to achieve a cooperative rudimentary cooking capability. First, we use small mobile robots instead of built-in arms to save space, improve flexibility and increase safety. Second, we use detachable visual markers to allow the user to easily configure the real-world environment. Third, we provide a graphical user interface to display detailed cooking instructions to the user. We hope insights obtained in this experiment will be useful for the design of other household systems in the future.	Cooking with robots: designing a household system working in open environments	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Chris Harrison	NA	Session details: Displays where you least expect them	NA	2010
Xing-Dong Yang:Edward Mak:David McCallum:Pourang Irani:Xiang Cao:Shahram Izadi	We introduce LensMouse, a novel device that embeds a touch-screen display -- or tangible 'lens' -- onto a mouse. Users interact with the display of the mouse using direct touch, whilst also performing regular cursor-based mouse interactions. We demonstrate some of the unique capabili-ties of such a device, in particular for interacting with auxil-iary windows, such as toolbars, palettes, pop-ups and dia-log-boxes. By migrating these windows onto LensMouse, challenges such as screen real-estate use and window man-agement can be alleviated. In a controlled experiment, we evaluate the effectiveness of LensMouse in reducing cursor movements for interacting with auxiliary windows. We also consider the concerns involving the view separation that results from introducing such a display-based device. Our results reveal that overall users are more effective with LenseMouse than with auxiliary application windows that are managed either in single or dual-monitor setups. We conclude by presenting other application scenarios that LensMouse could support.	LensMouse: augmenting the mouse with an interactive touch display	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Chunyuan Liao:Qiong Liu:Bee Liew:Lynn Wilcox	PACER is a gesture-based interactive paper system that supports fine-grained paper document content manipulation through the touch screen of a cameraphone. Using the phone's camera, PACER links a paper document to its digital version based on visual features. It adopts camera-based phone motion detection for embodied gestures (e.g. marquees, underlines and lassos), with which users can flexibly select and interact with document details (e.g. individual words, symbols and pixels). The touch input is incorporated to facilitate target selection at fine granularity, and to address some limitations of the embodied interaction, such as hand jitter and low input sampling rate. This hybrid interaction is coupled with other techniques such as semi-real time document tracking and loose physical-digital document registration, offering a gesture-based command system. We demonstrate the use of PACER in various scenarios including work-related reading, maps and music score playing. A preliminary user study on the design has produced encouraging user feedback, and suggested future research for better understanding of embodied vs. touch interaction and one vs. two handed interaction.	Pacer: fine-grained interactive paper via camera-touch hybrid gestures on a cell phone	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Hyunyoung Song:Francois Guimbretiere:Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice	MouseLight is a spatially-aware standalone mobile projector with the form factor of a mouse that can be used in combination with digital pens on paper. By interacting with the projector and the pen bimanually, users can visualize and modify the virtually augmented contents on top of the paper, and seamlessly transition between virtual and physical information. We present a high fidelity hardware prototype of the system and demonstrate a set of novel interactions specifically tailored to the unique properties of MouseLight. MouseLight differentiates itself from related systems such as PenLight in two aspects. First, MouseLight presents a rich set of bimanual interactions inspired by the ToolGlass interaction metaphor, but applied to physical paper. Secondly, our system explores novel displaced interactions, that take advantage of the independent input and output that is spatially aware of the underneath paper. These properties enable users to issue remote commands such as copy and paste or search. We also report on a preliminary evaluation of the system which produced encouraging observations and feedback.	MouseLight: bimanual interactions on digital paper using a pen and a spatially-aware mobile projector	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Dave Kirk Kirk	NA	Session details: Domestic life	NA	2010
Scott Davidoff:John Zimmerman:Anind K. Dey	Researchers have detailed the importance of routines in how people live and work, while also cautioning system designers about the importance of people's idiosyncratic behavior patterns and the challenges they would present to learning systems. We wish to take up their challenge, and offer a vision of how simple sensing technology could capture and model idiosyncratic routines, enabling applications to solve many real world problems. To identify how a simple routine learner can demonstrate this in support of family coordination, we conducted six months of nightly interviews with six families, focusing on how they make and execute plans. Our data reveals that only about 40% of events unfold in a routine manner. When deviations do occur, family members often need but do not have access to accurate information about their routines. With about 90% of their content concerning deviations, not routines, families do not rely on calendars to support them during these moments. We discuss how coordination tools, like calendars and reminder systems, would improve coordination and reduce stress when augmented with routine information, and how commercial mobile phones can support the automatic creation of routine models.	How routine learners can support family coordination	NA:NA:NA	2010
Shwetak N. Patel:Sidhant Gupta:Matthew S. Reynolds	We present the design, development, and evaluation of an end-user installable, whole house power consumption sensing system capable of gathering accurate real-time power use that does not require installing a current transformer around the electrical feeds in a home. Rather, our sensor system offers contactless operation by simply placing it on the outside of the breaker panel in a home. Although there are a number of existing commercial systems for gathering energy use in a home, almost none can easily and safely be installed by a homeowner (especially for homes in the U.S.). Our approach leverages advances in magnetoresistive materials and circuit design to allow contactless operation by reliably sensing the magnetic field induced by the 60 Hz current and a closed loop circuit allows us to precisely infer the power consumption in real-time. The contribution of this work is an enabling technology for researchers in the fields of Ubiquitous Computing and Human-Computer Interaction wanting to conduct practical large-scale deployments of end-user-deployable energy monitoring applications. We discuss the technical details, the iterative design, and end-user evaluations of our sensing approach.	The design and evaluation of an end-user-deployable, whole house, contactless power consumption sensor	NA:NA:NA	2010
Hitomi Tsujita:Koji Tsukada:Siio Itiro	To supplement existing forms of communication such as telephone and e-mail, this research proposes a new method of communicating "awareness" between people who are separated by long distances. In this paper, we investigate cases where coincidences in daily activities lead to casual conversation and thus intimacy and togetherness. We propose a new method of communicating these "happy coincidences" between a pair of remotely located locations. By equipping furniture and appliances such as doors, sofas, refrigerators and televisions with sensors, we developed a system wherein these items are connected to remote equivalents and their near simultaneous use is communicated. We conducted a two month field test of the system in a laboratory setting and a three month field test in an actual home. The study showed that the participant felt the presence of other people and thought about, imagined or even confirmed the habits of others by intentionally triggering the coincidence notification.	InPhase: evaluation of a communication system focused on "happy coincidences" of daily behaviors	NA:NA:NA	2010
Deborah Tatar	NA	Session details: Finding your mojo and doing some good	NA	2010
Dvijesh Shastri:Yuichi Fujiki:Ross Buffington:Panagiotis Tsiamyrtzis:Ioannis Pavlidis	Unlike machines, we humans are prone to boredom when we perform routine activities for long periods of time. Workers' mental engagement in boring tasks diminishes, which eventually, compromises their performance. The result is a double-whammy because the workers do not get job satisfaction and their employers do not receive optimal return on investment. This paper proposes a novel way for improving workers' mental engagement and hence, enjoyment, in routine activities. Specifically, we propose to blend in routine tasks mild mental/physical challenges. To test our hypothesis, we chose to experiment on a monitoring task typical of security guard operations. We combined this routine task with an iPhone-based game to make it more enjoyable. The results from 10 participants show that their mental engagement and enjoyment were significantly higher during the combined task.	O job can you return my mojo: improving human engagement and enjoyment in routine activities	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Kaisa Väänänen-Vainio-Mattila:Minna Wäljas:Jarno Ojala:Katarina Segerståhl	Social activity is becoming a central contributor to user experience (UX) in many modern Web services. The motivations, norms and rules of online communities have been widely researched, however, social activity and its UX in modern Web services is a less studied area. We conducted a four-week-long field study with three Web services -- Facebook, Nokia Sports Tracker and Dopplr -- which all support social activity. The aim of this study was to identify the central drivers and hindrances of social UX, user experience of online social activity. Our results show that the main drivers of social UX include self-expression, reciprocity, learning and curiosity, whereas unsuitability of content and functionality, incompleteness of user networks and lack of trust and privacy are often experienced as hindrances for social UX. Our findings also reveal the pragmatic and hedonic nature of the drivers and hindrances. The results can be used to inform design and evaluation of social UX in Web services.	Identifying drivers and hindrances of social user experience in web services	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Bjoern Hartmann	NA	Session details: Software understanding and maintenance	NA	2010
Andrew Bragdon:Robert Zeleznik:Steven P. Reiss:Suman Karumuri:William Cheung:Joshua Kaplan:Christopher Coleman:Ferdi Adeputra:Joseph J. LaViola, Jr.	Developers spend significant time reading and navigating code fragments spread across multiple locations. The file-based nature of contemporary IDEs makes it prohibitively difficult to create and maintain a simultaneous view of such fragments. We propose a novel user interface metaphor for code understanding based on collections of lightweight, editable fragments called bubbles, which form concurrently visible working sets. We present the results of a qualitative usability evaluation, and the results of a quantitative study which indicates Code Bubbles significantly improved code understanding time, while reducing navigation interactions over a widely-used IDE, for two controlled tasks.	Code bubbles: a working set-based interface for code understanding and maintenance	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Fatih Kursat Ozenc:Miso Kim:John Zimmerman:Stephen Oney:Brad Myers	When designing novel GUI controls, interaction designers are challenged by the "immaterial" materiality of the digital domain; they lack tools that effectively support a reflecting conversation with the material of software as they attempt to conceive, refine, and communicate their ideas. To investigate this situation, we conducted two participatory design workshops. In the first workshop, focused on conceiving, we observed that designers want to invent controls by exploring gestures, context, and examples. In the second workshop, on refining and communicating, designers proposed tools that could refine movement, document context through usage scenarios, and support the use of examples. In this workshop they struggled to effectively communicate their ideas for developers because their ideas had not been fully explored. In reflecting on this struggle, we began to see an opportunity for the output of a design tool to be a boundary object that would allow for an ongoing conversation between the design and the material of software, in which the developer acts as a mediator for software.	How to support designers in getting hold of the immaterial material of software	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Jeffrey W. Nichols	NA	Session details: Users and attention on the web	NA	2010
Chen-Hsiang Yu:Robert C. Miller	Readers face many obstacles on today's Web, including distracting content competing for the user's attention and other factors interfering with comfortable reading. On today's primarily English-language Web, non-native readers encounter even more problems, even if they have some fluency in English. In this paper, we focus on the presentation of content and propose a new transformation method, Jenga Format, to enhance web page readability. To evaluate the Jenga Format, we conducted a user study on 30 Asian users with moderate English fluency and the results indicated that the proposed transformation method improved reading comprehension without negatively affecting reading speed. We also describe Froggy, a Firefox extension which implements the Jenga format.	Enhancing web page readability for non-native readers	NA:NA	2010
Gregory Abowd	NA	Session details: Going to the mall: shopping and product design	NA	2010
Maurice Chu:Brinda Dalal:Alan Walendowski:Bo Begole	We examine opportunities for ubiquitous technologies in retail shopping, jewelry shopping in this case, to supplement the unique information needs inherent to physical trials of tactile products. We describe an iterative design approach to develop a mirror system that records and matches images across jewelry trials called the Countertop Responsive Mirror. The key technological distinction of our system from prior technologies is the use of "matched access," which automatically retrieves images that match a scene shown in separately accessed images. This not only helps shoppers compare jewelry but also promotes interactions among all parties during shopping. We report qualitative findings from multiple field trials of the system. This paper contributes to a body of research on the design and introduction of new technologies into retail shopping that provide value to all users without disruption to their normative practices and behaviors.	Countertop responsive mirror: supporting physical retail shopping for sellers, buyers and companions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Sun Young Park:John Zimmerman	As long as people have traveled, they have constructed bags to help them carry more items than their hands will hold. While quite effective at keeping things together, bags do a poor job of communicating when something is missing. We propose that there exists an opportunity for the HCI community to improve the quality of people's lives by creating bags that have knowledge of people's schedules and equipment needs, can sense their contents, and can communicate when something has been forgotten. To investigate this opportunity, we conducted a field study with six dual-income families. Through interviews and observations we investigated their experiences using bags to organize equipment needed for children's enrichment activities. Based on the findings we generated 100 concepts and conducted a needs validation session to better understand the best opportunity to improve people's lives with technical intervention. This paper reports on our field study and needs validation session, and shares insights on the opportunities and implications of a smart activity bag.	Investigating the opportunity for a smart activity bag	NA:NA	2010
Steve Feiner	NA	Session details: Graphs	NA	2010
Jing Li:Jean-Bernard Martens:Jarke J. van Wijk	Symbols are used in scatterplots to encode data in a way that is appropriate for perception through human visual channels. Symbol size is believed to be the second dominant channel after color. We study symbol size perception in scatterplots in the context of analytic tasks requiring size discrimination. More specifically, we performed an experiment to measure human performance in three visual analytic tasks. Circles are used as the representative symbol, with eight, linearly varying radii; 24 persons, divided across three groups, participated; and both objective and subjective measures were obtained. We propose a model to describe the results. The perception of size is assumed to be an early step in the complex cognitive process to mediate discrimination, and psychophysical laws are used to describe this perceptual mapping. Different mapping schemes are compared by regression on the experimental data. The results show that approximate homogeneity of size perception exists in our complex tasks and can be closely described by a power law transformation with an exponent of 0.4. This yields an optimal scale for symbol size discrimination.	A model of symbol size discrimination in scatterplots	NA:NA:NA	2010
David R. Flatla:Carl Gutwin	Color is commonly used to represent categories and values in many computer applications, but differentiating these colors can be difficult in many situations (e.g., for users with color vision deficiency (CVD), or in bright light). Current solutions to this problem can adapt colors based on standard simulations of CVD, but these models cover only a fraction of the ways in which color perception can vary. To improve the specificity and accuracy of these approaches, we have developed the first ever individualized model of color differentiation (ICD). The model is based on a short calibration performed by a particular user for a particular display, and so automatically covers all aspects of the user's ability to see and differentiate colors in an environment. In this paper we introduce the new model and the manner in which differentiability limits are predicted. We gathered empirical data from 16 users to assess the model's accuracy and robustness. We found that the model is highly effective at capturing individual differentiation abilities, works for users with and without CVD, can be tuned to balance accuracy and color availability, and can serve as the basis for improved color adaptation schemes.	Individual models of color differentiation to improve interpretability of information visualization	NA:NA	2010
Scott Bateman:Regan L. Mandryk:Carl Gutwin:Aaron Genest:David McDine:Christopher Brooks	Guidelines for designing information charts (such as bar charts) often state that the presentation should reduce or remove 'chart junk' - visual embellishments that are not essential to understanding the data. In contrast, some popular chart designers wrap the presented data in detailed and elaborate imagery, raising the questions of whether this imagery is really as detrimental to understanding as has been proposed, and whether the visual embellishment may have other benefits. To investigate these issues, we conducted an experiment that compared embellished charts with plain ones, and measured both interpretation accuracy and long-term recall. We found that people's accuracy in describing the embellished charts was no worse than for plain charts, and that their recall after a two-to-three-week gap was significantly better. Although we are cautious about recommending that all charts be produced in this style, our results question some of the premises of the minimalist approach to chart design.	Useful junk?: the effects of visual embellishment on comprehension and memorability of charts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Gary Olson	NA	Session details: HCI and the developing world	NA	2010
Nithya Sambasivan:Ed Cutrell:Kentaro Toyama:Bonnie Nardi	We describe a prevalent mode of information access in low-income communities of the developing world--intermediated interactions. They enable persons for whom technology is inaccessible due to non-literacy, lack of technology-operation skills, or financial constraints, to benefit from technologies through digitally skilled users--thus, expanding the reach of technologies. Reporting the results of our ethnography in two urban slums of Bangalore, India, we present three distinct intermediated interactions: inputting intent into the device in proximate enabling, interpretation of device output in proximate translation, and both input of intent and interpretation of output in surrogate usage. We present some requirements and challenges in interface design of these interactions and explain how they are different from direct interactions. We then explain the broader effects of these interactions on low-income communities, and present some implications for design.	Intermediated technology use in developing communities	NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Susan P. Wyche:Thomas N. Smyth:Marshini Chetty:Paul M. Aoki:Rebecca E. Grinter	We present results from a qualitative study examining how professionals living and working in Nairobi, Kenya regularly use ICT in their everyday lives. There are two contributions of this work for the HCI community. First, we provide empirical evidence demonstrating constraints our participants encountered when using technology in an infrastructure-poor setting. These constraints are limited bandwidth, high costs, differing perceptions of responsiveness, and threats to physical and virtual security. Second, we use our findings to critically evaluate the "access, anytime and anywhere" construct shaping the design of future technologies. We present an alternative vision called deliberate interactions--a planned and purposeful interaction style that involves offline preparation and discuss ways ICT can support this online usage behavior.	Deliberate interactions: characterizing technology use in Nairobi, Kenya	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Shikoh Gitau:Gary Marsden:Jonathan Donner	This study reports results of an ethnographic action research study, exploring mobile-centric internet use. Over the course of 13 weeks, eight women, each a member of a livelihoods collective in urban Cape Town, South Africa, received training to make use of the data (internet) features on the phones they already owned. None of the women had previous exposure to PCs or the internet. Activities focused on social networking, entertainment, information search, and, in particular, job searches. Results of the exercise reveal both the promise of, and barriers to, mobile internet use by a potentially large community of first-time, mobile-centric users. Discussion focuses on the importance of self-expression and identity management in the refinement of online and offline presences, and considers these forces relative to issues of gender and socioeconomic status.	After access: challenges facing mobile-only internet users in the developing world	NA:NA:NA	2010
Nithya Sambasivan:Ed Cutrell:Kentaro Toyama	We describe ViralVCD: a low cost method for tracing paths of information diffusion in developing communities using physical media. We instituted a participatory video framework for creation and dissemination of developmental videos in seven urban slums and peri-urban communities of Bangalore, India. By combining a call-in contest with Video CDs, we were able to measure developmental impact as well as elicit data on social networks and technology usage practices. In particular, our technique was able to extract data from multiple layers-social, technological, and developmental. ViralVCD allowed us to identify key actors and map information diffusion, as well as technology ownership and access. These findings have implications for HCI initiatives targeting low income locales and populations.	ViralVCD: tracing information-diffusion paths with low cost media in developing communities	NA:NA:NA	2010
Rob Miller	NA	Session details: No touch	NA	2010
Kenton O'Hara	In the growing field of tabletop computing research, there has been an understandable focus on interactive aspects of tabletop use, in terms of technology, design, and behavioural analysis. In this paper, I highlight the importance of considering also non-interactive aspects of tabletop computing and the mutually dependent relationship between interactive and non-interactive. We illustrate aspects of this relationship using findings from a deployment of an interactive tabletop in a public setting. The findings highlight how consequences of interaction can impact on non-interactive behaviours and intentions and how non-interactive actions can constrain interactive behaviours on the tabletop. In doing this we aim to raise more awareness of the relationship between interactivity and non-interactivity within tabletop computing research.	Interactivity and non-interactivity on tabletops	NA	2010
Sylvain Malacria:Eric Lecolinet:Yves Guiard	This paper introduces two novel navigation techniques, CycloPan, for clutch-free 2D panning and browsing, and CycloZoom+, for integrated 2D panning and zooming. These techniques instantiate a more generic concept which we call Cyclo* (CycloStar). The basic idea is that users can exert closed-loop control over several continuous variables by voluntarily modulating the parameters of a sustained oscillation. Touch-sensitive surfaces tend to offer impoverished input resources. Cyclo* techniques seem particularly promising on these surfaces because oscillations have multiple geometrical and kinematic parameters many of which may be used as controls. While CycloPan and CycloZoom+ are compatible with each other and with much of the state of the art, our experimental evaluations suggest that these two novel techniques outperform flicking and rubbing techniques.	Clutch-free panning and integrated pan-zoom control on touch-sensitive surfaces: the cyclostar approach	NA:NA:NA	2010
Li-Wei Chan:Hui-Shan Kao:Mike Y. Chen:Ming-Sui Lee:Jane Hsu:Yi-Ping Hung	In this paper, we explore the challenges in applying and investigate methodologies to improve direct-touch interaction on intangible displays. Direct-touch interaction simplifies object manipulation, because it combines the input and display into a single integrated interface. While traditional tangible display-based direct-touch technology is commonplace, similar direct-touch interaction within an intangible display paradigm presents many challenges. Given the lack of tactile feedback, direct-touch interaction on an intangible display may show poor performance even on the simplest of target acquisition tasks. In order to study this problem, we have created a prototype of an intangible display. In the initial study, we collected user discrepancy data corresponding to the interpretation of 3D location of targets shown on our intangible display. The result showed that participants performed poorly in determining the z-coordinate of the targets and were imprecise in their execution of screen touches within the system. Thirty percent of positioning operations showed errors larger than 30mm from the actual surface. This finding triggered our interest to design a second study, in which we quantified task time in the presence of visual and audio feedback. The pseudo-shadow visual feedback was shown to be helpful both in improving user performance and satisfaction.	Touching the void: direct-touch interaction for intangible displays	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Lucy Suchman	NA	Agencies at the Interface: Expanding Frames and Accountable Cuts	NA	2010
Allison Druin:Ben Bederson	NA	The 2010 SIGCHI Social Impact Award	NA:NA	2010
Allison Druin:Ben Bederson	NA	The 2010 SIGCHI Social Impact Award: Q&A	NA:NA	2010
Elizabeth Mynatt:John White:Gerrit van der Veer	NA	CHI 2010 Welcome	NA:NA:NA	2010
Genevieve Bell	NA	Messy Futures: Culture, Technology and Research	NA	2010
Genevieve Bell	NA	Messy Futures: Culture, Technology and Research: Q&A	NA	2010
Elizabeth Churchill:Susan Dray:Ame Elliott:Patrick Larvie:David Siegel	NA	Addressing Challenges in Doing International Field Research	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2010
Mira Dontcheva:Matt Jones:Max L. Wilson	NA	CHI Madness: Part 1	NA:NA:NA	2010
Karen Holtzblatt	NA	Lifetime Practice Award	NA	2010
Mira Dontcheva:Matt Jones:Max L. Wilson	NA	CHI Madness: Part 2	NA:NA:NA	2010
Mira Dontcheva:Matt Jones:Max L. Wilson	NA	CHI Madness: Part 3	NA:NA:NA	2010
Usman Haque	NA	Invited Design Speaker	NA	2010
Antonella De Angeli	NA	Session details: Visualization and aesthetics	NA	2014
Vygandas Šimbelis:Anders Lundström:Kristina Höök:Jordi Solsona:Vincent Lewandowski	Through our art project, Metaphone, we explored a particular form of aesthetics referred to in the arts tradition as machine aesthetics. The Metaphone machine collects the participant's bio-data, Galvanic Skin Response (GSR) and Heart Rate (HR), creating a process of movement, painting and sound. The machine behaves in machine-like, aesthetically evocative ways: a shaft on two large wheels rotates on the floor, carrying paint that is dripped onto a large sheet of aquarelle paper on the floor according to bio-sensor data. A soundscape rhythmically follows the bio-sensor data, but also has its own machine-like sounds. Six commentators were invited to interact with the machine. They reported a strangely relaxing atmosphere induced by the machine. Based on these experiences we discuss how different art styles can help to describe aesthetics in interaction design generally, and how machine aesthetics in particular can be used to create interesting, sustained, stylistically coherent interactions.	Metaphone: machine aesthetics meets interaction design	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Katharina Reinecke:Krzysztof Z. Gajos	Website aesthetics have been recognized as an influential moderator of people's behavior and perception. However, what users perceive as "good design" is subject to individual preferences, questioning the feasibility of universal design guidelines. To better understand how people's visual preferences differ, we collected 2.4 million ratings of the visual appeal of websites from nearly 40 thousand participants of diverse backgrounds. We address several gaps in the knowledge about design preferences of previously understudied groups. Among other findings, our results show that the level of colorfulness and visual complexity at which visual appeal is highest strongly varies: Females, for example, liked colorful websites more than males. A high education level generally lowers this preference for colorfulness. Russians preferred a lower visual complexity, and Macedonians liked highly colorful designs more than any other country in our dataset. We contribute a computational model and estimates of peak appeal that can be used to support rapid evaluations of website design prototypes for specific target groups.	Quantifying visual preferences around the world	NA:NA	2014
Andreas Sonderegger:Andreas Uebelbacher:Manuela Pugliese:Juergen Sauer	An experimental study examined whether the effects of aesthetic appeal on usability test outcomes are moderated by usage domain. The aesthetic appeal of a cell phone was experimentally manipulated in both home- and work-based usage domains. The two usage domains were modeled in a usability laboratory. 60 participants completed a series of typical cell phone user tasks. Dependent measures such as performance, perceived usability, and emotion were taken. The results showed that aesthetic appeal had a positive effect on perceived usability but a negative effect on performance. The effects of aesthetic appeal on usability test outcomes were not moderated by usage domain. The results of this study imply that it may be sufficient to test dual-domain products in only one of their usage domains.	The influence of aesthetics in usability testing: the case of dual-domain products	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Nicholas Kong:Marti A. Hearst:Maneesh Agrawala	News articles, reports, blog posts and academic papers often include graphical charts that serve to visually reinforce arguments presented in the text. To help readers better understand the relation between the text and the chart, we present a crowdsourcing pipeline to extract the references between them. Specifically, we give crowd workers paragraph-chart pairs and ask them to select text phrases as well as the corresponding visual marks in the chart. We then apply automated clustering and merging techniques to unify the references generated by multiple workers into a single set. Comparing the crowdsourced references to a set of gold standard references using a distance measure based on the F1 score, we find that the average distance between the raw set of references produced by a single worker and the gold standard is 0.54 (out of a max of 1.0). When we apply clustering and merging techniques the average distance between the unified set of references and the gold standard reduces to 0.39; an improvement of 27%. We conclude with an interactive document viewing application that uses the extracted references; readers can select phrases in the text and the system highlights the related marks in the chart.	Extracting references between text and charts via crowdsourcing	NA:NA:NA	2014
Yunan Chen	NA	Session details: Stress	NA	2014
Gloria Mark:Yiran Wang:Melissa Niiya	While HCI has focused on multitasking with information workers, we report on multitasking among Millennials who grew up with digital media - focusing on college students. We logged computer activity and used biosensors to measure stress of 48 students for 7 days for all waking hours, in their in situ environments. We found a significant positive relationship with stress and daily time spent on computers. Stress is positively associated with the amount of multitasking. Conversely, stress is negatively associated with Facebook and social media use. Heavy multitaskers use significantly more social media and report lower positive affect than light multitaskers. Night habits affect multitasking the following day: late-nighters show longer duration of computer use and those ending their activities earlier in the day multitask less. Our study shows that college students multitask at double the frequency compared to studies of information workers. These results can inform designs for stress management of college students.	Stress and multitasking in everyday college life: an empirical study of online activity	NA:NA:NA	2014
Javier Hernandez:Pablo Paredes:Asta Roseway:Mary Czerwinski	Recognizing when computer users are stressed can help reduce their frustration and prevent a large variety of negative health conditions associated with chronic stress. However, measuring stress non-invasively and continuously at work remains an open challenge. This work explores the possibility of using a pressure-sensitive keyboard and a capacitive mouse to discriminate between stressful and relaxed conditions in a laboratory study. During a 30 minute session, 24 participants performed several computerized tasks consisting of expressive writing, text transcription, and mouse clicking. During the stressful conditions, the large majority of the participants showed significantly increased typing pressure (>79% of the participants) and more contact with the surface of the mouse (75% of the participants). We discuss the potential implications of this work and provide recommendations for future work.	Under pressure: sensing stress of computer users	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
David Sun:Pablo Paredes:John Canny	Stress causes and exacerbates many physiological and mental health problems. Routine and unobtrusive monitoring of stress would enable a variety of treatments, from break-taking to calming exercises. It may also be a valuable tool for assessing effects (frustration, difficulty) of using interfaces or applications. Custom sensing hardware is a poor option, because of the need to buy/wear/use it continuously, even before stress-related problems are evident. Here we explore stress measurement from common computer mouse operations. We use a simple model of arm-hand dynamics that captures muscle stiffness during mouse movement. We show that the within-subject mouse-derived stress measure is quite strong, even compared to concurrent physiological sensor measurements. While our study used fixed mouse tasks, the stress signal was still strong even when averaged across widely varying task geometries. We argue that mouse sensing "in the wild" may be feasible, by analyzing frequently-performed operations of particular geometries.	MouStress: detecting stress from mouse motion	NA:NA:NA	2014
Chiew Seng Sean Tan:Johannes Schöning:Kris Luyten:Karin Coninx	During remote video-mediated assistance, instructors often guide workers through problems and instruct them to perform unfamiliar or complex operations. However, the workers' performance might deteriorate due to stress. We argue that informing biofeedback to the instructor, can improve communication and lead to lower stress. This paper presents a thorough investigation on mental workload and stress perceived by twenty participants, paired up in an instructor-worker scenario, performing remote video-mediated tasks. The interface conditions differ in task, facial and biofeedback communication. Two self-report measures are used to assess mental workload and stress. Results show that pairs reported lower mental workload and stress when instructors are using the biofeedback as compared to using interfaces with facial view. Significant correlations were found on task performance with reducing stress (i.e. increased task engagement and decreased worry) for instructors and declining mental workload (i.e. increased performance) for workers. Our findings provide insights to advance video-mediated interfaces for remote collaborative work.	Investigating the effects of using biofeedback as visual stress indicator during video-mediated collaboration	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
David McGookin	NA	Session details: Social local mobile	NA	2014
Alfred Kobsa:Bart P. Knijnenburg:Benjamin Livshits	Many users welcome personalized services, but are reluctant to provide the information about themselves that personalization requires. Performing personalization exclusively at the client side (e.g., on one's smartphone) may conceptually increase privacy, because no data is sent to a remote provider. But does client-side personalization (CSP) also increase users' perception of privacy? We developed a causal model of privacy attitudes and behavior in personalization, and validated it in an experiment that contrasted CSP with personalization at three remote providers: Amazon, a fictitious company, and the "Cloud". Participants gave roughly the same amount of personal data and tracking permissions in all four conditions. A structural equation modeling analysis reveals the reasons: CSP raises the fewest privacy concerns, but does not lead in terms of perceived protection nor in resulting self-anticipated satisfaction and thus privacy-related behavior. Encouragingly, we found that adding certain security features to CSP is likely to raise its perceived protection significantly. Our model predicts that CSP will then also sharply improve on all other privacy measures.	Let's do it at my place instead?: attitudinal and behavioral study of privacy in client-side personalization	NA:NA:NA	2014
Joshua Tan:Khanh Nguyen:Michael Theodorides:Heidi Negrón-Arroyo:Christopher Thompson:Serge Egelman:David Wagner	In Apple's iOS 6, when an app requires access to a protected resource (e.g., location or photos), the user is prompted with a permission request that she can allow or deny. These permission request dialogs include space for developers to optionally include strings of text to explain to the user why access to the resource is needed. We examine how app developers are using this mechanism and the effect that it has on user behavior. Through an online survey of 772 smartphone users, we show that permission requests that include explanations are significantly more likely to be approved. At the same time, our analysis of 4,400 iOS apps shows that the adoption rate of this feature by developers is relatively small: around 19% of permission requests include developer-specified explanations. Finally, we surveyed 30 iOS developers to better understand why they do or do not use this feature.	The effect of developer-specified explanations for permission requests on smartphone user behavior	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Sameer Patil:Roman Schlegel:Apu Kapadia:Adam J. Lee	Owing to the ever-expanding size of social and professional networks, it is becoming cumbersome for individuals to configure information disclosure settings. We used location sharing systems to unpack the nature of discrepancies between a person's disclosure settings and contextual choices. We conducted an experience sampling study (N = 35) to examine various factors contributing to such divergence. We found that immediate feedback about disclosures without any ability to control the disclosures evoked feelings of oversharing. Moreover, deviation from specified settings did not always signal privacy violation; it was just as likely that settings prevented information disclosure considered permissible in situ. We suggest making feedback more actionable or delaying it sufficiently to avoid a knee-jerk reaction. Our findings also make the case for proactive techniques for detecting potential mismatches and recommending adjustments to disclosure settings, as well as selective control when sharing location with socially distant recipients and visiting atypical locations.	Reflection or action?: how feedback and control affect location sharing decisions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Bo Zhang:Mu Wu:Hyunjin Kang:Eun Go:S. Shyam Sundar	In order to address the increased privacy and security concerns raised by mobile communications, designers of mobile applications and websites have come up with a variety of warnings and appeals. While some interstitials warn about potential risk to personal information due to an untrusted security certificate, others attempt to take users' minds away from privacy concerns by making tempting, time-sensitive offers. How effective are they? We conducted an online experiment (N = 220) to find out. Our data show that both these strategies raise red flags for users - appeals to instant gratification make users more leery of the site and warnings make them perceive greater threat to personal data. Yet, users tend to reveal more information about their social media accounts when warned about an insecure site. This is probably because users process these interstitials based on cognitive heuristics triggered by them. These findings hold important implications for the design of cues in mobile interfaces.	Effects of security warnings and instant gratification cues on attitudes toward mobile websites	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
N. Sadat Shami:Jeffrey Nichols:Jilin Chen	The use of social media at work is gaining traction, and there is evidence to suggest that various benefits accrue from its use. Yet the relationship between using social media at work and employee performance is not clear. Through a study of 75,747 employees of a large global company over the course of 3 years, we find that some social media usage (number of forum posts, forum post length, and status update length) was positively associated with performance ratings. This study is one of the first to show the relationship among different forms of social media use and employee performance ratings.	Social media participation and performance at work: a longitudinal study	NA:NA:NA	2014
Mark Rouncefield	NA	Session details: Coordination and collaboration	NA	2014
Richard P. Schuler:Sukeshini A. Grandhi:Julia M. Mayer:Stephen T. Ricken:Quentin Jones	This paper explores how the adoption of mobile and social computing technologies has impacted upon the way in which we coordinate social group-activities. We present a diary study of 36 individuals that provides an overview of how group coordination is currently performed as well as the challenges people face. Our findings highlight that people primarily use open-channel communication tools (e.g., text messaging, phone calls, email) to coordinate because the alternatives are seen as either disrupting or curbing to the natural conversational processes. Yet the use of open-channel tools often results in conversational overload and a significant disparity of work between coordinating individuals. This in turn often leads to a sense of frustration and confusion about coordination details. We discuss how the findings argue for a significant shift in our thinking about the design of coordination support systems.	The doing of doing stuff: understanding the coordination of social group-activities	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Nitesh Goyal:Gilly Leshed:Dan Cosley:Susan R. Fussell	When crime analysts collaborate to solve crime cases, they need to share insights in order to connect the clues, identify a pattern, and attribute the crime to the right culprit. We designed a collaborative analysis tool to explore the value of implicitly sharing insights and notes, without requiring analysts to explicitly push information or request it from each other. In an experiment, pairs of remote individuals played the role of crime analysts solving a set of serial killer crimes with both partners having some, but not all, relevant clues. When implicit sharing of notes was available, participants remembered more clues related to detecting the serial killer, and they perceived the tool as more useful compared to when implicit sharing was not available.	Effects of implicit sharing in collaborative analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Paul André:Robert E. Kraut:Aniket Kittur	Distributed online groups have great potential for generating interdependent and complex products like encyclopedia articles or product design. However, coordinating multiple group members to work together effectively while minimizing process losses remains an open challenge. We conducted an experiment comparing the effectiveness of two coordination strategies (simultaneous vs. sequential work) on a complex creative task as the number of group members increased. Our results indicate that, contrary to prior work, a sequential work structure was more effective than a simultaneous work structure as the size of the group increased. A mediation analysis suggests that social processes such as territoriality partially accounts for these results. A follow up experiment giving workers specific roles mitigated the detrimental effects of the simultaneous work structure. These results have implications for small group theory and crowdsourcing research.	Effects of simultaneous and sequential work structures on distributed collaborative interdependent tasks	NA:NA:NA	2014
Allison Woodruff	In this paper, we report on a qualitative study of how users manage their reputation online. We focus particularly on people who are bothered by content online about themselves and how they manage reputation damage and repair. We describe how users view reputation management chores as necessary but unpleasant, and how they feel disempowered to repair their online reputation. Participants were unable to identify feasible repair mechanisms and ultimately failed to resolve their problems. Given the current state of dysfunction indicated by our findings, we advocate for increased HCI research attention to this area.	Necessary, unpleasant, and disempowering: reputation management in the internet age	NA	2014
Yang Li	NA	Session details: Watches and small devices	NA	2014
Xiang 'Anthony' Chen:Tovi Grossman:Daniel J. Wigdor:George Fitzmaurice	The emergence of smart devices (e.g., smart watches and smart eyewear) is redefining mobile interaction from the solo performance of a smart phone, to a symphony of multiple devices. In this paper, we present Duet -- an interactive system that explores a design space of interactions between a smart phone and a smart watch. Based on the devices' spatial configurations, Duet coordinates their motion and touch input, and extends their visual and tactile output to one another. This transforms the watch into an active element that enhances a wide range of phone-based interactive tasks, and enables a new class of multi-device gestures and sensing techniques. A technical evaluation shows the accuracy of these gestures and sensing techniques, and a subjective study on Duet provides insights, observations, and guidance for future work.	Duet: exploring joint interactions on a smart phone and a smart watch	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Ian Oakley:Doyoung Lee	The touch screen interaction paradigm, currently dominant in mobile devices, begins to fail when very small systems are considered. Specifically, "fat fingers", a term referring to the fact that users' extremities physically obstruct their view of screen content and feedback, become particularly problematic. This paper presents a novel solution for this issue based on sensing touches to the perpendicular edges of a device featuring a front-mounted screen. The use of such offset contact points ensures that both a user's fingers and the device screen remain clearly in view throughout a targeting operation. The configuration also supports a range of novel interaction scenarios based on the touch, grip and grasp patterns it affords. To explore the viability of this concept, this paper describes EdgeTouch, a small (6 cm) hardware prototype instantiating this multi-touch functionality. User studies characterizing targeting performance, typical user grasps and exploring input affordances are presented. The results show that targets of 7.5-22.5 degrees in angular size are acquired in 1.25-1.75 seconds and with accuracy rates of 3%-18%, promising results considering the small form factor of the device. Furthermore, grasps made with between two and five fingers are robustly identifiable. Finally, we characterize the types of input users envisage performing with EdgeTouch, and report occurrence rates for key interactions such as taps, holds, strokes and multi-touch and compound input. The paper concludes with a discussion of the interaction scenarios enabled by offset sensing.	Interaction on the edge: offset sensing for small devices	NA:NA	2014
Martin Weigel:Vikram Mehta:Jürgen Steimle	This paper contributes results from an empirical study of on-skin input, an emerging technique for controlling mobile devices. Skin is fundamentally different from off-body touch surfaces, opening up a new and largely unexplored interaction space. We investigate characteristics of the various skin-specific input modalities, analyze what kinds of gestures are performed on skin, and study what are preferred input locations. Our main findings show that (1) users intuitively leverage the properties of skin for a wide range of more expressive commands than on conventional touch surfaces; (2) established multi-touch gestures can be transferred to on-skin input; (3) physically uncomfortable modalities are deliberately used for irreversible commands and expressing negative emotions; and (4) the forearm and the hand are the most preferred locations on the upper limb for on-skin input. We detail on users' mental models and contribute a first consolidated set of on-skin gestures. Our findings provide guidance for developers of future sensors as well as for designers of future applications of on-skin input.	More than touch: understanding how people use skin as an input surface for mobile computing	NA:NA:NA	2014
Da-Yuan Huang:Ming-Chang Tsai:Ying-Chao Tung:Min-Lun Tsai:Yen-Ting Yeh:Liwei Chan:Yi-Ping Hung:Mike Y. Chen	We present TouchSense, which provides additional touchscreen input vocabulary by distinguishing the areas of users' finger pads contacting the touchscreen. It requires minimal touch input area and minimal movement, making it especially ideal for wearable devices such as smart watches and smart glasses. For example, users of a calculator application on a smart watch could tap normally to enter numbers, and tap with the right side of their fingers to enter the operators (e.g. , -, =). Results from two human-factor studies showed that users could tap a touchscreen with five or more distinct areas of their finger pads. Also, they were able to tap with more distinct areas closer to their fingertips. We developed a TouchSense smart watch prototype using inertial measurement sensors, and developed two example applications: a calculator and a text editor. We also collected user feedback via an explorative study.	TouchSense: expanding touchscreen input vocabulary using different areas of users' finger pads	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Robert Xiao:Gierad Laput:Chris Harrison	Smartwatches promise to bring enhanced convenience to common communication, creation and information retrieval tasks. Due to their prominent placement on the wrist, they must be small and otherwise unobtrusive, which limits the sophistication of interactions we can perform. This problem is particularly acute if the smartwatch relies on a touchscreen for input, as the display is small and our fingers are relatively large. In this work, we propose a complementary input approach: using the watch face as a multi-degree-of-freedom, mechanical interface. We developed a proof of concept smartwatch that supports continuous 2D panning and twist, as well as binary tilt and click. To illustrate the potential of our approach, we developed a series of example applications, many of which are cumbersome -- or even impossible -- on today's smartwatch devices.	Expanding the input expressivity of smartwatches with mechanical pan, twist, tilt and click	NA:NA:NA	2014
Mark Hancock	NA	Session details: The third dimension	NA	2014
Klen Čopič Pucihar:Paul Coulton:Jason Alexander	The magic lens paradigm, a commonly used descriptor for handheld Augmented Reality (AR), presents the user with dual views: the augmented view (magic lens) that appears on the device, and the real view of the surroundings (what the user can see around the perimeter of the device). The augmented view is typically implemented by rendering the video captured by the rear-facing camera directly onto the device's screen. This results in dual perspectives - the real world being captured from the device's perspective rather than the user's perspective (what an observer would see looking through a transparent glass pane). These differences manifest themselves in misaligned and/or incorrectly scaled transparency resulting in the dual-view problem. This paper presents two user studies comparing (a) device-perspective and (b) fixed Point-of-View (POV) user-perspective magic lenses to analyze the effect of the dual-view problem on the use of the surrounding visual context. The results confirm that the dual-view problem, a result of dual perspective, has a significant effect on the use of information from the surrounding visual context. The study also highlights that magnification and not the dual-view problem is the key factor explaining the correlation between magic lens size and the increased intensity of the magic lens type effect. From the results, we derive design guidelines for future magic lenses.	The use of surrounding visual context in handheld AR: device vs. user perspective rendering	NA:NA:NA	2014
Jonas Schild:Joseph J. LaViola, Jr.:Maic Masuch	We explore the potential of stereoscopic 3D (S3D) vision in offering distinct gameplay using an S3D-specific game called Deepress3D. Our game utilizes established S3D design principles for optimizing GUI design, visual comfort and game mechanics which rely on depth perception in time-pressured spatial conflicts. The game collects detailed S3D player metrics and allows players to choose between different, evenly matched strategies. We conducted a between subjects study comparing S3D and monoscopic versions of Deepress3D that examined player behavior and performance and measured user-reported data on presence, simulator sickness, and game experience. Confirming previous results, stereo users reported higher spatial presence. More importantly, for the first time, our game metrics indicate that S3D vision can measurably change player behavior depending on actual game content and level design, without necessarily affecting performance or emotional experience. These findings indicate the potential for optimizing applications for stereo users distinguishing them as a distinct group in HCI research.	Altering gameplay behavior using stereoscopic 3D vision-based video game design	NA:NA:NA	2014
Michael Mauderer:Simone Conte:Miguel A. Nacenta:Dhanraj Vishwanath	Blur in images can create the sensation of depth because it emulates an optical property of the eye; namely, the limited depth of field created by the eye's lens. When the human eye looks at an object, this object appears sharp on the retina, but objects at different distances appear blurred. Advances in gaze-tracking technologies enable us to reproduce dynamic depth of field in regular displays, providing an alternative way of conveying depth. In this paper we investigate gaze-contingent depth of field as a method to produce realistic 3D images, and analyze how effectively people can use it to perceive depth. We found that GC DOF increases subjective perceived realism and depth and can contribute to the perception of ordinal depth and distance between objects, but it is limited in its accuracy.	Depth perception with gaze-contingent depth of field	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Dimitar Valkov:Alexander Giesler:Klaus H. Hinrichs	While touch technology has proven its usability for 2D interaction and has already become a standard input modality for many devices, the challenges to exploit its applicability with stereoscopically rendered content have barely been studied. In this paper we exploit the properties of the visual perception to allow users to touch stereoscopically displayed objects when the input is constrained to a 2D surface. Therefore, we have extended and generalized recent evaluations on the user's ability to discriminate small induced object shifts while reaching out to touch a virtual object, and we propose a practical interaction technique, the attracting shift technique, suitable for numerous application scenarios where shallow depth interaction is sufficient. In addition, our results indicate that slight object shifts during touch interaction make the virtual scene appear perceptually more stable compared to a static scene. As a consequence, applications have to manipulate the virtual objects to make them appear static for the user.	Imperceptible depth shifts for touch interaction with stereoscopic objects	NA:NA:NA	2014
Sriram Subramanian	NA	Session details: Audio interaction	NA	2014
Alexander Travis Adams:Berto Gonzalez:Celine Latulipe	In digital music production, the phrase "in the box" refers to the increasing replacement of extraneous hardware devices with compatible software components. As controls move from hard to soft, we have seen an increase in usability issues for musicians and sound engineers dealing with a large number of temporal inputs and both continuous and discrete controls. We present the SonicExplorer application, which we developed to give users a new interface for exploring and manipulating audio. SonicExplorer leverages users' spatial and color perception to enhance exploration by visualizing the parameter space and providing implicit memory cues. The application also leverages bimanual input to aid in fluid exploration of multidimensional audio parameter spaces, and to minimize the need for switching between parameters.	SonicExplorer: fluid exploration of audio parameters	NA:NA:NA	2014
Jörg Müller:Matthias Geier:Christina Dicke:Sascha Spors	In this paper we present a system that allows to "touch", grab and manipulate sounds in mid-air. Further, arbitrary objects can seem to emit sound. We use spatial sound reproduction for sound rendering and computer vision for tracking. Using our approach, sounds can be heard from anywhere in the room and always appear to originate from the same (possibly moving) position, regardless of the listener's position. We demonstrate that direct "touch" interaction with sound is an interesting alternative to indirect interaction mediated through controllers or visual interfaces. We show that sound localization is surprisingly accurate (11.5 cm), even in the presence of distractors. We propose to leverage the ventriloquist effect to further increase localization accuracy. Finally, we demonstrate how affordances of real objects can create synergies of auditory and visual feedback. As an application of the system, we built a spatial music mixing room.	The boomRoom: mid-air direct interaction with virtual sound sources	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Nicholas J. Bryan:Gautham J. Mysore:Ge Wang	Traditional audio editing tools do not facilitate the task of separating a single mixture recording (e.g. pop song) into its respective sources (e.g. drums, vocal, etc.). Such ability, however, would be very useful for a wide variety of audio applications such as music remixing, audio denoising, and audio-based forensics. To address this issue, we present ISSE - an interactive source separation editor. ISSE is a new open-source, freely available, and cross-platform audio editing tool that enables a user to perform source separation by painting on time-frequency visualizations of sound, resulting in an interactive machine learning system. The system brings to life our previously proposed interaction paradigm and separation algorithm that learns from user-feedback to perform separation. For evaluation, we conducted user studies and compared results between inexperienced and expert users. For a variety of real-world tasks, we found that inexperienced users can achieve good separation quality with minimal instruction and expert users can achieve state-of-the-art separation quality.	ISSE: an interactive source separation editor	NA:NA:NA	2014
Georgios Marentakis:Rudolfs Liepins	Listening and interacting with audio commonly relies on using earphones which limit the ability of users to perceive their auditory environment. Earphone sets that integrate miniature microphones on their exterior can, however, be used to hear-through the auditory environment. We present an evaluation study in which sound localization when wearing such a hear-through system is compared to normal earphones, open headphones and unblocked ears. Although localization performance is improved compared to open headphones, we find that it is compromised in comparison to listening without earphones because confusions of sound direction increase and localization judgment distributions are more dispersed and show a weaker correlation to the test directions. The implications of the results to human computer interaction and possible improvements to hear-through system design are discussed.	Evaluation of hear-through sound localization	NA:NA	2014
Mike Hazas	NA	Session details: Sustainability and everyday practices	NA	2014
Maria Normark:Jakob Tholander	The EcoFriends application was developed as an attempt to support grocery shopping adjusted to vegetables? seasonality through a performative approach to interaction and interactive applications. The design aimed at critical reflection and inspiration among users, rather than achieving a certain kind of persuasion. This guided the practical design to be modelled around open-endedness and social voices to challenge ideas and points of view. We argue that research addressing design for interactions about value-laden concepts such as sustainable action need to find ways of supporting various knowledge discourses, by distinguishing between performative and representational technologies. The approach allowed us to identify a number of design challenges regarding interactive technology and interaction design in relation to aspects of knowledge and truth, trust, negotiation and responsibility.	Performativity in sustainable interaction: the case of seasonal grocery shopping in ecofriends	NA:NA	2014
Rogerio de Paula	NA	Session details: Studying online communities	NA	2014
Haiyi Zhu:Robert E. Kraut:Aniket Kittur	If the people belong to multiple online communities, their joint membership can influence the survival of each of the communities to which they belong. Communities with many joint memberships may struggle to get enough of their members' time and attention, but find it easy to import best practices from other communities. In this paper, we study the effects of membership overlap on the survival of online communities. By analyzing the historical data of 5673 Wikia communities, we find that higher levels of membership overlap are positively associated with higher survival rates of online communities. Furthermore, we find that it is beneficial for young communities to have shared members who play a central role in other mature communities. Our contributions are two-fold. Theoretically, by examining the impact of membership overlap on the survival of online communities we identified an important mechanism underlying the success of online communities. Practically, our findings may guide community creators on how to effectively manage their members, and tool designers on how to support this task.	The impact of membership overlap on the survival of online communities	NA:NA:NA	2014
Tara Matthews:Jilin Chen:Steve Whittaker:Aditya Pal:Haiyi Zhu:Hernan Badenes:Barton Smith	Online communities are successful only if they achieve their goals, but there has been little direct study of goals. We analyze novel data characterizing the goals of enterprise online communities, assessing the importance of goals for leaders, how goals influence member perceptions of community value, and how goals relate to success measures proposed in the literature. We find that most communities have multiple goals and common goals are learning, reuse of resources, collaboration, networking, influencing change, and innovation. Leaders and members agree that all of these goals are important, but their perceptions of success on goals do not align with each other, or with commonly used behavioral success measures. We conclude that simple behavioral measures and leader perceptions are not good success metrics, and propose alternatives based on specific goals members and leaders judge most important.	Goals and perceived success of online enterprise communities: what is important to leaders & members?	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Haiyi Zhu:Jilin Chen:Tara Matthews:Aditya Pal:Hernan Badenes:Robert E. Kraut	Online communities serve various important functions, but many fail to thrive. Research on community success has traditionally focused on internal factors. In contrast, we take an ecological view to understand how the success of a community is influenced by other communities. We measured a community's relationship with other communities - its "niche" - through four dimensions: topic overlap, shared members, content linking, and shared offline organizational affiliation. We used a mixed-method approach, combining the quantitative analysis of 9495 online enterprise communities and interviews with community members. Our results show that too little or too much overlap in topic with other communities causes a community's activity to suffer. We also show that this main result is moderated in predictable ways by whether the community shares members with, links to content in, or shares an organizational affiliation with other communities. These findings provide new insight on community success, guiding online community designers on how to effectively position their community in relation to others.	Selecting an effective niche: an ecological view of the success of online communities	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Aaron Halfaker:R. Stuart Geiger:Loren G. Terveen	Wikipedia, the encyclopedia "anyone can edit", has become increasingly less so. Recent academic research and popular discourse illustrates the often aggressive ways newcomers are treated by veteran Wikipedians. These are complex sociotechnical issues, bound up in infrastructures based on problematic ideologies. In response, we worked with a coalition of Wikipedians to design, develop, and deploy Snuggle, a new user interface that served two critical functions: making the work of newcomer socialization more effective, and bringing visibility to instances in which Wikipedians? current practice of gatekeeping socialization breaks down. Snuggle supports positive socialization by helping mentors quickly find newcomers whose good-faith mistakes were reverted as damage. Snuggle also supports ideological critique and reflection by bringing visibility to the consequences of viewing newcomers through a lens of suspiciousness.	Snuggle: designing for efficient socialization and ideological critique	NA:NA:NA	2014
Tomer Moscovich	NA	Session details: Image and animation authoring	NA	2014
Makoto Nakajima:Daisuke Sakamoto:Takeo Igarashi	We present an animation creation workflow for integrating offline physical, painted media into the digital authoring of Flash-style animations. Generally, animators create animations with standardized digital authoring software. However, the results tend to lack the individualism or atmosphere of physical media. In contrast, illustrators have skills in painting physical media but have limited experience in animation. To incorporate their skills, we present a workflow that integrates the offline painting and digital animation creation processes in a labor-saving manner. First, a user makes a rough sketch of the visual elements and defines their movements using our digital authoring software with a sketch interface. Then these images are exported to printed pages, and users can paint using offline physical media. Finally, the work is scanned and imported back into the digital content, forming a composite animation that combines digital and physical media. We present an implementation of this system to demonstrate its workflow. We also discuss the advantages of using physical media in digital animations through design evaluations.	Offline painted media for digital animation authoring	NA:NA:NA	2014
Nicolas Mangano:Thomas D. LaToza:Marian Petre:André van der Hoek	Whiteboards serve an important role in supporting informal design, providing a fluid and flexible medium for collaborative design. Interactive whiteboards offer the potential for enhanced support for manipulating content, managing sketches, and distributed work, but little is known about how this support affects the practice of informal design. To understand the opportunities and challenges, we first conducted a literature review, identifying 14 behaviors that occur during informal design. We then designed an interactive whiteboard system to support all of these behaviors and deployed the system to three groups of designers. Through usage logs and interviews, we examined the effects of interactivity on whiteboard use across a wide spectrum of design behaviors, identifying ways in which interactive whiteboards support the practices used in physical whiteboards and where they enable designers to work more effectively.	Supporting informal design with interactive whiteboards	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
William Benjamin:Senthil Chandrasegaran:Devarajan Ramanujan:Niklas Elmqvist:SVN Vishwanathan:Karthik Ramani	Juxtapoze is a clipart composition workflow that supports creative expression and serendipitous discoveries in the shape domain. We achieve creative expression by supporting a workflow of searching, editing, and composing: the user queries the shape database using strokes, selects the desired search result, and finally modifies the selected image before composing it into the overall drawing. Serendipitous discovery of shapes is facilitated by allowing multiple exploration channels, such as doodles, shape filtering, and relaxed search. Results from a qualitative evaluation show that Juxtapoze makes the process of creating image compositions enjoyable and supports creative expression and serendipity.	Juxtapoze: supporting serendipity and creative expression in clipart compositions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Rubaiat Habib Kazi:Fanny Chevalier:Tovi Grossman:Shengdong Zhao:George Fitzmaurice	We present Draco, a sketch-based interface that allows artists and casual users alike to add a rich set of animation effects to their drawings, seemingly bringing illustrations to life. While previous systems have introduced sketch-based animations for individual objects, our contribution is a unified framework of motion controls that allows users to seamlessly add coordinated motions to object collections. We propose a framework built around kinetic textures, which provide continuous animation effects while preserving the unique timeless nature of still illustrations. This enables many dynamic effects difficult or not possible with previous sketch-based tools, such as a school of fish swimming, tree leaves blowing in the wind, or water rippling in a pond. We describe our implementation and illustrate the repertoire of animation effects it supports. A user study with professional animators and casual users demonstrates the variety of animations, applications and creative possibilities our tool provides.	Draco: bringing life to illustrations with kinetic textures	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Carl Gutwin	NA	Session details: Studying and designing gameplay	NA	2014
Simone Kriglstein:Günter Wallner:Margit Pohl	With the rising interest in multiplayer gaming, gameplay statistics have become an increasingly important aspect of the overall game experience for many players. As a part of this trend, visualizations have gained great popularity among players, in particular heatmaps since they allow them to reenact the course of a game and to develop new strategies. In this paper we report results of a user study conducted with 29 players (i) to investigate how players use heatmaps and two further graphical representations that use clustering algorithms to interpret gameplay and (ii) to assess the three representations in regard to time efficiency, correctness, suitability, and player preference. Our results show that heatmaps were mainly used to detect hot spots while the cluster representations proved useful to compare variables, allowing the players to uncover relationships between them and in turn allowing a deeper insight into the gameplay data.	A user study of different gameplay visualizations	NA:NA:NA	2014
Paul Cairns:Jing Li:Wendy Wang:A. Imran Nordin	The controls for digital games understandably have an important part in building up the gaming experiences that people have. Whilst there is substantial work on innovative controllers for consoles, like the XBox Kinect, relatively little has been done to understand the effect of the different control mechanisms that can be used to play games on mobile devices like smartphones. A well-defined framework of naturalness has emerged as potentially useful concept in area of game controllers. This paper reports two experiments that look at how the naturalness of the game controls influences the experience of immersion in mobile games. It seems that where there is an a prior natural mapping, this will improve immersion in the game but in the absence of a prior mapping, naturalness alone is not sufficient to account for immersion. This opens up the need for a more thorough investigation of this area.	The influence of controllers on immersion in mobile games	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Chek Tien Tan:Tuck Wah Leong:Songjia Shen	Think-aloud protocols are commonly used to evaluate player experiences of video games but suffer from a lack of objectivity and timeliness. On the other hand, quantitative captures of physiological data are effective; providing detailed, unbiased and continuous responses of players, but lack contexts for interpretation. This paper documents how both approaches could be used together in practice by comparing video-cued retrospective think-aloud data and physiological data collected during a video gameplay experiment. We observed that many interesting physiological responses did not feature in participants' think-aloud data, and conversely, reports of interesting experiences were sometimes not observed in the collected physiological data. Through learnings from our experiment, we present some of the challenges when combining these approaches and offer some guidelines as to how qualitative and quantitative data can be used together to gain deeper insights into player experiences.	Combining think-aloud and physiological data to understand video game experiences	NA:NA:NA	2014
Wooi Boon Goh:Ming Chen:Cuong Hong Trinh:Jacquelyn Tan:Wei Shou	A novel Mine-Ours-Yours (MOY) interaction design framework is proposed for designing collaborative play activities in environments that combine both private and shared interactive spaces. A collaborative game designed on a system that integrates multiple mobile devices with an interactive tabletop was presented to demonstrate the implementation of the proposed MOY framework. Observations from field trials involving two groups of children were used to summarize the collaborative behaviors that are likely to be observed under the different interaction design configurations.	The MOY framework for collaborative play design in integrated shared and private interactive spaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Ian Oakley	NA	Session details: Force input and haptic feedback	NA	2014
Ross McLachlan:Daniel Boland:Stephen Brewster	A novel investigation of pressure input is presented where it is characterised as a transient modality, one that has a natural inverse, bounce-back and a state that only persists during interaction. Three empirical studies are described that evaluate pressure for use as a non-dominant hand input modality, where the ability to target and maintain pressure while simultaneously performing a dominant-hand targeting task is investigated. Pressure accuracy was high (93%) and the impact on dominant-hand targeting was low. Mean pressure accuracy when selecting targets by releasing pressure was also high (89%) as was selecting targets by applying pressure from a non-zero starting point (94.4%). The ability to accurately maintain pressure over time was better with larger target pressures. Example applications and design guidelines are presented that enable designers to exploit the transient properties of pressure input in interaction design.	Transient and transitional states: pressure as an auxiliary input modality for bimanual interaction	NA:NA:NA	2014
Taku Hachisu:Masaaki Fukumoto	We present VacuumTouch, a novel haptic interface architecture for touch screens that provides attractive force feedback to the user's finger. VacuumTouch consists of an air pump and solenoid air valves that connect to the surface of the touch screen and suck the air above the surface where the user's finger makes contact. VacuumTouch does not require the user to hold or attach additional devices to provide the attractive force, which allows for easy interaction with the surface. This paper introduces the implementation of the VacuumTouch architecture and some applications for enhancement of the graphical user interface, namely a suction button, a suction slider, and a suction dial. The quantitative evaluation was conducted with the suction dial and showed that the attractive force provided by VacuumTouch improved the performance of the dial menu interface and its potential effects. At the end of this paper, we discuss the current prototype's advantages and limitations, as well as possible improvements and potential capabilities.	VacuumTouch: attractive force feedback interface for haptic interactive surface using air suction	NA:NA	2014
Esben Warming Pedersen:Kasper Hornbæk	This paper investigates users' ability to perform force-sensitive tapping and explores its potential as an input modality in touch-based systems. We study force-sensitive tapping using Expressive Touch, a tabletop interface that infers tapping force from the sound waves created by the users' finger upon impact. The first part of the paper describes the implementation details of Expressive Touch and shows how existing tabletop interfaces can be augmented to reliably detect tapping force across the entire surface. The second part of the paper reports on the results of three studies of force-sensitive tapping. First, we use a classic psychophysic task to gain insights into participants' perception of tapping force (Study 1). Results show that although participants tap with different absolute tapping forces, they have a similar perception of relative tapping force. Second, we investigate participants' ability to control tapping force (Study 2) and find that users can produce two force levels with 99% accuracy. For six levels of force, accuracy drops to 58%. Third, we investigate the usability of force tapping by studying participants' reactions to seven force-sensitive touch applications (Study 3).	Expressive touch: studying tapping force on tabletops	NA:NA	2014
Christian Rendl:Patrick Greindl:Kathrin Probst:Martin Behrens:Michael Haller	In this paper, we present Presstures, an extension to current multi-touch operations that enriches common multi-finger gestures with pressure information. By using the initially applied pressure level for implicit mode switching, a gesture can be enhanced with different functionalities to enlarge the interaction space for multi-touch. To evaluate the feasibility of our concept, we conducted an experiment, which indicates good human sensorimotor skills for performing multi-touch gestures with a few number of pressure levels and without any additional feedback. Based on the experimental results, we discuss implications for the design of pressure-sensitive multi-touch gestures, and propose application scenarios that make optimal use of our concept.	Presstures: exploring pressure-sensitive multi-touch gestures on trackpads	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jari Kangas:Deepak Akkil:Jussi Rantala:Poika Isokoski:Päivi Majaranta:Roope Raisamo	Anticipating the emergence of gaze tracking capable mobile devices, we are investigating the use of gaze as an input modality in handheld mobile devices. We conducted a study of combining gaze gestures with vibrotactile feedback. Gaze gestures were used as an input method in a mobile device and vibrotactile feedback as a new alternative way to give confirmation of interaction events. Our results show that vibrotactile feedback significantly improved the use of gaze gestures. The tasks were completed faster and rated easier and more comfortable when vibrotactile feedback was provided.	Gaze gestures and haptic feedback in mobile devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Manfred Tscheligi	NA	Session details: Hackerspaces, making and breaking	NA	2014
Silvia Lindtner:Garnet D. Hertz:Paul Dourish	In this paper, we discuss how a flourishing scene of DIY makers is turning visions of tangible and ubiquitous computing into products. Drawing on long-term multi-sited ethnographic research and active participation in DIY making, we provide insights into the social, material, and economic processes that undergird this transition from prototypes to products. The contribution of this paper is three-fold. First, we show how DIY maker practice is illustrative of a broader "return to" and interest in physical materials. This has implications for HCI research that investigates questions of materiality. Second, we shed light on how hackerspaces and hardware start-ups are experimenting with new models of manufacturing and entrepreneurship. We argue that we have to take seriously these maker practices, not just as hobbyist or leisure practice, but as a professionalizing field functioning in parallel to research and industry labs. Finally, we end with reflections on the role of HCI researchers and designers as DIY making emerges as a site of HCI innovation. We argue that HCI is positioned to provide critical reflection, paired with a sensibility for materials, tools and design methods.	Emerging sites of HCI innovation: hackerspaces, hardware startups & incubators	NA:NA:NA	2014
Steven J. Jackson:Laewoo Kang	This paper describes an integrated program of theoretical, ethnographic, and building work meant to explore post-humanist alternatives to questions around HCI creativity and design. We review recent theories in the humanities, social sciences, and HCI that argue for different ways of framing the relationship between human agents and the object world around them. We then describe a program of ethnographic work with artists who feature found and broken technologies as central methods and topics of work. Finally, we describe an installation and self-study project of our own, 'Scale,' that extends these lines of analysis through collaborative acts of building with broken and discarded technologies. We argue that such integrated programs of work offer one useful model for leveraging the theoretical, ethnographic and material dimensions of HCI work; and that the distinct 'propensities' of found and broken objects can challenge and extend HCI notions of creativity and design itself.	Breakdown, obsolescence and reuse: HCI and the art of repair	NA:NA	2014
Scott E. Hudson	This paper considers the design, construction, and example use of a new type of 3D printer which fabricates three-dimensional objects from soft fibers (wool and wool blend yarn). This printer allows the substantial advantages of additive manufacturing techniques (including rapid turn-around prototyping of physical objects and support for high levels of customization and configuration) to be employed with a new class of material. This material is a form of loose felt formed when fibers from an incoming feed of yarn are entangled with the fibers in layers below it. The resulting objects recreate the geometric forms specified in the solid models which specify them, but are soft and flexible -- somewhat reminiscent in character to hand knitted materials. This extends 3D printing from typically hard and precise forms into a new set of forms which embody a different aesthetic of soft and imprecise objects, and provides a new capability for researchers to explore the use of this class of materials in interactive devices.	Printing teddy bears: a technique for 3D printing of soft interactive objects	NA	2014
Martin Murer:Mattias Jacobsson:Siri Skillgate:Petra Sundström	In this note we discuss and argue about how taking things apart and disassembling can be meaningful practices in explorative design projects. In particular, we report on an explorative design exercise about taking apart an unfamiliar device. Relating to this design situation, we provide accounts for how collaborative hands-on experience can support reaching common ground and acquiring shared material understanding in an interdisciplinary design team through establishing a material brief. In the end we reflect and discuss how this may complement our practices regarding materials and interaction design.	Taking things apart: reaching common ground and shared material understanding	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jeffrey Bardzell:Shaowen Bardzell:Austin Toombs	Cultures of making - that is, social practices of hacking, DIY, tinkering, repair, and craft - continue to rise in prominence, and design researchers have taken note, because of their implications for sustainability, democratization, and alternative models of innovation, design, participation, and education. We contribute to this agenda by exploring our findings on self-made tools, which we encountered in a 9-month ethnographic study of a hackerspace. Self-made tools embody issues raised in two discourses that are of interest in design research on making: tools and adhocism. In this paper, we explore ways that tools and adhocism interface with each other, using our findings as a material to think with. We find that this juxtaposition of concepts helps explain a highly generative creative practice - tool-making - within the hackerspace we studied.	"now that's definitely a proper hack": self-made tools in hackerspaces	NA:NA:NA	2014
Daniela Busse	NA	Session details: Activity recognition	NA	2014
Jun-Ki Min:Afsaneh Doryab:Jason Wiese:Shahriyar Amini:John Zimmerman:Jason I. Hong	The rapid adoption of smartphones along with a growing habit for using these devices as alarm clocks presents an opportunity to use this device as a sleep detector. This adds value to UbiComp and personal informatics in terms of user context and new performance data to collect and visualize, and it benefits healthcare as sleep is correlated with many health issues. To assess this opportunity, we collected one month of phone sensor and sleep diary entries from 27 people who have a variety of sleep contexts. We used this data to construct models that detect sleep and wake states, daily sleep quality, and global sleep quality. Our system classifies sleep state with 93.06% accuracy, daily sleep quality with 83.97% accuracy, and overall sleep quality with 81.48% accuracy. Individual models performed better than generally trained models, where the individual models require 3 days of ground truth data and 3 weeks of ground truth data to perform well on detecting sleep and sleep quality, respectively. Finally, the features of noise and movement were useful to infer sleep quality.	Toss 'n' turn: smartphone as sleep and sleep quality detector	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Thomas Fritz:Elaine M. Huang:Gail C. Murphy:Thomas Zimmermann	Persuasive technology to motivate healthy behavior is a growing area of research within HCI and ubiquitous computing. The emergence of commercial wearable devices for tracking health- and fitness-related activities arguably represents the first widespread adoption of dedicated ubiquitous persuasive technology. The recent ubiquity of commercial systems allows us to learn about their value and use in truly "in the wild" contexts and understand how practices evolve over long-term, naturalistic use. We present a study with 30 participants who had adopted wearable activity-tracking devices of their own volition and had continued to use them for between 3 and 54 months. The findings, which both support and contrast with those of previous research, paint a picture of the evolving benefits and practices surrounding these emerging technologies over long periods of use. They also serve as the basis for design implications for personal informatics technologies for long-term health and fitness support.	Persuasive technology in the real world: a study of long-term use of activity sensing devices for fitness	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Onur Yürüten:Jiyong Zhang:Pearl H.Z. Pu	In recent years much research work has been dedicated to detecting user activity patterns from sensor data such as location, movement and proximity. However, how daily activities are correlated to people's happiness (such as their satisfaction from work and social lives) is not well explored. In this work, we propose an approach to investigate the relationship between users' daily activity patterns and their life satisfaction level. From a well-known longitudinal dataset collected by mobile devices, we extract various activity features through location and proximity information, and compute the entropies of these data to capture the regularities of the behavioral patterns of the participants. We then perform component analysis and structural equation modeling to identify key behavior contributors to self-reported satisfaction scores. Our results show that our analytical procedure can identify meaningful assumptions of causality between activities and satisfaction. Particularly, keeping regularity in daily activities can significantly improve the life satisfaction.	Predictors of life satisfaction based on daily activities from mobile sensor data	NA:NA:NA	2014
Sarita Yardi Schoenebeck	NA	Session details: Managing income	NA	2014
John Vines:Paul Dunphy:Andrew Monk	This paper reports on a qualitative study of 38 low-income individuals living in the North East of England. The participants' experiences of money, banking and the role digital technology plays in their financial practices were identified through semi-structured interviews in people's homes and group workshops. A grounded theory analysis of these data characterises how technology both helped and hindered participants to keep close control of their finances. These findings suggest design opportunities for future digital banking technologies that extend the already sophisticated practices of individuals managing a low income, focusing on: delaying, prioritising, planning, watching, and hiding monetary transactions.	Pay or delay: the role of technology when managing a low income	NA:NA:NA	2014
Christopher Smith-Clarke:Afra Mashhadi:Licia Capra	Governments and other organisations often rely on data collected by household surveys and censuses to identify areas in most need of regeneration and development projects. However, due to the high cost associated with the data collection process, many developing countries conduct such surveys very infrequently and include only a rather small sample of the population, thus failing to accurately capture the current socio-economic status of the country's population. In this paper, we address this problem by means of a methodology that relies on an alternative source of data from which to derive up to date poverty indicators, at a very fine level of spatio-temporal granularity. Taking two developing countries as examples, we show how to analyse the aggregated call detail records of mobile phone subscribers and extract features that are strongly correlated with poverty indexes currently derived from census data.	Poverty on the cheap: estimating poverty maps using aggregated mobile communication networks	NA:NA:NA	2014
Joseph Jofish Kaye:Mary McCuistion:Rebecca Gulotta:David A. Shamma	How do people keep track of their money? In this paper we present a preliminary scoping study of how 14 individuals in the San Francisco Bay Area earn, save, spend and understand money and their personal and family finances. We describe the practices we developed for exploring the sensitive topic of money, and then discuss three sets of findings. The first is the emotional component of the relationship people have with their finances. Second, we discuss the tools and processes people used to keep track of their financial situation. Finally we discuss how people account for the unknown and unpredictable nature of the future through their financial decisions. We conclude by discussing the future of studies of money and finance in HCI, and reflect on the opportunities for improving tools to aid people in managing and planning their finances.	Money talks: tracking personal finances	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Tawanna R. Dillahunt	Past Information and Communication Technology (ICT) literature suggests that engaging in meaningful activities with ICTs may be related to socio-economic security, social inclusion, empowerment, and increased social capital. However, we identify a pervasive lack of understanding in existing literature, which raises an important research question: how can we build social capital where little social capital exists? We conducted a preliminary study to explore whether and if so, how, individuals in an economically distressed population with limited social capital use technologies to increase social capital and achieve socio-economic security. We contribute details about barriers affecting social capital (e.g., difficulties finding and making the right connections and an overall lack of trust within communities). We also suggest ways in which ICTs can assist populations that could benefit most from increased social capital and economic security.	Fostering social capital in economically distressed communities	NA	2014
Petra Isenberg	NA	Session details: Designing and understanding visualizations	NA	2014
Vidya Setlur:Jock D. Mackinlay	Authors use icon encodings to indicate the semantics of categorical information in visualizations. The default icon libraries found in visualization tools often do not match the semantics of the data. Users often manually search for or create icons that are more semantically meaningful. This process can hinder the flow of visual analysis, especially when the amount of data is large, leading to a suboptimal user experience. We propose a technique for automatically generating semantically relevant icon encodings for categorical dimensions of data points. The algorithm employs natural language processing in order to find relevant imagery from the Internet. We evaluate our approach on Mechanical Turk by generating large libraries of icons using Tableau Public workbooks that represent real analytical effort by people out in the world. Our results show that the automatic algorithm does nearly as well as the manually created icons, and particularly has higher user satisfaction for larger cardinalities of data.	Automatic generation of semantic icon encodings for visualizations	NA:NA	2014
Danielle Albers:Michael Correll:Michael Gleicher	Many visualization tasks require the viewer to make judgments about aggregate properties of data. Recent work has shown that viewers can perform such tasks effectively, for example to efficiently compare the maximums or means over ranges of data. However, this work also shows that such effectiveness depends on the designs of the displays. In this paper, we explore this relationship between aggregation task and visualization design to provide guidance on matching tasks with designs. We combine prior results from perceptual science and graphical perception to suggest a set of design variables that influence performance on various aggregate comparison tasks. We describe how choices in these variables can lead to designs that are matched to particular tasks. We use these variables to assess a set of eight different designs, predicting how they will support a set of six aggregate time series comparison tasks. A crowd-sourced evaluation confirms these predictions. These results not only provide evidence for how the specific visualizations support various tasks, but also suggest using the identified design variables as a tool for designing visualizations well suited for various types of tasks.	Task-driven evaluation of aggregation in time series visualization	NA:NA:NA	2014
Michael Glueck:Azam Khan:Daniel J. Wigdor	We introduce Splash, a framework reducing development overhead for both data curators and visualization developers of client-server visualization systems. Splash streamlines the process of creating a multiple level-of-detail version of the data and facilitates progressive data download, thereby enabling real-time, on-demand navigation with existing visualization toolkits. As a result, system responsiveness is increased and the user experience is improved. We demonstrate the benefit of progressive loading for user interaction on slower networks. Additionally, case study evaluations of Splash with real-world data curators suggest that Splash supports iterative refinement of visualizations and promotes the use of exploratory data analysis.	Dive in!: enabling progressive loading for real-time navigation of data visualizations	NA:NA:NA	2014
Nivan Ferreira:Danyel Fisher:Arnd Christian Konig	We often use datasets that reflect samples, but many visualization tools treat data as full populations. Uncertain visualizations are good at representing data distributions emerging from samples, but are more limited in allowing users to carry out decision tasks. This is because tasks that are simple on a traditional chart (e.g. "compare two bars") become a complex probabilistic task on a chart with uncertainty. We present guidelines for creating visual annotations for solving tasks with uncertainty, and an implementation that addresses five core tasks on a bar chart. A preliminary user study shows promising results: that users have a justified confidence in their answers with our system.	Sample-oriented task-driven visualizations: allowing users to make better, more confident decisions	NA:NA:NA	2014
Michael Muller	NA	Session details: Crowdfunding and crowd storage	NA	2014
Michael D. Greenberg:Elizabeth M. Gerber	Online crowdfunding platforms like Kickstarter are gaining attention among novice creatives as an effective platform for funding their ventures and engaging in creative work with others. However, a focus on financial success of crowdfunding has obscured the fact that over 58% of crowdfunding projects fail to achieve their funding goals. This population of failed creatives however, gives us an audience to study public creative failure in an online environment. We draw inspiration from work in organizational behavior on failure, and work in Human Computer Interaction (HCI) on online behavior, to study online public failure. Using a mixed-methods approach with data scraped from Kickstarter and interview data with failed crowdfunding project creators, we answer the following question: What do project creators on crowdfunding platforms learn and change through the process of failing? We find that creators who relaunch their projects succeed 43% of the time, and that most individuals find failure to be a positive experience. We conclude the paper with a series of design implications for future creative platforms where public failure is part of the creative process.	Learning to fail: experiencing public failure online through crowdfunding	NA:NA	2014
Anbang Xu:Xiao Yang:Huaming Rao:Wai-Tat Fu:Shih-Wen Huang:Brian P. Bailey	Hundreds of thousands of crowdfunding campaigns have been launched, but more than half of them have failed. To better understand the factors affecting campaign outcomes, this paper targets the content and usage patterns of project updates -- communications intended to keep potential funders aware of a campaign's progress. We analyzed the content and usage patterns of a large corpus of project updates on Kickstarter, one of the largest crowdfunding platforms. Using semantic analysis techniques, we derived a taxonomy of the types of project updates created during campaigns, and found discrepancies between the design intent of a project update and the various uses in practice (e.g. social promotion). The analysis also showed that specific uses of updates had stronger associations with campaign success than the project's description. Design implications were formulated from the results to help designers better support various uses of updates in crowdfunding campaigns.	Show me the money!: an analysis of project updates during crowdfunding campaigns	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jeffrey P. Bigham:Walter S. Lasecki	This paper introduces the concept of crowd storage, the idea that digital files can be stored and retrieved later from the memories of people in the crowd. Similar to human memory, crowd storage is ephemeral, which means that storage is temporary and the quality of the stored information degrades over time. Crowd storage may be preferred over storing information directly in the cloud, or when it is desirable for information to degrade inline with normal human memories. To explore and validate this idea, we created WeStore, a system that stores and then later retrieves digital files in the existing memories of crowd workers. WeStore does not store information directly, but rather encrypts the files using details of the existing memories elicited from individuals within the crowd as cryptographic keys. The fidelity of the retrieved information is tied to how well the crowd remembers the details of the memories they provided. We demonstrate that crowd storage is feasible using an existing crowd marketplace (Amazon Mechanical Turk), explore design considerations important for building systems that use crowd storage, and outline ideas for future research in this area.	Crowd storage: storing information on existing memories	NA:NA	2014
Yuichiro Takeuchi	NA	Session details: Novel approaches to navigation	NA	2014
Adrian Hazzard:Steve Benford:Gary Burnett	Musical soundtracks will be important features of future locative experiences from tours to games. We present a study designed to uncover potential relationships between higher-level musical structures such as harmony, melody, timbre, dynamic intensity and punctuation and users' spatial experiences. We observed twenty-two participants exploring an open field while listening to four contrasting musical compositions, and then interviewed them afterwards. We report their different approaches to interpreting the music, strategies for mapping zones, choice of stopping destinations, and their awareness and appreciation of the music. Our discussion of these findings in relation to the literature leads us to propose six initial principles to guide the composition of mobile and locative soundtracks, and also to articulate a three-layer framework of global, regional and local attachment to help guide the attachment of musical features to different regions within a locative experience.	Walk this way: musically guided walking experiences	NA:NA:NA	2014
Florian Heller:Aaron Krämer:Jan Borchers	Audio augmented reality systems overlay the physical world with a virtual audio space. Today's smartphones provide enough processing power to create the impression of virtual sound sources being located in the real world. To achieve this, information about the user's location and orientation is necessary which requires additional hardware. In a real-world installation, however, we observed that instead of turning their head to localize sounds, users tend to turn their entire body. Therefore, we suggest to simply measure orientation of the user's body - or even just the mobile device she is holding - to generate the spatial audio. To verify this approach, we present two studies: Our first study in examines the user's head, body, and mobile device orientation when moving through an audio augmented reality system in a lab setting. Our second study analyzes the user experience in a real-world installation when using head, body, or device orientation to control the audio spatialization. We found that when navigating close to sound sources head tracking is necessary, but that it can potentially be replaced by device tracking in larger or more explorative usage scenarios. These findings help reduce the technical complexity of mobile audio augmented reality systems (MAARS), and enable their wider dissemination as mobile software-only apps.	Simplifying orientation measurement for mobile audio augmented reality applications	NA:NA:NA	2014
Lesley Fosh:Steve Benford:Stuart Reeves:Boriana Koleva	The designers of mobile guides for museums and galleries face three major challenges: fostering rich interpretation, delivering deep personalization, and enabling a coherent social visit. We propose an approach to tackling all three simultaneously by inviting visitors to design an interpretation that is specifically tailored for a friend or loved one that they then experience together. We describe a trial of this approach at a contemporary art gallery, revealing how visitors designed personal and sometimes provocative experiences for people they knew well. We reveal how pairs of visitors negotiated these experiences together, showing how our approach could deliver intense experiences for both, but also required them to manage social risk. By interpreting our findings through the lens of 'gift giving' we shed new light on ongoing explorations of interpretation, personalization and social visiting within HCI.	Gifting personal interpretations in galleries	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Leonard Wein	In this paper, visual recognition (VisRec) is evaluated as a method to access background information on artworks in mobile museum guide applications (apps) by means of a field experiment. While museums and previous research have explored technical aspects, it is unclear whether visitors actually want to use VisRec. A prototype featuring VisRec, QR codes and number codes was developed and assessed with a usability study in two museums (N=89). The prototype confirms the efficacy of the recently introduced ORB-algorithm for VisRec. Compared to previous literature, the results highlight the context-dependency of perceived usability and variability in the importance of usability factors. The results reveal a clear preference for VisRec among participants (53%); only 14% preferred QR codes. Ease of use, enjoyability and distance are identified as the main factors. This provides strong evidence to further explore the potential of VisRec to improve visitors' museum experiences.	Visual recognition in museum guide apps: do visitors want it?	NA	2014
Simon Robinson:Jennifer S. Pearson:Matt Jones	Barcodes are all around us--on books, groceries and other products--but these everyday markers are typically used for a single focused purpose. In this paper we explore the concept of "piggybacking" on ubiquitous markers to facilitate indoor navigation. Our initial probe--BookMark--allows library visitors to scan any nearby book to provide a custom map to the location of a desired item. In contrast to previous indoor navigation systems, our approach repurposes existing markers on physical items that are already in the navigation space, meaning that no additional infrastructure is required. We evaluated the BookMark probe in a large university library, showing its potential with real library users. In addition, we illustrate how the general technique shows further potential in other similar barcode-rich environments.	A billion signposts: repurposing barcodes for indoor navigation	NA:NA:NA	2014
Jesper Kjeldskov	NA	Session details: Interfaces for care and support	NA	2014
Mark Matthews:Geri Gay:Gavin Doherty	Gaining an understanding of user needs is a central component of HCI design approaches such as user-centred design and participatory design. In some settings, such as mental health care, access to end-users is often constrained. This is a particular difficulty given that the experience of those with mental illness can be difficult for researchers to understand, and is further complicated by its associated stigma. In addition, the therapeutic setting is outside the common experience of most people and protected from outside intrusion. Although role-play has been used in varied ways in HCI, rarely has it been defined with sufficient clarity to enable others to deploy it in a nuanced manner. We argue that role-play is particularly suited for use in mental healthcare settings and, when used judiciously, can address some of the difficulties associated with working in this setting. This paper details a range of role-play formats appropriated from therapeutic role-play, drawing upon the HCI and mental health literature, therapist input and our experience of using role-play for a number of purposes at different stages of the development process. We consider how and why role-play can be used to generate empathy, gain understanding of therapy, provide feedback on designs before clinical use and help train therapists in using technology in the treatment room.	Taking part: role-play in the design of therapeutic systems	NA:NA:NA	2014
Phil Adams:Eric PS Baumer:Geri Gay	Social support plays an important role in health systems. While significant work has explored the role of social support in CMC environments, less analysis has considered social support in mobile health systems. This paper describes socially supportive messages in VERA, a mobile application for sharing health decisions and behaviors. The short and bursty interactions in social awareness streams [36] afford a particular style of social support, for which we offer the label staccato social support. Results indicate that, in comparison to previous work, staccato social support is characterized by a greater prevalence of esteem support, which builds respect and confidence. We further note the presence of 'following up', a positive behavior that contributes to supportive interactions, likely via social pressure and accountability [7,38]. These findings suggest design recommendations to developers of mobile social support systems and contribute to understanding technologically mediated social support for health.	Staccato social support in mobile health applications	NA:NA:NA	2014
Maia L. Jacobs:James Clawson:Elizabeth D. Mynatt	Health information management for cancer care is a challenging and personal process that changes over time based on one's needs, goals, and health status. While technologies supporting health information management appear promising, we do not fully understand how health information tools fit into patients? daily lives. To better understand the opportunities and usage barriers of these tools, we designed and deployed a mobile, tablet-based health management aid: My Journey Compass. After one month of use, we interviewed twelve breast cancer patients to investigate their initial patterns of adoption, adaptation, use and non-use. We found that developing a tool that was customizable, mobile, and integrated into the patients' healthcare system resulted in a set of surprising uses by breast cancer patients for a wide variety of tasks. Our study demonstrates the potential for health management tools to improve the cancer care experience and for HCI research to influence existing healthcare systems.	My journey compass: a preliminary investigation of a mobile tool for cancer patients	NA:NA:NA	2014
Anthony L. Threatt:Jessica Merino:Keith Evan Green:Ian Walker:Johnell O. Brooks:Stan Healy	An inevitable new frontier for the CHI community is the development of complex, larger-scale, cyber-physical artifacts where advancements in design, computing and robotics converge. Presented here is a design exemplar: the Assistive, Robotic Table (ART), the key component of our envisioned home suite of networked, robotic furnishings for hospitals and homes, promoting wellbeing and independent living. We begin with the motivations for ART, and present our iterative, five-phase, participatory design-and-evaluation process involving clinicians at a rehabilitation hospital, focusing here on the final usability study. From our wide-ranging design-research activities, which may be characterized as research through design, we found ART to be promising but also challenging. As a design exemplar, ART offers invaluable lessons to the CHI community as it comes to design larger-scale, cyber-physical artifacts cultivating interactions across people and their surroundings that define places of social, cultural and psychological significance.	An assistive robotic table for older and post-stroke adults: results from participatory design and evaluation activities with clinical staff	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Christina Satchell	NA	Session details: Research through design	NA	2014
John Vines:Tess Denman-Cleaver:Paul Dunphy:Peter Wright:Patrick Olivier	While theatre has been used in HCI as a tool for engaging participants in design processes, the specific benefits of using live theatre over other communicative mediums, remains underexplored. In this paper we introduce Experience Design Theatre (EDT) as an approach to undertaking experience-centered design with multiple parties in the early stages of design. EDT was motivated by a need to involve several diverse groups of people in the design of a digitally coordinated care service - NetCarers. We used live theatre as a way to engage small groups of participants in dialogues around the design of NetCarers, to qualify their contributions in a refined performance, and to communicate their concerns and aspirations to domain experts. We highlight key benefits to using live theatre in experience-centered design and offer insights for researchers undertaking similar work in the future.	Experience design theatre: exploring the role of live theatre in scaffolding design dialogues	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jin-min Seok:Jong-bum Woo:Youn-kyung Lim	Conventional wisdom says that to be successful, an idea must be concrete, complete, and certain. However, what if unfinished ideas work? This CHI paper proposes a new design space we call non-finito products for the HCI community. This new design space is about intentionally unfinished products and how they foster new creations by end-users as they are actually used to help people solve their own problems. The central idea comes from the background of the growing complexity associated with IT advancement and from the new way of dealing with it, with the assistance of user creativity in the actual use of the products. This paper begins with the exploration of non-finito products as a new design space for the end-user's creativity in the personal user experience. We then defined and proposed non-finito products. We discussed three case studies that will help to understand the design space of non-finito products, and we framed the new design space by revealing the beneficial contexts and values. Finally, we suggested the implications of designing non-finito products. We believe that non-finito products will open a new design space in HCI, prompt a new means of replacing value-destroying complexity with value-creating version, and help to make a product better fit to user experience.	Non-finito products: a new design space of user creativity for personal user experience	NA:NA:NA	2014
Mark Blythe	This paper reflects on the uses of prototypes in "Research through Design" and considers "Design Fiction" as a technique for exploring the potential value of new design work. It begins with an analysis of Research through Design abstracts in the ACM digital library and identifies an emerging language and structure of papers in this emerging field. The abstracts: frame a problem space, introduce a study, often involving the deployment of a prototype, and conclude with considerations, reflections and discussion. This format is then pastiched in a series of design fictions written for a project investigating new and emerging forms of reproduction in Art. The fictions take the form of "imaginary abstracts" which summarize findings of papers that have not been written about prototypes that do not exist. It is argued that framing concept designs as fictional studies can provide a space for research focused critique and development.	Research through design fiction: narrative in real and imaginary abstracts	NA	2014
Juri Dachtera:Dave Randall:Volker Wulf	Design research processes often take place in publicly funded projects. Besides designers and users, public funding increasingly requires industry partners to participate in such projects. We present empirical insights from a joint research project in order to assess the claims connected with such funding structures and to report on challenges for design research within them. We identify three themes of conflict between academic and industry partners and elaborate on the sources of them. The presentation of our results builds on the distinction between 'academia' and 'industry', which is frequently applied by political funding agencies. The analysis of the respective stakeholders' actual interests, however, will prove such a dichotomy to be misleading and simplistic.	Research on research: design research at the margins: academia, industry and end-users	NA:NA:NA	2014
Pourang Irani	NA	Session details: Pointing and cursors	NA	2014
Jérémie Gilliot:Géry Casiez:Nicolas Roussel	Absolute indirect interaction maps the absolute position of a device's end-effector to the absolute position of a remote on-screen object.Despite its long-time use with graphics tablets and growing use in research prototypes, little is known on the influence of form factors and input conditions on pointing performance with such a mapping. The input and display can have different sizes and aspect ratios, for example. The on-screen targets can vary in size. Users can look solely at the display or at the input device as well. They can also hold the input device in certain cases, or let it rest on a table. This paper reports on two experiments designed to investigate the influence of all these factors on absolute indirect-touch pointing performance. We also provide design guidelines for interaction in these situations based on the observed impacting factors.	Impact of form factors and input conditions on absolute indirect-touch pointing tasks	NA:NA:NA	2014
Martez E. Mott:Jacob O. Wobbrock	We present the Bubble Lens, a new target acquisition technique that remedies the limitations of the Bubble Cursor to increase the speed and accuracy of acquiring small, dense targets--precisely those targets for which the Bubble Cursor degenerates to a point cursor. When targets are large and sparse, the Bubble Lens behaves like the Bubble Cursor. But when targets are small and dense, the Bubble Lens automatically magnifies nearby targets, making them larger in both visual- and motor-space. Importantly, magnification is not governed by an explicit user-invoked mode-switch. Rather, magnification is activated through kinematic triggering, a technique that continuously examines an unfolding velocity profile to automatically trigger mode changes based on observed features. In a first study, we found the Bubble Cursor performed poorly when targets had an effective size smaller than 10 pixels. Using this threshold for the Bubble Lens in a second study, we found that the Bubble Lens significantly outperformed the Bubble Cursor, decreasing movement time by 10.2% and error rates by 37.9%, making the Bubble Lens the fastest current pointing technique.	Beating the bubble: using kinematic triggering in the bubble lens for acquiring small, dense targets	NA:NA	2014
Phillip T. Pasqual:Jacob O. Wobbrock	We present a new method of predicting the endpoints of mouse movements. While prior approaches to endpoint prediction have relied upon normative kinematic laws, regression, or control theory, our approach is straightforward but kinematically rich. Our key insight is to regard the unfolding velocity profile of a pointing movement as a 2-D stroke gesture and to use template matching to predict the endpoint based on prior observed movements. We call our technique kinematic template matching (KTM), which is simple to implement, user-adaptable, and kinematically expressive. In a study of 17 able-bodied participants evaluated over movement amplitudes ranging from 100-800 pixels, we found KTM to predict endpoints that were within 83 pixels of the true endpoint at 50% of the way through the movement, within 48 pixels at 75%, and within 39 pixels at 90%, using 1000 templates per participant. These accuracies make KTM as successful an approach to endpoint prediction as any prior technique, while being easier to implement and understand than most.	Mouse pointing endpoint prediction using kinematic template matching	NA:NA	2014
Xiaojun Su:Oscar Kin-Chung Au:Rynson W.H. Lau	We present the Implicit Fan Cursor (IFC) - a novel target pointing technique using a cursor with a fan-shape activation area. The IFC couples the cursor's activation area with its velocity, i.e., the speed and direction of the mouse motion, behaving like a 2D spotlight cursor at low speed and a circular area cursor at high speed. Thus, it enables the user to precisely acquire distant targets at low speed and easily acquire nearest targets at high speed, without explicit mode switching. This technique minimizes cursor movement, while taking into consideration of the precision of cursor movement at different speeds. It also ensures that only one target is captured at any time. The results of our controlled experiments show that the IFC outperforms the point cursor and the area cursor techniques, particularly in terms of cursor moving distance, and that its performance can be accurately modeled using the Fitts' law.	The implicit fan cursor: a velocity dependent area cursor	NA:NA:NA	2014
Svetlana Yarosh	NA	Session details: Always connected: email and social media	NA	2014
Melissa Mazmanian:Ingrid Erickson	Constant connectivity and total availability to clients is the rule rather than the exception in many contemporary workplaces. Enabled by developments in information and communication technologies (ICTs), total availability of employees is possible and presumed. Scholars have explored how new technological affordances, cultural shifts, individual personality traits, and/or the development of social expectations that reinforce norms of constant connectivity have led to this state of affairs. We argue that a key factor has been overlooked in current scholarship about stress, intensive work, and constant connectivity. That is, current economic conditions are creating a marketplace in which firms increasing sell the availability of their employees as part of the services offered by the firm. In this paper we use qualitative data to illustrate how total availability is an integral aspect of the 'product' offered by professional service firms and is becoming increasingly prevalent in other service industries. We conclude with a discussion of how the HCI community might address this situation as a design challenge. Drawing on the work of Goffman and Perlow, we suggest that designers attend to the ways in which organizations might maintain front stage impressions of total availability while collectively managing individual time to restrict total availability behind the scenes.	The product of availability: understanding the economic underpinnings of constant connectivity	NA:NA	2014
Sarita Yardi Schoenebeck	Social media use is widespread, but many people worry about overuse. This paper explores how and why people take breaks from social media. Using a mixed methods approach, we pair data from users who tweeted about giving up Twitter for Lent with an interview study of social media users. We find that 64% of users who proclaim that they are giving up Twitter for Lent successfully do so. Among those who fail, 31% acknowledge their failure; the other 69% simply return. We observe hedging patterns (e.g. "I thought about giving up Twitter for Lent but"?) that surfaced uncertainty about social media behavior. Interview participants were concerned about the tradeoffs of spending time on social media versus doing other things and of spending time on social media rather than in "real life." We discuss gaps in related theory that might help reduce users' anxieties and open design problems related to designing systems and services that can help users manage their own social media use.	Giving up Twitter for Lent: how and why we take breaks from social media	NA	2014
Kyle Rector:Joshua Hailpern	Email is the primary method of digital communication for most people, but the overwhelming quantity has led to a poverty of attention. Existing manual and automatic solutions that aim to save important emails from falling through the cracks have begun to address this problem, but may increase user workload, sacrifice efficiency, or fail to identify high value communications. In response, we developed MinEMail, an alert system that uses a text message (SMS) to remind and notify users of critical emails that may have been missed or forgotten. MinEMail provides an alert infrastructure as well as accurately labeling and predicting which emails are critical, and when and how they need to be addressed. To motivate our system, we also present an up-front study with 777 participants that aims to understand the state and limitations of email and SMS in enterprise. We conduct an experience sampling study of over 3000 emails in order to construct MinEMail's predictive models. Finally, we present the results from a 15 user ecologically valid real-world deployment of MinEMail in enterprise.	MinEMail: SMS alert system for managing critical emails	NA:NA	2014
Catherine Grevet:David Choi:Debra Kumar:Eric Gilbert	The term email overload has two definitions: receiving a large volume of incoming email, and having emails of different status types (to do, to read, etc). Whittaker and Sidner proposed the latter definition in 1996, noticing that email inboxes were far more complex than simply containing incoming messages. Sixteen years after Whittaker and Sidner, we replicate and extend their work with a qualitative analysis of Google's Gmail. We find that email overload, both in terms of volume and of status, is still a problem today. Our contributions are 1) updating the state of email overload, 2) extending our understanding of overload in the context of Gmail and 3) comparing personal with work email accounts: while work email tends to be status overloaded, personal email is also type overloaded. These comparisons between work and personal email suggest new avenues for email research.	Overload is overloaded: email in the age of Gmail	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Ron Wakkary	NA	Session details: Smart homes and sustainability	NA	2014
Blase Ur:Elyse McManus:Melwyn Pak Yong Ho:Michael L. Littman	We investigate the practicality of letting average users customize smart-home devices using trigger-action ("if, then") programming. We find trigger-action programming can express most desired behaviors submitted by participants in an online study. We identify a class of triggers requiring machine learning that has received little attention. We evaluate the uniqueness of the 67,169 trigger-action programs shared on IFTTT.com, finding that real users have written a large number of unique trigger-action interactions. Finally, we conduct a 226-participant usability test of trigger-action programming, finding that inexperienced users can quickly learn to create programs containing multiple triggers or actions.	Practical trigger-action programming in the smart home	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Enrico Costanza:Joel E. Fischer:James A. Colley:Tom Rodden:Sarvapali D. Ramchurn:Nicholas R. Jennings	Future energy systems that rely on renewable energy may bring about a radical shift in how we use energy in our homes. We developed and prototyped a future scenario with highly variable, real-time electricity prices due to a grid that mainly relies on renewables. We designed and deployed an agent-based interactive system that enables users to effectively operate the washing machine in this scenario. The system is used to book timeslots of washing machine use so that the agent can help to minimize the cost of a wash by charging a battery at times when electricity is cheap. We carried out a deployment in 10 households in order to uncover the socio-technical challenges around integrating new technologies into everyday routines. The findings reveal tensions that arise when deploying a rationalistic system to manage contingently and socially organized domestic practices. We discuss the trade-offs between utility and convenience inherent in smart grid applications; and illustrate how certain design choices position applications along this spectrum.	Doing the laundry with agents: a field trial of a future smart energy system in the home	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Rayoung Yang:Mark W. Newman:Jodi Forlizzi	The smart home is here. One area where smart home devices promise to deliver great benefits is in the control of home heating, ventilation, and cooling (HVAC) systems. In this paper, we seek to inform the design of future heating and cooling systems by investigating users' experiences with the Nest Learning Thermostat, a commercially available smart home device. We conducted a qualitative study where we compared people's interactions with conventional thermostats with interactions with the Nest. A key finding was that the Nest impacted users' pattern of HVAC control, but only for a while, and caused new problems in unrealized energy savings. In leveraging these findings, we create a set of design implications for Eco-Interaction, the design of features and human-system interactions with the goal of saving energy.	Making sustainability sustainable: challenges in the design of eco-interaction technologies	NA:NA:NA	2014
Hao-Chuan Wang	NA	Session details: Multilingual communication	NA	2014
Scott A. Hale	This article analyzes the global connectivity of the Twitter retweet and mentions network and the role of multilingual users engaging with content in multiple languages. The network is heavily structured by language with most mentions and retweets directed to users writing in the same language. Users writing in multiple languages are more active, authoring more tweets than monolingual users. These multilingual users play an important bridging role in the global connectivity of the network. The mean level of insularity from speakers in each language does not correlate straightforwardly with the size of the user base as predicted by previous research. Finally, the English language does play more of a bridging role than other languages, but the role played collectively by multilingual users across different languages is the largest bridging force in the network.	Global connectivity and multilinguals in the Twitter network	NA	2014
Ge Gao:Naomi Yamashita:Ari MJ Hautasaari:Andy Echenique:Susan R. Fussell	Real-time transcripts generated by automated speech recognition (ASR) technologies have the potential to facilitate communication between native speakers (NS) and non-native speakers (NNS). Previous studies of ASR have focused on how transcripts aid NNS speech comprehension. In this study, we examine whether transcripts benefit multiparty real-time conversation between NS and NNS. We hypothesized that ASR transcripts would be more beneficial when the transcripts were publicly shared by all group members as opposed to when they were seen only by the NNS. To test our hypothesis, we conducted a lab experiment in which 14 groups of native and non-native speakers engaged in a story-telling task. Half of the groups received private transcripts that were available only to the NNS; the other half received publicly shared transcripts that were available to all group members. NS spoke more clearly, and both NS and NNS rated the quality of communication higher, when transcripts were publicly shared. These findings inform the design of future tools to support multilingual group communication.	Effects of public vs. private automated transcripts on multiparty communication between native and non-native english speakers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Geza Kovacs:Robert C. Miller	Language learners often use subtitled videos to help them learn. However, standard subtitles are geared more towards comprehension than vocabulary learning, as translations are nonliteral and are provided only for phrases, not vocabulary. This paper presents Smart Subtitles, which are interactive subtitles tailored towards vocabulary learning. Smart Subtitles can be automatically generated from common video sources such as subtitled DVDs. They provide features such as vocabulary definitions on hover, and dialog-based video navigation. In our pilot study with intermediate learners studying Chinese, participants correctly defined over twice as many new words in a post-viewing vocabulary test when they used Smart Subtitles, compared to dual Chinese-English subtitles. Learners spent the same amount of time watching clips with each tool, and enjoyed viewing videos with Smart Subtitles as much as with dual subtitles. Learners understood videos equally well using either tool, as indicated by self-assessments and independent evaluations of their summaries.	Smart subtitles for vocabulary learning	NA:NA	2014
Na Li:Mary Beth Rosson	Annotating documents has long been a widely used strategy for distilling important contents and externalizing related thoughts and ideas in context. No one has studied the activity of annotating dynamic texts, such as online chat, although online conversation is an important communication media for global companies. In this paper, we investigate Instant Annotation (IA), a real-time annotation-enhanced chat tool. We contrast the use of the enhanced chat tool to a standard chat tool for multilingual groups doing a brainstorming and decision-making task. Results show that group satisfaction and perceived control of the conversation are enhanced for the participants who used IA. We also report new patterns of annotation use and discuss design implications for group chat tools.	Using annotations in online group chats	NA:NA	2014
Eytan Adar	NA	Session details: Interactive visualization and visual elements	NA	2014
Benjamin Bach:Emmanuel Pietriga:Jean-Daniel Fekete	Designing visualizations of dynamic networks is challenging, both because the data sets tend to be complex and because the tasks associated with them are often cognitively demand- ing. We introduce the Matrix Cube, a novel visual representation and navigation model for dynamic networks, inspired by the way people comprehend and manipulate physical cubes. Users can change their perspective on the data by rotating or decomposing the 3D cube. These manipulations can produce a range of different 2D visualizations that emphasize specific aspects of the dynamic network suited to particular analysis tasks. We describe Matrix Cubes and the interactions that can be performed on them in the Cubix system. We then show how two domain experts, an astronomer and a neurologist, used Cubix to explore and report on their own network data.	Visualizing dynamic networks with matrix cubes	NA:NA:NA	2014
Charles Perin:Romain Vuillemot:Jean-Daniel Fekete	This article introduces A Table!, an enhanced soccer ranking table providing temporal navigation by combining two novel interaction techniques. Ranking tables order soccer teams represented as rows, according to values of columns containing attributes e.g., accumulated points, or number of scored goals. Because they represent a snapshot of a championship at a time t, tables are regularly updated with new results. Such updates usually change the rows order, which makes the tracking of a specified team over time difficult. We observed that the tables available on the web do not support tracking such changes very well, are generally hard to read, and lack interactions. This contrasts with the extensive use of comments on temporal trends found in soccer analysts articles. To better support such analyzes, the two interactive techniques presented allow exploration of time, and are designed to preserve users' flow: DRAG-CELL is based on direct manipulation of values to browse ranks; VIZ-RANK uses a transient line chart of team ranks to visually explore a championship. An on-line evaluation with 143 participants shows that each technique efficiently supports a set of important temporal tasks not supported by current ranking tables. This paves the way for introducing efficient advanced visual exploration techniques to millions of soccer enthusiasts who use tables everyday.	A table!: improving temporal navigation in soccer ranking tables	NA:NA:NA	2014
Jeffrey M. Rzeszotarski:Aniket Kittur	Over the last several years there has been an explosion of powerful, affordable, multi-touch devices. This provides an outstanding opportunity for novel data visualization techniques that leverage new interaction methods and minimize their barriers to entry. In this paper we describe an approach for multivariate data visualization that uses physics-based affordances that are easy to intuit, constraints that are easy to apply and visualize, and a consistent view as data is manipulated in order to promote data exploration and interrogation. We provide a framework for exploring this problem space, and an example proof of concept system called Kinetica. We describe the results of a user study that suggest users of Kinetica were able to explore multiple dimensions of data at once, identify outliers, and discover trends with minimal training.	Kinetica: naturalistic multi-touch data visualization	NA:NA	2014
Sungsoo (Ray) Hong:Yea-Seul Kim:Jong-Chul Yoon:Cecilia R. Aragon	Most geographic maps visually represent physical distance; however, travel time can in some cases be more important than distance because it directly indicates availability. The technique of creating maps from temporal data is known as isochronal cartography, and is a form of distortion for clarification. In an isochronal map, congestion expands areas, while ideal travel conditions make the map shrink in comparison to the actual distance scale of a traditional map. Although there have been many applications of this technique, detailed user studies of its efficacy remain scarce, and there are conflicting views on its practical value. To attempt to settle this issue, we utilized a user-centered design process to determine which features of isochronal cartography might be most usable in practice. We developed an interactive cartographic visualization system, Traffigram, that features a novel combination of efficient isochronal map algorithms and an interface designed to give map users a quick and seamless experience while preserving geospatial integrity and aesthetics. We validated our design choices with multiple usability studies. We present our results and discuss implications for design.	Traffigram: distortion for clarification via isochronal cartography	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Lennart Nacke	NA	Session details: Understanding and designing games	NA	2014
Gillian Smith	Games that use procedural content generation (PCG) do so in a wide variety of ways and for different reasons. One of the most common reasons cited by PCG system creators and game designers is improving replayability by providing a means for automatically creating near-infinite amounts of content, the player can come back and replay the game and refine her strategies over a long period. However, this notion of replayability is both overly broad and incomplete as a motivation. This paper contributes an analytical framework and associated common vocabulary for understanding the role of PCG in games from a design standpoint, with an aim of unpacking some of the broad justifications for PCG use in games, and bringing together technical concerns in designing PCG systems with design concerns related to creating engaging playable experiences.	Understanding procedural content generation: a design-centric analysis of the role of PCG in games	NA	2014
Elisa D. Mekler:Julia Ayumi Bopp:Alexandre N. Tuch:Klaus Opwis	Enjoyment has been identified as a central component of the player experience (PX), but various, overlapping concepts within PX make it difficult to develop valid measures and a common understanding of game enjoyment. We conducted a systematic review of 87 quantitative studies, analyzing different operationalizations and measures of game enjoyment, its determinants, and how these were related to other components of PX, such as flow, presence and immersion. Results suggest that game enjoyment describes the positive cognitive and affective appraisal of the game experience, and may in part be associated with the support of player needs and values. Further, we outline that enjoyment is distinct from flow in that it may occur independently of challenge and cognitive involvement, and argue that enjoyment may be understood as the valence of the player experience. We conclude with a discussion of methodological challenges and point out opportunities for future research on game enjoyment.	A systematic review of quantitative studies on the enjoyment of digital entertainment games	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Rodrigo Vicencio-Moreira:Regan L. Mandryk:Carl Gutwin:Scott Bateman	Aim-assistance techniques have been shown to work for player balancing in 2D environments, but little information exists about how well these techniques will work in a 3D FPS game. We carried out three studies of the performance of five different aim assists in an Unreal-based game world. The assists worked well in a target-range scenario (study 1), but their performance was reduced when game elements were introduced in a walkthrough map (study 2). We systematically examined the relationships between realistic game elements and assist performance (study 3). These studies show that two techniques -- bullet magnetism and area cursor -- worked well in a wide variety of situations. Other techniques that worked well were too perceptible, and some previously-successful techniques did not work well in any game-like scenario. Our studies are the first to provide empirical evidence of the performance of aim assist techniques in 3D environments, and the first to identify the complexities in using these techniques in real FPS games.	The effectiveness (or lack thereof) of aim-assist techniques in first-person shooter games	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Elizabeth Bonsignore:Vicki Moulder:Carman Neustaedter:Derek Hansen:Kari Kraus:Allison Druin	This paper presents insights from designers of Alternate Reality Games (ARGs) regarding the design tactics they employ to integrate participatory storytelling and "authentic fiction" into the transmedia experiences they create. Our approach was motivated by recent efforts in HCI to more closely align the development of interaction design theory to the craft knowledge and experiences of designers themselves. The resulting insights enhance our understanding of design approaches that a diverse group of ARG producers follow to create interactive, participatory narratives. We outline narrative-specific themes to support designers who craft similar interactive experiences.	Design tactics for authentic interactive fiction: insights from alternate reality game designers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Chaklam Silpasuwanchai:Xiangshi Ren	Motion gestures enable natural and intuitive input in video games. However, game gestures designed by developers may not always be the optimal gestures for players. A key challenge in designing appropriate game gestures lies in the interaction-intensive nature of video games, i.e., several actions/commands may need to be executed concurrently using different body parts. This study analyzes user preferences in game gestures, with the aim of accommodating high interactivity during gameplay. Two user-elicitation studies were conducted: first, to determine user preferences, participants were asked to define gestures for common game actions/commands; second, to develop effective combined-gestures, participants were asked to define possible game gestures using each body part (one and two hands, one and two legs, head, eyes, and torso). Our study presents a set of suitable and alternative body parts for common game actions/commands. We also present some simultaneously applied game gestures that assist interaction in highly interactive game situations (e.g., selecting a weapon with the feet while shooting with the hand). Interesting design implications are further discussed, e.g., transferability between hand and leg gestures.	Jump and shoot!: prioritizing primary and alternative body gestures for intense gameplay	NA:NA	2014
Katharina Reinecke	NA	Session details: Personal values and preferences	NA	2014
Liang Gou:Michelle X. Zhou:Huahai Yang	There is much recent work on using the digital footprints left by people on social media to predict personal traits and gain a deeper understanding of individuals. Due to the veracity of social media, imperfections in prediction algorithms, and the sensitive nature of one's personal traits, much research is still needed to better understand the effectiveness of this line of work, including users' preferences of sharing their computationally derived traits. In this paper, we report a two- part study involving 256 participants, which (1) examines the feasibility and effectiveness of automatically deriving three types of personality traits from Twitter, including Big 5 personality, basic human values, and fundamental needs, and (2) investigates users' opinions of using and sharing these traits. Our findings show there is a potential feasibility of automatically deriving one's personality traits from social media with various factors impacting the accuracy of models. The results also indicate over 61.5% users are willing to share their derived traits in the workplace and that a number of factors significantly influence their sharing preferences. Since our findings demonstrate the feasibility of automatically inferring a user's personal traits from social media, we discuss their implications for designing a new generation of privacy-preserving, hyper-personalized systems.	KnowMe and ShareMe: understanding automatically discovered personality traits from social media and user sharing preferences	NA:NA:NA	2014
Saeideh Bakhshi:David A. Shamma:Eric Gilbert	Photos are becoming prominent means of communication online. Despite photos' pervasive presence in social media and online world, we know little about how people interact and engage with their content. Understanding how photo content might signify engagement, can impact both science and design, influencing production and distribution. One common type of photo content that is shared on social media, is the photos of people. From studies of offline behavior, we know that human faces are powerful channels of non-verbal communication. In this paper, we study this behavioral phenomena online. We ask how presence of a face, it's age and gender might impact social engagement on the photo. We use a corpus of 1 million Instagram images and organize our study around two social engagement feedback factors, likes and comments. Our results show that photos with faces are 38% more likely to receive likes and 32% more likely to receive comments, even after controlling for social network reach and activity. We find, however, that the number of faces, their age and gender do not have an effect. This work presents the first results on how photos with human faces relate to engagement on large scale image sharing communities. In addition to contributing to the research around online user behavior, our findings offer a new line of future work using visual analysis.	Faces engage us: photos with faces attract more likes and comments on Instagram	NA:NA:NA	2014
Auk Kim:Gahgene Gweon	Photo sharing activities on social networking sites concern not only the person sharing the information (owner) and the person receiving the information (viewer) but also the person who is in the photo (subject). In our exploratory lab study, we asked 29 participants about their comfort level in allowing a photo owner to share a picture containing both the participant (subject) and the owner. Our results show that the photo subject feels more comfortable in sharing a photo when i) the "closeness between the subject and the owner (SO closeness)" is higher, and ii) the "closeness between the subject and the viewer (SV closeness)" is higher. In addition, we observed that both SV and SO closeness are important in determining the subject's picture sharing preference level.	Photo sharing of the subject, by the owner, for the viewer: examining the subject's preference	NA:NA	2014
Flavio Figueiredo:Jussara M. Almeida:Fabrício Benevenuto:Krishna P. Gummadi	We here investigate what drives the popularity of information on social media platforms. Focusing on YouTube, we seek to understand the extent to which content by itself determines a video's popularity. Using mechanical turk as experimental platform, we asked users to evaluate pairs of videos, and compared users' relative perception of the videos' content against their relative popularity reported by YouTube. We found that in most evaluations users could not reach consensus on which video had better content as their perceptions tend to be very subjective. Nevertheless, when consensus was reached, the video with preferred content almost always achieved greater popularity on YouTube, highlighting the importance of content in driving information popularity on social media.	Does content determine information popularity in social media?: a case study of youtube videos' content and their popularity	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Gary Hsieh:Jilin Chen:Jalal U. Mahmud:Jeffrey Nichols	This paper presents an experiment on the relationship between personal values and reading interests of online articles. Results suggest that individuals' values can predict their topical interests. For example, holding stronger universalism values predict interests towards environmental articles, whereas holding stronger achievement values predict interest towards work-related articles. Findings demonstrate the possibility of targeting based on individuals' personal values, but also highlight certain challenges and limitations when applying this approach for online content.	You read what you value: understanding personal values and reading interests	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Aisling Ann O'Kane:Yvonne Rogers:Ann E. Blandford	In this paper, we report on autoethnography as a method to access non-routine usage of mobile devices, such as during business trips, vacations, etc. Autoethnography, a self-study method with the researcher as participant, was employed for the evaluation of a wrist blood pressure monitor used by people with conditions such as hypertension. The findings from the study were surprising, especially with respect to the environmental and social impact on the use of the technology. Although the autoethnographic method can be disruptive for the researcher, it enables them to understand and empathize with the experiences mobile device users can face in difficult to access contexts. This method allows HCI researchers to better understand user experiences with mobile devices, including mobile medical technology, especially during non-routine times that can be difficult to study in-situ with traditional user studies.	Gaining empathy for non-routine mobile device use through autoethnography	NA:NA:NA	2014
Claire O'Malley	NA	Session details: Enabling interactive performances	NA	2014
Diego Silang Maranan:Sarah Fdili Alaoui:Thecla Schiphorst:Philippe Pasquier:Pattarawut Subyen:Lyn Bartram	While single-accelerometers are a common consumer embedded sensors, their use in representing movement data as an intelligent resource remains scarce. Accelerometers have been used in movement recognition systems, but rarely to assess expressive qualities of movement. We present a prototype of wearable system for the real-time detection and classification of movement quality using acceleration data. The system applies Laban Movement Analysis (LMA) to recognize Laban Effort qualities from acceleration input using a Machine Learning software that generates classifications in real time. Existing LMA-recognition systems rely on motion capture data and video data, and can only be deployed in controlled settings. Our single-accelerometer system is portable and can be used under a wide range of environmental conditions. We evaluate the performance of the system, present two applications using the system in the digital arts and discuss future directions.	Designing for movement: evaluating computational models using LMA effort qualities	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Carl Unander-Scharin:Åsa Unander-Scharin:Kristina Höök	With The Vocal Chorder, a large interactive instrument to create accompaniment, opera singers can get more power over the performance. The device allows performers to interactively accompany themselves through pushing, leaning on and bending steel wires. The design was guided by the unique needs of the solo-singer, explored through autobiographical design and material explorations, some on stage, and later tested by other singers. We discuss how designing for opera and for the stage requires extraordinary durability and how opera performances can change with a bodily-oriented instrument such as The Vocal Chorder. Through a designerly exploration, we arrived at a device that offered (1) a tool for singers to take control over the rhythmical pace and overall artistic and aesthetic outcome of their performances, (2) an enriched sense of embodiment between their voice and the overall performance; and (3) a means to empower opera singers on stage.	The vocal chorder: empowering opera singers with a large interactive instrument	NA:NA:NA	2014
Jonna R. Häkkilä:Maaret Posti:Stefan Schneegass:Florian Alt:Kunter Gultekin:Albrecht Schmidt	The entertainment industry is going through a transformation, and technology development is affecting how we can enjoy and interact with the entertainment media content in new ways. In our work, we explore how to enable interaction with content in the context of 3D cinemas. This allows viewers to use their mobile phone to retrieve, for example, information on the artist of the soundtrack currently playing or a discount coupon on the watch the main actor is wearing. We are particularly interested in the user experience of the interactive 3D cinema concept, and how different interactive elements and interaction techniques are perceived. We report on the development of a prototype application utilizing smart phones and on an evaluation in a cinema context with 20 participants. Results emphasize that designing for interactive cinema experiences should drive for holistic and positive user experiences. Interactive content should be tied together with the actual video content, but integrated into contexts where it does not conflict with the immersive experience with the movie.	Let me catch this!: experiencing interactive 3D cinema through collecting content with a mobile phone	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Ben Swift:Andrew Sorensen:Michael Martin:Henry Gardner	Livecoding is an artistic programming practice in which an artist's low-level interaction can be observed with sufficiently high fidelity to allow for transcription and analysis. This paper presents the first reported "coding" of livecoding videos. From an identified corpus of videos available on the web, we coded performances of two different livecoding artists, recording both the (textual) programming edit events and the musical effect of these edits. Our analysis includes a novel, transition-matrix visualisation of the textual and musical dimensions of this data to create a "performer fingerprint". We show how detailed transcriptions of livecoding videos can be made which, we hope, will provide a foundation for further research into describing and understanding livecoding.	Coding livecoding	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Charles Martin:Henry Gardner:Ben Swift	Percussionists are unique among western classical instrumentalists in that their artistic practice is defined by an approach to interaction rather than their instruments. While percussionists are accustomed to exploring non-traditional objects to create music, these objects have yet to encompass touch-screen computing devices to any great extent. The proliferation and popularity of these devices now presents an opportunity to explore their use in combining computer-generated sound together with percussive interaction in a musical ensemble. This paper examines Ensemble Metatone, a group formed to explore the "infiltration" of iPad-based musical instruments into a free-improvisation percussion ensemble. We discuss the design approach for two different iPad percussion instruments and the methodology for exploring them with the group over a series of rehearsals and performances. Qualitative analysis of discussions throughout this process shows that the musicians developed a vocabulary of gestures and musical interactions to make musical sense of these new instruments.	Exploring percussive gesture on iPads with ensemble metatone	NA:NA:NA	2014
Nicholas Chen	NA	Session details: Battery life and energy harvesting	NA	2014
Kumaripaba Athukorala:Eemil Lagerspetz:Maria von Kügelgen:Antti Jylhä:Adam J. Oliner:Sasu Tarkoma:Giulio Jacucci	Mobile devices have limited battery life, and numerous battery management applications are available that aim to improve it. This paper examines a large-scale mobile battery awareness application, called Carat, to see how it changes user behavior with long-term use. We conducted a survey of current Carat Android users and analyzed their interaction logs. The results show that long-term Carat users save more battery, charge their devices less often, learn to manage their battery with less help from Carat, have a better understanding of how Carat works, and may enjoy competing against other users. Based on these findings, we propose a set of guidelines for mobile battery awareness applications: battery awareness applications should make the reasoning behind their recommendations understandable to the user, be tailored to retain long-term users, take the audience into account when formulating feedback, and distinguish third-party and system applications.	How carat affects user behavior: implications for mobile battery awareness applications	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Kimiko Ryokai:Peiqi Su:Eungchan Kim:Bob Rollins	EnergyBugs are energy harvesting wearables with features that invite children to move their bodies to generate tiny, yet usable amounts of electricity. EnergyBugs not only convert children's kinetic energy into usable electrical energy, but also let children power a specially designed LED lamp with the energy the children have personally harvested. EnergyBugs therefore turn the electrical energy into a tangible object that children can manipulate and think with. Two studies of EnergyBugs with 34 elementary school children have revealed that children carefully observed and negotiated the use of personally harvested energy with their classmates, as well as developed emotional connections to energy. In particular, moving their own bodies to generate energy led the children to more actively ask questions about energy from new perspectives. We report our iterative design process and discuss the implications of our results for HCI.	EnergyBugs: energy harvesting wearables for children	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jussi Mikkonen:Ramyah Gowrishankar:Miia Oksanen:Harri Raittinen:Arto Kolinummi	We present the design, development and evaluation of a bi-directional inductive power transfer circuit for prototyping purposes in the watt-range. Our device does not require any configuration and is intended for the development of wearable and tangible systems. Our approach allows a bi-directional power flow without any change in the circuit, such that the same circuit can be used for charging and discharging a battery. The contribution of this work is an enabling technology for researchers and practitioners in the fields of Wearable Electronics, Ubiquitous Computing and Human-Computer Interaction interested in exploring new interactions powered by watt-range inductive links. It enables smaller battery sizes, and therefore lighter devices, as the power can be distributed in a way that has not been feasible before. We discuss the motivations, technical details and the workshop evaluating our inductive approach.	OJAS: open source bi-directional inductive power link	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jaeyeon Kihm:François V. Guimbretière:Julia Karl:Rajit Manohar	Low power "helper" cores have been increasingly included on application processors to accomplish low intensity tasks such as music playing and motion sensing with minimum energy consumption. Recently, Guimbretière et al. [1] demonstrated that such helper cores can also be used to execute simple user interface tasks. We revisit this approach by implementing a similar system on an off-the-shelf application processor (TI OMAP4). Our study shows that in the case of high event rate interactions (pen inking and virtual keyboard), significant battery life gains (×1.7 and ×2.3 respectively) can be achieved with the helper core executing the interface. Having the helper core only dis-patch input events incurs a 18% penalty relative to the maximum savings rate, but allows for simplified deployment since it merely requires a change in toolkit infrastructure.	Using asymmetric cores to reduce power consumption for interactive devices with bi-stable displays	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Shahram Izadi	NA	Session details: Mid-air gestures	NA	2014
Juan David Hincapié-Ramos:Xiang Guo:Paymahn Moghadasian:Pourang Irani	Mid-air interactions are prone to fatigue and lead to a feeling of heaviness in the upper limbs, a condition casually termed as the gorilla-arm effect. Designers have often associated limitations of their mid-air interactions with arm fatigue, but do not possess a quantitative method to assess and therefore mitigate it. In this paper we propose a novel metric, Consumed Endurance (CE), derived from the biomechanical structure of the upper arm and aimed at characterizing the gorilla-arm effect. We present a method to capture CE in a non-intrusive manner using an off-the-shelf camera-based skeleton tracking system, and demonstrate that CE correlates strongly with the Borg CR10 scale of perceived exertion. We show how designers can use CE as a complementary metric for evaluating existing and designing novel mid-air interactions, including tasks with repetitive input such as mid-air text-entry. Finally, we propose a series of guidelines for the design of fatigue-efficient mid-air interfaces.	Consumed endurance: a metric to quantify arm fatigue of mid-air interactions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Anders Markussen:Mikkel Rønne Jakobsen:Kasper Hornbæk	Word-gesture keyboards enable fast text entry by letting users draw the shape of a word on the input surface. Such keyboards have been used extensively for touch devices, but not in mid-air, even though their fluent gestural input seems well suited for this modality. We present Vulture, a word-gesture keyboard for mid-air operation. Vulture adapts touch based word-gesture algorithms to work in mid-air, projects users' movement onto the display, and uses pinch as a word delimiter. A first 10-session study suggests text-entry rates of 20.6 Words Per Minute (WPM) and finds hand-movement speed to be the primary predictor of WPM. A second study shows that with training on a few phrases, participants do 28.1 WPM, 59% of the text-entry rate of direct touch input. Participants' recall of trained gestures in mid-air was low, suggesting that visual feedback is important but also limits performance. Based on data from the studies, we discuss improvements to Vulture and some alternative designs for mid-air text entry.	Vulture: a mid-air word-gesture keyboard	NA:NA:NA	2014
Chat Wacharamanotham:Kashyap Todi:Marty Pye:Jan Borchers	Using the space above desktop input devices adds a rich new input channel to desktop interaction. Input in this elevated layer has been previously used to modify the granularity of a 2D slider, navigate layers of a 3D body scan above a multitouch table and access vertically stacked menus. However, designing these interactions is challenging because the lack of haptic and direct visual feedback easily leads to input errors. For bare finger input, the user's fingers needs to reliably enter and stay inside the interactive layer, and engagement techniques such as midair clicking have to be disambiguated from leaving the layer. These issues have been addressed for interactions in which users operate other devices in midair, but there is little guidance for the design of bare finger input in this space. In this paper, we present the results of two user studies that inform the design of finger input above desktop devices. Our studies show that 2 cm is the minimum thickness of the above-surface volume that users can reliably remain within. We found that when accessing midair layers, users do not automatically move to the same height. To address this, we introduce a technique that dynamically determines the height at which the layer is placed, depending on the velocity profile of the user's initial finger movement into midair. Finally, we propose a technique that reliably distinguishes clicking from homing movements, based on the user's hand shape. We structure the presentation of our findings using Buxton's three-state input model, adding additional states and transitions for above-surface interactions.	Understanding finger input above desktop devices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Arun Kulshreshth:Joseph J. LaViola, Jr.	Counting using one's fingers is a potentially intuitive way to enumerate a list of items and lends itself naturally to gesture-based menu systems. In this paper, we present the results of the first comprehensive study on Finger-Count menus to investigate its usefulness as a viable option for 3D menu selection tasks. Our study compares 3D gesture-based finger counting (Finger Count menus) with two gesture-based menu selection techniques (Hand-n-Hold, Thumbs-Up), derived from existing motion-controlled video game menu selection strategies, as well as 3D Marking menus. We examined selection time, selection accuracy and user preference for all techniques. We also examined the impact of different spatial layouts for menu items and different menu depths. Our results indicate that Finger-Count menus are significantly faster than the other menu techniques we tested and are the most liked by participants. Additionally, we found that while Finger-Count menus and 3D Marking menus have similar selection accuracy, Finger-Count menus are almost twice as fast compared to 3D Marking menus.	Exploring the usefulness of finger-based 3D gesture menu selection	NA:NA	2014
Xiang Cao	NA	Session details: Touch and stylus interaction	NA	2014
Albert Ng:Michelle Annett:Paul Dietz:Anoop Gupta:Walter F. Bischof	While pen computing has become increasingly more popular, device responsiveness, or latency, still plagues such interaction. Although there have been advances in digitizer technology over the last few years, commercial end-to-end latencies are unfortunately similar to those found with touchscreens, i.e., 65 - 120 milliseconds. We report on a prototype stylus-enabled device, the High Performance Stylus System (HPSS), designed to display latencies as low as one millisecond while users ink or perform dragging tasks. To understand the role of latency while inking with a stylus, psychophysical just-noticeable difference experiments were conducted using the HPSS. While participants performed dragging and scribbling tasks, very low levels of latency could be discriminated, i.e., ~1 versus 2 milliseconds while dragging and ~7 versus 40 milliseconds while scribbling. The HPSS and our experimentation have provided further motivation for the implementation of latency saving measures in pen-based hardware and software systems.	In the blink of an eye: investigating latency perception during stylus interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Martin Spindler:Martin Schuessler:Marcel Martsch:Raimund Dachselt	The multi-touch-based pinch to zoom, drag and flick to pan metaphor has gained wide popularity on mobile displays, where it is the paradigm of choice for navigating 2D documents. But is finger-based navigation really the gold standard' In this paper, we present a comprehensive user study with 40 participants, in which we systematically compared the Pinch-Drag-Flick approach with a technique that relies on spatial manipulation, such as lifting a display up/down to zoom. While we solely considered known techniques, we put considerable effort in implementing both input strategies on popular consumer hardware (iPhone, iPad). Our results show that spatial manipulation can significantly outperform traditional Pinch-Drag-Flick. Given the carefully optimized prototypes, we are confident to have found strong arguments that future generations of mobile devices could rely much more on spatial interaction principles.	Pinch-drag-flick vs. spatial input: rethinking zoom & pan on mobile displays	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Yi Ren:Yang Li:Edward Lank	Although touchscreen mobile phones are widely used for recording informal text notes (e.g., grocery lists, reminders and directions), the lack of efficient mechanisms for combining informal graphical content with text is a persistent challenge. In this paper, we present InkAnchor, a digital ink editor that allows users to easily create ink-based notes by finger drawing and writing on a mobile phone touchscreen. InkAnchor incorporates flexible anchoring, focus-plus-context input, content chunking, and lightweight editing mechanisms to support the capture of informal notes and annotations. We describe the design and evaluation of InkAnchor through a series of user studies, which revealed that the integrated support enabled by InkAnchor is a significant improvement over current mobile note taking applications on a range of mobile note-taking tasks.	InkAnchor: enhancing informal ink-based note taking on touchscreen mobile phones	NA:NA:NA	2014
Graham Wilson:Thomas Carter:Sriram Subramanian:Stephen A. Brewster	Ultrasonic haptic feedback is a promising means of providing tactile sensations in mid-air without encumbering the user with an actuator. However, controlled and rigorous HCI research is needed to understand the basic characteristics of perception of this new feedback medium, and so how best to utilise ultrasonic haptics in an interface. This paper describes two experiments conducted into two fundamental aspects of ultrasonic haptic perception: 1) localisation of a static point and 2) the perception of motion. Understanding these would provide insight into 1) the spatial resolution of an ultrasonic interface and 2) what forms of feedback give the most convincing illusion of movement. Results show an average localisation error of 8.5mm, with higher error along the longitudinal axis. Convincing sensations of motion were produced when travelling longer distances, using longer stimulus durations and stimulating multiple points along the trajectory. Guidelines for feedback design are given.	Perception of ultrasonic haptic feedback on the hand: localisation and apparent motion	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
John Zimmerman	NA	Session details: Quantified self	NA	2014
Eun Kyoung Choe:Nicole B. Lee:Bongshin Lee:Wanda Pratt:Julie A. Kientz	Researchers have studied how people use self-tracking technologies and discovered a long list of barriers including lack of time and motivation as well as difficulty in data integration and interpretation. Despite the barriers, an increasing number of Quantified-Selfers diligently track many kinds of data about themselves, and some of them share their best practices and mistakes through Meetup talks, blogging, and conferences. In this work, we aim to gain insights from these "extreme users," who have used existing technologies and built their own workarounds to overcome different barriers. We conducted a qualitative and quantitative analysis of 52 video recordings of Quantified Self Meetup talks to understand what they did, how they did it, and what they learned. We highlight several common pitfalls to self-tracking, including tracking too many things, not tracking triggers and context, and insufficient scientific rigor. We identify future research efforts that could help make progress toward addressing these pitfalls. We also discuss how our findings can have broad implications in designing and developing self-tracking technologies.	Understanding quantified-selfers' practices in collecting and exploring personal data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Amy Jang:Diana L. MacLean:Jeffrey Heer	Thousands of people use the Internet to discuss pain symptoms. While communication between patients and physicians involves both verbal and physical interactions, online discussions of symptoms typically comprise text only. We present BodyDiagrams, an online interface for expressing symptoms via drawings and text. BodyDiagrams augment textual descriptions with pain diagrams drawn over a reference body and annotated with severity and temporal metadata. The resulting diagrams can easily be shared to solicit feedback and advice. We also conduct a two-phase user study to assess BodyDiagrams' communicative efficacy. In the first phase, users describe pain symptoms using BodyDiagrams and a text-only interface; in the second phase, medical professionals evaluate these descriptions. We find that patients are significantly more confident that their BodyDiagrams will be correctly interpreted, while medical professionals rated BodyDiagrams as significantly more informative than text descriptions. Both groups indicated a preference for using diagrams to communicate physical symptoms in the future.	BodyDiagrams: improving communication of pain symptoms through drawing	NA:NA:NA	2014
John Rooksby:Mattias Rost:Alistair Morrison:Matthew Chalmers	This paper characterises the use of activity trackers as "lived informatics". This characterisation is contrasted with other discussions of personal informatics and the quantified self. The paper reports an interview study with activity tracker users. The study found: people do not logically organise, but interweave various activity trackers, sometimes with ostensibly the same functionality; that tracking is often social and collaborative rather than personal; that there are different styles of tracking, including goal driven tracking and documentary tracking; and that tracking information is often used and interpreted with reference to daily or short term goals and decision making. We suggest there will be difficulties in personal informatics if we ignore the way that personal tracking is enmeshed with everyday life and people's outlook on their future.	Personal tracking as lived informatics	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Elaine Huang	NA	Session details: Sustainability perspectives	NA	2014
Oliver Bates:Mike Hazas:Adrian Friday:Janine Morley:Adrian K. Clear	To date, research in sustainable HCI has dealt with eco-feedback, usage and recycling of appliances within the home, and longevity of portable electronics such as mobile phones. However, there seems to be less awareness of the energy and greenhouse emissions impacts of domestic consumer electronics and information technology. Such awareness is needed to inform HCI sustainability researchers on how best to prioritise efforts around digital media and IT. Grounded in inventories, interview and plug energy data from 33 undergraduate student participants, our findings provide the context for assessing approaches to reducing the energy and carbon emissions of media and IT in the home. In the paper, we use the findings to discuss and inform more fruitful directions that sustainable HCI research might take, and we quantify how various strategies might have modified the energy and emissions impacts for our participants.	Towards an holistic view of the energy and environmental impacts of domestic media and IT	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Margot Brereton:Paul Roe:Ronald Schroeter:Anita Lee Hong	This paper explores an emerging paradigm for HCI design research based primarily upon engagement, reciprocity and doing. Much HCI research begins with an investigatory and analytic ethnographic approach before translating to design. Design may come much later in the process and may never benefit the community that is researched. However in many settings it is difficult for researchers to access the privileged ethnographer position of observer and investigator. Moreover rapid ethnographic research often does not seem the best or most appropriate course of action. We draw upon a project working with a remote Australian Aboriginal community to illustrate an alternative approach in Indigenous research, where the notion of reciprocity is first and foremost. We argue that this can lead to sustainable designs, valid research and profound innovation.	Beyond ethnography: engagement and reciprocity as foundations for design research out here	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Krzysztof Gajos	NA	Session details: Navigating video	NA	2014
Abir Al-Hajri:Gregor Miller:Matthew Fong:Sidney S. Fels	We present an investigation of two different visualizations of video history: Video Timeline and Video Tiles. Video Timeline extends the commonly employed list-based visualization for navigation history by applying size to indicate heuristics and occupying the full screen with a two-sided timeline. Video Tiles visualizes history items in a grid-based layout by following pre-defined templates based on items' heuristics and ordering, utilizing screen space more effectively at the expense of a clearer temporal location. The visualizations are compared against the state-of-the-art method (a filmstrip-based visualization), with ten participants tasked with sharing their previously-seen affective intervals. Our study shows that our visualizations are perceived as intuitive and both outperform and are strongly preferred to the current method. Based on these results, Video Timeline and Video Tiles provide an effective addition to video viewers to help manage the growing quantity of video. They provide users with insight into their navigation patterns, allowing them to quickly find previously-seen intervals, leading to efficient clip sharing, simpler authoring and video summarization.	Visualization of personal history for video navigation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Seth E. Hunter:Pattie Maes:Anthony Tang:Kori M. Inkpen:Susan M. Hessey	We present the design, and evaluation of WaaZam, a video mediated communication system designed to support creative play in customized environments. Users can interact together in virtual environments composed of digital assets layered in 3D space. The goal of the project is to support creative play and increase social engagement during video sessions of geographically separated families. We try to understand the value of customization for individual families with children ages 6-12. We present interviews with creativity experts, a pilot study and a formal evaluation of families playing together in four conditions: separate windows, merged windows, digital play sets, and customized digital environments. We found that playing in the same video space enables new activities and increases social engagement for families. Customization allows families to modify scenes for their needs and support more creative play activities that embody the imagination of the child.	WaaZam!: supporting creative play at a distance in customized video environments	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Dustin Freeman:Stephanie Santosa:Fanny Chevalier:Ravin Balakrishnan:Karan Singh	Video authoring activity typically consists of three phases: planning (pre-production), capture (production) and processing (post-production). The status quo is that these phases occur separately, and the latter two have a significant amount of "slack time", where the camera operator is watching the scene unfold during capture, and the editor is re-watching and navigating through recorded footage during post-production. While this process is well suited to creating polished or professional video, video clips produced by casual video makers as seen in online forums could benefit from some editing without the overhead of current authoring tools. We introduce LACES, a tablet-based system enabling simple video manipulations in the midst of filming. Seamless in-situ integration of video capture and manipulation forms a novel workflow, allowing greater spontaneity and exploration of video creation.	LACES: live authoring through compositing and editing of streaming video	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Barnaby Craggs:Myles Kilgallon Scott:Jason Alexander	During online search, the user's expectations often differ from those of the author. This is known as the "intention gap" and is particularly problematic when searching for and discriminating between online video content. An author uses description and meta-data tags to label their content, but often cannot predict alternate interpretations or appropriations of their work. To address this intention gap, we present ThumbReels, a concept for query-sensitive video previews generated from crowdsourced, temporally defined semantic tagging. Further, we supply an open-source tool that supports on-the-fly temporal tagging of videos, whose output can be used for later search queries. A first user study validates the tool and concept. We then present a second study that shows participants found ThumbReels to better represent search terms than contemporary preview techniques.	ThumbReels: query sensitive web video previews based on temporal, crowdsourced, semantic tagging	NA:NA:NA	2014
James Nicholson:Mark Huber:Daniel Jackson:Patrick Olivier	We present an evaluation of Panopticon, a video surrogate system, as an online eLearning support search tool for finding information within video lectures. A comparison was made with a standard video player (YouTube) in two scenarios with two classes of users: revision students and independent learners. Results showed that users of Panopticon were significantly faster at finding information within the lecture videos than users of the YouTube player. It was also found that videos predominantly featuring a talking lecturer took longest to navigate, presenting design implications for lectures to be uploaded to open eLearning platforms.	Panopticon as an eLearning support search tool	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Lilly Irani	NA	Session details: Crowds and creativity	NA	2014
Lixiu Yu:Aniket Kittur:Robert E. Kraut	Seeking solutions from one domain to solve problems in another is an effective process of innovation. This process of analogy searching is difficult for both humans and machines. In this paper, we present a novel approach for re-presenting a problem in terms of its abstract structure, and then allowing people to use this structural representation to find analogies. We propose a crowdsourcing process that helps people navigate a large dataset to find analogies. Through two experiments, we show the benefits of using abstract structural representations to search for ideas that are analogous to a source problem, and that these analogies result in better solutions than alternative approaches. This work provides a useful method for finding analogies, and can streamline innovation for both novices and professional designers.	Searching for analogical ideas with crowds	NA:NA:NA	2014
Zhenpeng Zhao:Sriram Karthik Badam:Senthil Chandrasegaran:Deok Gun Park:Niklas L.E. Elmqvist:Lorraine Kisselburgh:Karthik Ramani	We present skWiki, a web application framework for collaborative creativity in digital multimedia projects, including text, hand-drawn sketches, and photographs. skWiki overcomes common drawbacks of existing wiki software by providing a rich viewer/editor architecture for all media types that is integrated into the web browser itself, thus avoiding dependence on client-side editors. Instead of files, skWiki uses the concept of paths as trajectories of persistent state over time. This model has intrinsic support for collaborative editing, including cloning, branching, and merging paths edited by multiple contributors. We demonstrate skWiki's utility using a qualitative, sketching-based user study.	skWiki: a multimedia sketching system for collaborative creativity	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Lixiu Yu:Aniket Kittur:Robert E. Kraut	Harnessing crowds can be a powerful mechanism for increasing innovation. However, current approaches to crowd innovation rely on large numbers of contributors generating ideas independently in an unstructured way. We introduce a new approach called distributed analogical idea generation, which aims to make idea generation more effective and less reliant on chance. Drawing from the literature in cognitive science on analogy and schema induction, our approach decomposes the creative process in a structured way amenable to using crowds. In three experiments we show that distributed analogical idea generation leads to better ideas than example-based approaches, and investigate the conditions under which crowds generate good schemas and ideas. Our results have implications for improving creativity and building systems for distributed crowd innovation.	Distributed analogical idea generation: inventing with crowds	NA:NA:NA	2014
Lydia B. Chilton:Juho Kim:Paul André:Felicia Cordeiro:James A. Landay:Daniel S. Weld:Steven P. Dow:Robert C. Miller:Haoqi Zhang	Organizing conference sessions around themes improves the experience for attendees. However, the session creation process can be difficult and time-consuming due to the amount of expertise and effort required to consider alternative paper groupings. We present a collaborative web application called Frenzy to draw on the efforts and knowledge of an entire program committee. Frenzy comprises (a) interfaces to support large numbers of experts working collectively to create sessions, and (b) a two-stage process that decomposes the session-creation problem into meta-data elicitation and global constraint satisfaction. Meta-data elicitation involves a large group of experts working simultaneously, while global constraint satisfaction involves a smaller group that uses the meta-data to form sessions. We evaluated Frenzy with 48 people during a deployment at the CSCW 2014 program committee meeting. The session making process was much faster than the traditional process, taking 88 minutes instead of a full day. We found that meta-data elicitation was useful for session creation. Moreover, the sessions created by Frenzy were the basis of the CSCW 2014 schedule.	Frenzy: collaborative data organization for creating conference sessions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jennifer Golbeck	NA	Session details: Interacting with the web	NA	2014
Edward Benson:David R. Karger	End-users are accustomed to filtering and browsing styled collections of data on professional web sites, but they have few ways to create and publish such information architectures for themselves. This paper presents a full-lifecycle analysis of the Exhibit framework - an end-user tool which provides such functionality - to understand the needs, capabilities, and practices of this class of users. We include interviews, as well as analysis of over 1,800 visualizations and 200,000 web interactions with these visualizations. Our analysis reveals important findings about this user population which generalize to the task of providing better end-user structured content publication tools.	End-users publishing structured information on the web: an observational study of what, why, and how	NA:NA	2014
Mirjam Seckler:Silvia Heinz:Javier A. Bargas-Avila:Klaus Opwis:Alexandre N. Tuch	This study reports a controlled eye tracking experiment (N = 65) that shows the combined effectiveness of 20 guidelines to improve interactive online forms when applied to forms found on real company websites. Results indicate that improved web forms lead to faster completion times, fewer form submission trials, and fewer eye movements. Data from subjective questionnaires and interviews further show increased user satisfaction. Overall, our findings highlight the importance for web designers to improve their web forms using UX guidelines.	Designing usable web forms: empirical evaluation of web form improvement guidelines	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Pawitra Chiravirakul:Stephen J. Payne	Search engines typically return so many results that choosing from the list might be predicted to suffer from the effects of "choice overload". Preliminary work has reported just such an effect [12]. In this paper a series of three experiments was conducted to investigate the choice overload effect in search engine use. Participants were given search tasks and presented with either six or twenty-four returns to choose from. The results revealed that the choice behaviour was strongly influenced by the ranking of returns, and that choice satisfaction was affected by the number of options and the decision time. The main results, from the third experiment, showed that large sets of options yielded a positive effect on participants' satisfaction when they made a decision without time limit. When time was more strongly constrained, choices from small sets led to relatively higher satisfaction. Our studies show how user satisfaction with found information can be affected by processing strategies that are influenced by search engine design features.	Choice overload in search engine use?	NA:NA	2014
Mark Blythe	NA	Session details: Music, dance, and television	NA	2014
Michaela Hoare:Steve Benford:Rachel Jones:Natasa Milic-Frayling	HCI is increasingly interested in amateurism, but the wider literature suggests that the amateur is a complex and distinctive phenomenon. An interview study reveals the nature of the amateur in the digital age. Even though operating non-professionally at a micro-scale, amateur musicians employ a plethora of online services to sustain local fanbases, reach out to new fans, collaborate internationally, and actively promote both digital and material products. Our findings lead to recommendations for event-oriented promotion tools; community-oriented analytics; tangible and embedded products; and limited-edition digital experiences. We conclude that HCI needs to recognise the amateur as an important class of user, one who is serious about their leisure, and who is also distinct from the professional as from the novice and hobbyist.	Coming in from the margins: amateur musicians in the online age	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Louise Barkhuus:Arvid Engström:Goranka Zoric	Interactive mobile technologies have become part of audience experiences of live performances in terms of both general media sharing and specific (sometimes official) extra content. At the same time, high bandwidth affords streaming of live events to mobile devices. We take advantage of these technologies in our high resolution, panoramic image video stream and study a scenario of audience members viewing the very same live event they are watching on a tablet. The video stream on the tablet is navigational and enables audience members to pan and zoom in the real-time video feed. We studied audience interaction and impressions in three performances of a dance and music show and found distinct uses of the second screen video stream. We emphasize that despite initial reluctance, the observed utilization of the technology opened up for new potential practices. Our study shows how working with perceived conflict in technology can still open up design space for interactive technologies.	Watching the footwork: second screen interaction at a dance and music performance	NA:NA:NA	2014
William A. Hamilton:Oliver Garretson:Andruid Kerne	Previously, video streaming sites were at the fringes of online social media. In the past two years, live streams of video games, on sites such as Twitch.tv, have become very popular. Live streams serve as meeting grounds for player communities. The Twitch streaming medium combines broadcast video with open IRC chat channels. In conjunction with gameplay, viewer participation and community building gain emphasis. Twitch streams range in size and nature, from intimate communities with fifty viewers, to massive broadcasts with tens of thousands. In this paper, we present an ethnographic investigation of the live streaming of video games on Twitch. We find that Twitch streams act as virtual third places, in which informal communities emerge, socialize, and participate. Over time, stream communities form around shared identities drawn from streams? contents and participants? shared experiences. We describe processes through which stream communities form, the motivations of members, and emergent issues in the medium. Finally, we draw from our findings to derive implications for design of live mixed-media environments to support participatory online communities.	Streaming on twitch: fostering participatory communities of play within live mixed media	NA:NA:NA	2014
Oskar Juhlin:Arvid Engström:Elin Önnevall	Pro-Am live video producers broadcast events on a regular basis. They are here selected for an ethnographic study since their continuous content generation can teach us something of what it takes for amateurs, who currently struggle with mastering the video medium, to become proficient producers. We learn from media theory that Pro-Ams are distinguished from professionals in terms of inherent skills and identities, and have therefore focused on these characteristics. We add to this research by showing on-going challenges that the former face in their production, i.e. how their learning practices, such as learning through instructions, are situated and related to particular settings. Learning and development of skills were done as organizations, rather than as individuals. Furthermore, the recurrent nature of both events and broadcasts appears to be an important condition for establishing the terms needed to carry out a production, and to learn the skills of a producer. This understanding may explain in part why accounts in previous research, of single users struggling with the affordances of live video, point to such difficulties in mastering the medium. The findings guide design to better support activities contiguous with the set-up of the production, rather than the broadcast per se.	Long tail TV revisited: from ordinary camera phone use to pro-am video production	NA:NA:NA	2014
m.c. schraefel	NA	Session details: Social media and health	NA	2014
Aron Culotta	Understanding the relationships among environment, behavior, and health is a core concern of public health researchers. While a number of recent studies have investigated the use of social media to track infectious diseases such as influenza, little work has been done to determine if other health concerns can be inferred. In this paper, we present a large-scale study of 27 health-related statistics, including obesity, health insurance coverage, access to healthy foods, and teen birth rates. We perform a linguistic analysis of the Twitter activity in the top 100 most populous counties in the U.S., and find a significant correlation with 6 of the 27 health statistics. When compared to traditional models based on demographic variables alone, we find that augmenting models with Twitter-derived information improves predictive accuracy for 20 of 27 statistics, suggesting that this new methodology can complement existing approaches.	Estimating county health statistics with twitter	NA	2014
Elizabeth L. Murnane:Scott Counts	Analysis of smokers' posts and behaviors on Twitter reveals factors impacting abstinence and relapse during cessation attempts. Combining automatic and crowdsourced techniques, we detect users trying to quit smoking and analyze tweet and network data from a sample of 653 individuals over a two-year window of quitting. Guided by theory and practice, we derive behavioral, social, and emotional measures to compare users who abstain and relapse. We also examine the cessation process, demonstrating that Twitter can help chronicle how some people go about quitting. Among other results, we show that those who fail in their smoking cessation are far heavier posters and use relatively less positive language, while those who succeed are more social in both network ties and in directed communication. We conclude with insights on how intelligent intervention systems can harness these signals to provide tailored behavior change support.	Unraveling abstinence and relapse: smoking cessation reflected in social media	NA:NA	2014
Jina Huh:Wanda Pratt	Many patients visit online health communities to receive support. In face-to-face support groups, health professionals facilitate peer-patients exchanging experience while adding their clinical expertise when necessary. However, the large scale of online health communities makes it challenging for such health professional moderators' involvement to happen. To address this challenge of delivering clinical expertise to where patients need them, we explore the idea of semi-automatically providing clinical expertise in online health communities. We interviewed 14 clinicians showing them example peer-patient conversation threads. From the interviews, we examined the ideal practice of clinicians providing expertise to patients. The clinicians continuously assessed when peer-patients were providing appropriate support, what kinds of clinical help they could give online, and when to defer to patients' healthcare providers. The findings inform requirements for building a semi-automated system delivering clinical expertise in online health communities.	Weaving clinical expertise in online health communities	NA:NA	2014
Munmun De Choudhury:Meredith Ringel Morris:Ryen W. White	Search engines and social media are two of the most com-monly used online services; in this paper, we examine how users appropriate these platforms for online health activi-ties via both large-scale log analysis and a survey of 210 people. While users often turn to search engines to learn about serious or highly stigmatic conditions, a surprising amount of sensitive health information is also sought and shared via social media, in our case the public social plat-form Twitter. We contrast what health content people seek via search engines vs. share on social media, as well as why they choose a particular platform for online health activi-ties. We reflect on the implications of our results for design-ing search engines, social media, and social search tools that better support people's health information seeking and sharing needs.	Seeking and sharing health information online: comparing search engines and social media	NA:NA:NA	2014
Nadir Weibel	NA	Session details: On and above the surface	NA	2014
David Kim:Shahram Izadi:Jakub Dostal:Christoph Rhemann:Cem Keskin:Christopher Zach:Jamie Shotton:Timothy Large:Steven Bathiche:Matthias Nießner:D. Alex Butler:Sean Fanello:Vivek Pradeep	We present RetroDepth, a new vision-based system for accurately sensing the 3D silhouettes of hands, styluses, and other objects, as they interact on and above physical surfaces. Our setup is simple, cheap, and easily reproducible, comprising of two infrared cameras, diffuse infrared LEDs, and any off-the-shelf retro-reflective material. The retro-reflector aids image segmentation, creating a strong contrast between the surface and any object in proximity. A new highly efficient stereo matching algorithm precisely estimates the 3D contours of interacting objects and the retro-reflective surfaces. A novel pipeline enables 3D finger, hand and object tracking, as well as gesture recognition, purely using these 3D contours. We demonstrate high-precision sensing, allowing robust disambiguation between a finger or stylus touching, pressing or interacting above the surface. This allows many interactive scenarios that seamlessly mix together freehand 3D interactions with touch, pressure and stylus input. As shown, these rich modalities of input are enabled on and above any retro-reflective surface, including custom "physical widgets" fabricated by users. We compare our system with Kinect and Leap Motion, and conclude with limitations and future work.	RetroDepth: 3D silhouette sensing for high-precision input on and above physical surfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Mayank Goel:Brendan Lee:Md. Tanvir Islam Aumi:Shwetak Patel:Gaetano Borriello:Stacie Hibino:Bo Begole	We present SurfaceLink, a system where users can make natural surface gestures to control association and information transfer among a set of devices that are placed on a mutually shared surface (e.g., a table). SurfaceLink uses a combination of on-device accelerometers, vibration motors, speakers and microphones (and, optionally, an off-device contact microphone for greater sensitivity) to sense gestures performed on the shared surface. In a controlled evaluation with 10 participants, SurfaceLink detected the presence of devices on the same surface with 97.7% accuracy, their relative arrangement with 89.4% accuracy, and various single- and multi-touch surface gestures with an average accuracy of 90.3%. A usability analysis showed that SurfaceLink has advantages over current multi-device interaction techniques in a number of situations.	SurfaceLink: using inertial and acoustic sensing to enable multi-device interaction on a surface	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Ye Pan:William Steptoe:Anthony Steed	We report on two experiments that investigate the influence of display type and viewing angle on how people place their trust during avatar-mediated interaction. By monitoring advice seeking behavior, our first experiment demonstrates that if participants observe an avatar at an oblique viewing angle on a flat display, they are less able to discriminate between expert and non-expert advice than if they observe the avatar face-on. We then introduce a novel spherical display and a ray-traced rendering technique that can display an avatar that can be seen correctly from any viewing direction. We expect that a spherical display has advantages over a flat display because it better supports non-verbal cues, particularly gaze direction, since it presents a clear and undistorted viewing aspect at all angles. Our second experiment compares the spherical display to a flat display. Whilst participants can discriminate expert advice regardless of display, a negative bias towards the flat screen emerges at oblique viewing angles. This result emphasizes the ability of the spherical display to be viewed qualitatively similarly from all angles. Together the experiments demonstrate how trust can be altered depending on how one views the avatar.	Comparing flat and spherical displays in a trust scenario in avatar-mediated interaction	NA:NA:NA	2014
Nan-Wei Gong:Jürgen Steimle:Simon Olberding:Steve Hodges:Nicholas Edward Gillian:Yoshihiro Kawahara:Joseph A. Paradiso	We present a multimodal on-surface and near-surface sensing technique for planar, curved and flexible surfaces. Our technique leverages temporal multiplexing of signals coming from a universal interdigitated electrode design, which is printed as a single conductive layer on a flexible substrate. It supports sensing of touch and proximity input, and moreover is capable of capturing several levels of pressure and flexing. We leverage recent developments in conductive inkjet printing as a way to prototype electrode patterns, and combine this with our hardware module for supporting the full range of sensing methods. As the technique is low-cost and easy to implement, it is particularly well-suited for prototyping touch- and hover-based user interfaces, including curved and deformable ones.	PrintSense: a versatile sensing technique to support multimodal flexible surface interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Ricardo Jota:Pedro Lopes:Daniel Wigdor:Joaquim Jorge	Large-scale touch surfaces have been widely studied in literature and adopted for public installations such as interactive billboards. However, current designs do not take into consideration that touching the interactive surface at different heights is not the same; for body-height displays, the bottom portion of the screen is within easier reach of the foot than the hand. We explore the design space of foot input on vertical surfaces, and propose three distinct interaction modalities: hand, foot tapping, and foot gesturing. Our design exploration pays particular attention to areas of the touch surface that were previously overlooked: out of hand's reach and close to the floor. We instantiate our design space with a working prototype of an interactive surface, in which we are able to distinguish between finger and foot tapping and extend the input area beyond the bottom of the display to support foot gestures.	Let's kick it: how to stop wasting the bottom third of your large screen display	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Andreas Butz	NA	Session details: Interactive whiteboards and public displays	NA	2014
Jörg Müller:Dieter Eberle:Konrad Tollmar	We present Communiplay, a public display media space. People passing by see their own contour mirrored on a public display and can start to play with virtual objects. At the same time, they see others playing at remote displays within the same virtual space. We are interested whether people would use such a public display media space, and if so, how and why. We evaluate Communiplay in a field study in six connected locations and find a remote honey-pot effect, i.e. people interacting at one location attract people at other locations. The conversion rate (percentage of passers-by starting to interact) rose by +136% when people saw others playing at remote locations. We also provide the first quantification of the (local) honey-pot effect (in our case it raised the conversion rate by +604% when people saw others playing at the same location). We conclude that the integration of multiple public displays into a media space is a promising direction for public displays and can make them more attractive and valuable.	Communiplay: a field study of a public display mediaspace	NA:NA:NA	2014
Claude Fortin:Carman Neustaedter:Kate Hennessy	The next decade is likely to see a shift in digital public displays moving from non-interactive to interactive content. This will likely create a need for digital bulletin boards and for a better understanding of how such displays should be designed to encourage community members to interact with them. Our study addresses this by exploring community bulletin boards as a ubiquitous type of participatory non-digital display "in the wild". Our results highlight how they are used for content of local and contextual relevance, and how cultures of participation, personalization, location, the tangible character of architecture, access, control and flexibility might affect community members' level of engagement with them. Our analysis suggests entry points as design considerations intrinsically linked to the users' sense of agency within a delineated space. Overlaps with related work are identified throughout to provide further validation of previous findings in this area of research.	Posting for community and culture: considerations for the design of interactive digital bulletin boards	NA:NA:NA	2014
Miriam Greis:Florian Alt:Niels Henze:Nemanja Memarovic	Public displays have advanced from isolated and non interactive "ad" displays which show images and videos to displays that are networked, interactive, and open to a wide variety of content and applications. Prior work has shown large potential of user-generated content on public displays. However, one of the problems with user-generated content on public displays is moderation as content may be explicit or troublesome for a particular location. In this work we explore the expectations of users with regard to content moderation on public displays. An online survey revealed that people not only think that display content should be moderated but also that a delay of up to 10 minutes is acceptable if display content is moderated. In a subsequent in the wild deployment we compared different moderation delays. We found that a moderation delay significantly decreases the number of user-generated posts while at the same time there is no significant effect on users' decision to repeatedly post on the display.	I can wait a minute: uncovering the optimal delay time for pre-moderated user-generated content on public displays	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Wendy Ju	NA	Session details: Human-robot interaction	NA	2014
Allison Sauppé:Bilge Mutlu	Robotic products are envisioned to offer rich interactions in a range of environments. While their specific roles will vary across applications, these products will draw on fundamental building blocks of interaction, such as greeting people, narrating information, providing instructions, and asking and answering questions. In this paper, we explore how such building blocks might serve as interaction design patterns that enable design exploration and prototyping for human-robot interaction. To construct a pattern library, we observed human interactions across different scenarios and identified seven patterns, such as question-answer pairs. We then designed and implemented Interaction Blocks, a visual authoring environment that enabled prototyping of robot interactions using these patterns. Design sessions with designers and developers demonstrated the promise of using a pattern language for designing robot interactions, confirmed the usability of our authoring environment, and provided insights into future research on tools for human-robot interaction design.	Design patterns for exploring and prototyping human-robot interactions	NA:NA	2014
André Pereira:Rui Prada:Ana Paiva	Humans have a tendency to consider media devices as social beings. Social agents and artificial opponents can be examined as one instance of this effect. With today's technology it is already possible to create artificial agents that are perceived as socially present. In this paper, we start by identifying the factors that influence perceptions of social presence in human-agent interactions. By taking these factors into account and by following previously defined guidelines for building socially present artificial opponents, a case study was created in which a social robot plays the Risk board game against three human players. An experiment was performed to ascertain whether the agent created in this case study is perceived as socially present. The experiment suggested that by following the guidelines for creating socially present artificial board game opponents, the perceived social presence of users towards the artificial agent improves.	Improving social presence in human-agent interaction	NA:NA:NA	2014
Manja Lohse:Reinier Rothuis:Jorge Gallego-Pérez:Daphne E. Karreman:Vanessa Evers	Gestures are important non-verbal signals in human communication. Research with virtual agents and robots has started to add to the scientific knowledge about gestures but many questions with respect to the use of gestures in human-computer interaction are still open. This paper investigates the influence of robot gestures on the users' perceived workload and task performance (i.e. information recall) in a direction-giving task. We conducted a 2 x 2 (robot gestures vs. no robot gestures x easy vs. difficult task) experiment. The results indicate that robot gestures increased user performance and decreased perceived workload in the difficult task but not in the easy task. Thus, robot gestures are a promising means to improve human-robot interaction particularly in challenging tasks.	Robot gestures make difficult tasks easier: the impact of gestures on perceived workload and task performance	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jonathan Bidwell:Alexandra Holloway:Scott Davidoff	Many tasks call for efficient user interaction under time delay-controlling space instruments, piloting remote aircraft and operating search and rescue robots. In this paper we identify an underexplored design opportunity for building robotic teleoperation user interfaces following an evaluation of operator performance during a time-delayed robotic arm block-stacking task in twenty-two participants. More delay resulted in greater operator hesitation and a decreased ratio of active to inactive input. This ratio can serve as a useful proxy for measuring an operator's ability to anticipate the outcome of their control inputs before receiving delayed visual feedback. High anticipatory input ratio (AIR) scores indicate times when robot operators enter commands before waiting for visual feedback. Low AIR scores highlight when operators must wait for visual feedback before continuing. We used this measurement to help us identify particular sub-tasks where operators would likely benefit from additional support.	Measuring operator anticipatory inputs in response to time-delay for teleoperated human-robot interfaces	NA:NA:NA	2014
Hee Rin Lee:Selma Šabanovic:Erik Stolterman	In recent years, HCI researchers have increased their focus on studying the power relationships between researchers and users, and developing methodologies for eliciting design ideas that are sensitive to existing epistemic hierarchies in technology design. The differential value given to expert versus lay knowledge is a central factor in these debates. We apply Artifact Analysis, developed to help designers handle the complexity of digital artifacts, as a method to explore how experts and non-experts understand and frame robots, a technology characterized by significant complexity. Our results show that both non-expert users and expert researchers have knowledge that is significant to future robot development, but they focus on different aspects of the technology - users address mediated and interaction complexity while researchers focus on internal and external complexity. We also found that robots function as boundary objects between experts and users, and suggest that one task designers can perform is to "stay on the boundary" and mediate between the different ways in which experts and non-experts frame emerging technology to develop designs that benefit from insights from both user and researcher perspectives.	Stay on the boundary: artifact analysis exploring researcher and user framing of robot design	NA:NA:NA	2014
Lorrie Cranor	NA	Session details: Emergency response	NA	2014
Amro Al-Akkad:Leonardo Ramirez:Alexander Boden:Dave Randall:Andreas Zimmermann	We present the design and evaluation of a lightweight mobile S.O.S. system that facilitates ad-hoc communication between first responders and victims in emergency situations. Our approach leverages established protocols and standards in unforeseen ways to provide a platform supporting the creation of short-lived communication links. The system comprises two mobile applications: one victim application that allows the broadcasting of distress signals by a novel use of Wi-Fi SSIDs; and a responder application that allows first responders to discover and trace the people broadcasting the signals. The main difference of our system with other platforms enabling communication in crisis situations is that our system is independent from existing network infrastructure and runs on off-the-shelf, commercially available smartphones. We describe the results of our evaluation process in the context of both a design evaluation during a real-world emergency response exercise and of two user workshops in preparation for an upcoming large-scale exercise.	Help beacons: design and evaluation of an ad-hoc lightweight s.o.s. system for smartphones	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Alex Leavitt:Joshua A. Clark	This paper uses the case of Hurricane Sandy and reddit's topical community (subreddit) /r/sandy to examine the production and curation of news content around events on a social news site. Through qualitative analysis, we provide a coded topology of produced content and describe how types of networked gatekeeping impact the framing of a crisis situation. This study also examines, through quantitative modeling, what kind of information becomes negotiated and voted as relevant. We suggest that highly scored content shared in a social news setting focused more on human-interest media and perspective-based citizen journalism than professional news reports. We conclude by discussing how the mechanisms of social news sites conflict with the social norms and culture of reddit to produce differing expectations around news.	Upvoting hurricane Sandy: event-based news production processes on a social news site	NA:NA	2014
Amanda L. Hughes:Lise A. A. St. Denis:Leysia Palen:Kenneth M. Anderson	Social media and other online communication tools are a subject of great interest in mass emergency response. Members of the public are turning to these solutions to seek and offer emergency information. Emergency responders are working to determine what social media policies should be in terms of their "public information" functions. We report on the online communications from all the coastal fire and police departments within a 100 mile radius of Hurricane Sandy's US landfall. Across four types of online communication media, we collected data from 840 fire and police departments. Findings indicate that few departments used these online channels in their Sandy response efforts, and that communications differed between fire and police departments and across media type. However, among the highly engaged departments, there is evidence that they bend and adapt policies about what constitutes appropriate public communication in the face of emergency demands; therefore, we propose that flexibility is important in considering future emergency online communication policy. We conclude with design recommendations for making online communication media more "listenable" for both emergency managers and members of the public.	Online public communications by police & fire services during the 2012 Hurricane Sandy	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Matthias Betz:Volker Wulf	Finding and rescuing missing or injured people or fighting fire inside burning buildings is a central challenge for fire brigades. To ensure the safety of indoor work, monitoring the operations of firefighting units is crucial. As in most countries, firefighters in Germany utilize radio sets to establish voice communication between indoor operating units and the supervisory structure outside. Based on findings from a long term ethnographic study in cooperation with different German fire brigades over a time span of more than 5 years we analyzed the advantages and disadvantages of the current voice over radio communication tactics and techniques. We designed and evaluated a complementary text based communication device the EMERGENCY-MESSENGER to support the time critical work of indoor units working under harsh conditions, wearing Self-Contained-Breathing-Apparatus (SCBA). We conducted 13 full scale training missions including extensive debriefings to design and evaluate the communication concept and the corresponding device.	EmergencyMessenger: a text based communication concept for indoor firefighting	NA:NA	2014
Jeffrey Bigham	NA	Session details: Sensemaking and information in use	NA	2014
Joshua M. Hailpern:Bernardo A. Huberman	Information overload is a systemic problem for knowledge workers in enterprise. For a long time, information was scarce and therefore valuable. While, the explosion of digital information has made information plentiful, time to read and process that content is now scarce. This problem is only exacerbated by our increased mobility, and the expectation to be "on top" of the continuous barrage of documents while on the go. Knowledge workers in enterprise need solutions that are designed with quick methods for finding what to read in a large collection of documents (e.g. financial reports, legal documents, news), and ways of presenting it within small visual real estate. Unlike reviews, document collections are long, more varied, and context is extremely important. In response, we present Odin, a mobile web-based window onto a user's document corpus. Rather than performing corpus summarization, Odin users can quickly find opinions and documents that are Aligned or Divergent from the corpus' consensus, or those that are the most Relevant given the overall corpus' of opinions. Odin presents this information through a simple and intuitive mobile interface. To the authors' knowledge, this is the first UI/system (and support algorithm) to allow mobile users to place documents and their opinions in context through alignment rather than raw word count or sentiment. Positive results from two evaluations are also presented.	Odin: contextual document opinions on the go	NA:NA	2014
Marian Dörk:Rob Comber:Martyn Dade-Robertson	Monadic exploration is a new approach to interacting with relational information spaces that challenges the distinction between the whole and its parts. Building on the work of sociologists Gabriel Tarde and Bruno Latour we turn to the concept of the monad as a useful lens on online communities and collections that expands the possibility for creating meaning in their navigation. While existing interfaces tend to emphasize either the structure of the whole or details of a part, monadic exploration brings these opposing perspectives closer together in continuous movements between partially overlapping points of view. We present a visualization that reflects a given node's relative position within a network using radial displacements and visual folding. To investigate the potential of monadic exploration we report on an iterative design process of a web-based visualization of a highly cross-referenced book and its six-month deployment.	Monadic exploration: seeing the whole through its parts	NA:NA:NA	2014
Zhen Yue:Eden Litt:Carrie J. Cai:Jeff Stern:Kathy K. Baxter:Zhiwei Guan:Nikhil Sharma:Guangqiang (George) Zhang	The Experience Sampling Method (ESM) enables researchers to capture information about participants' experiences in the moment. Adding an end-of-day retrospective survey also allows participants to elaborate on those experiences. Although the use of photos in retrospective interviews and surveys for memory elicitation is well known, little research has investigated the use of photos in ESM studies. As smartphone adoption increases facilitating ESM studies and making photo sharing easier, researchers need to continuously evaluate the method and investigate the role of photos in such studies. We conducted a large-scale ESM and retrospective survey study via Android smartphones with more than 1,000 US participants, and analyzed participants' photo submissions, including how photo use correlated with participants' data quality and what, if any, value photos added for researchers. Our study sheds light on the role of photos in ESM and retrospective studies that researchers can reference when constructing future study designs.	Photographing information needs: the role of photos in experience sampling method-style research	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Markel Vigo:Caroline Jay:Robert Stevens	Ontologies have been employed across scientific and business domains for some time, and the proliferation of linked data means the number and range of potential authors is set to increase significantly. Ontologies using the Web Ontology Language (OWL) are complex artefacts, however: the authoring process requires not only knowledge of the application domain, but also skills in programming and logics. To date, there has been no systematic attempt to understand the effectiveness of existing tools, or explore what users really require to build successful ontologies. Here we address this shortfall, presenting insights from an interview study with 15 ontology authors. We identify the problems reported by authors, and the strategies they employ to solve them. We map the data to a set of design recommendations, which describe how tools of the future can support ontology authoring. A key challenge is dealing with information overload: improving the user's ability to navigate, populate and debug large ontologies will revolutionise the engineering process, and open ontology authoring up to a new generation of users.	Design insights for the next wave ontology authoring tools	NA:NA:NA	2014
Maoyuan Sun:Lauren Bradel:Chris L. North:Naren Ramakrishnan	Visual exploration of relationships within large, textual datasets is an important aid for human sensemaking. By understanding computed, structural relationships between entities of different types (e.g., people and locations), users can leverage domain expertise and intuition to determine the importance and relevance of these relationships for tasks, such as intelligence analysis. Biclusters are a potentially desirable method to facilitate this, because they reveal coordinated relationships that can represent meaningful relationships. Bixplorer, a visual analytics prototype, supports interactive exploration of textual datasets in a spatial workspace with biclusters. In this paper, we present results of a study that analyzes how users interact with biclusters to solve an intelligence analysis problem using Bixplorer. We found that biclusters played four principal roles in the analytical process: an effective starting point for analysis, a revealer of two levels of connections, an indicator of potentially important entities, and a useful label for clusters of organized information.	The role of interactive biclusters in sensemaking	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Shengdong Zhao	NA	Session details: Presentation technologies	NA	2014
Xiang Li:Jun Rekimoto	In most cases, speeches or presentations at an international event are required to be given in a common language (e.g. English). However, for people who are not proficient in that common language, delivering presentations fluently is very difficult. Simultaneous translation seems to be a solution, but besides its high cost, simultaneous translation undermines the nature of the presentation by substituting the real voice of the lecturer as well as his/her emotions. In this paper, we propose "SmartVoice", a presentation support system, which aims to overcome language barriers. By tracking the lip motion of the lecturer, SmartVoice controls the playback of the narration, which is a sound data prepared in advance or created automatically using a voice synthesizer. SmartVoice also controls the intonation of the sound based on the position and shape of the lecturer's mouth. As the lecturer can talk at his/her own pace with the voice automatically following, it appears as if he/she talks in his/her own voice. In our user evaluation, we confirmed that audiences find it difficult to distinguish between the narration generated by SmartVoice and that by a real voice. We also discuss the possibility of applying SmartVoice to fields other than multi-language presentation support, such as Automated Dialogue Replacement and language study.	SmartVoice: a presentation support system for overcoming the language barrier	NA:NA	2014
Ha Trinh:Koji Yatani:Darren Edge	Rehearsal is a critical component of preparing to give an oral presentation, yet it is frequently abbreviated, performed in ways that are inefficient or ineffective, or simply omitted. We conducted an exploratory study to understand the relationship between the theory and practice of presentation rehearsal, classifying our qualitative results into five themes to motivate more structured rehearsal support deeply integrated in slide presentation software. In a within-subject study (N=12) comparing against participants' existing rehearsal practices, we found that our resulting PitchPerfect system significantly improved overall presentation quality and content coverage as well as provided greater support for content mastery, time management, and confidence building.	PitchPerfect: integrated rehearsal environment for structured presentation preparation	NA:NA:NA	2014
Pei-Yu Chi:Bongshin Lee:Steven M. Drucker	Showing a live software demonstration during a talk can be engaging, but it is often not easy: presenters may struggle with (or worry about) unexpected software crashes and encounter issues such as mismatched screen resolutions or faulty network connectivity. Furthermore, it can be difficult to recall the steps to show while talking and operating the system all at the same time. An alternative is to present with pre-recorded screencast videos. It is, however, challenging to precisely match the narration to the video when using existing video players. We introduce DemoWiz, a video presentation system that provides an increased awareness of upcoming actions through glanceable visualizations. DemoWiz supports better control of timing by overlaying visual cues and enabling lightweight editing. A user study shows that our design significantly improves the presenters' perceived ease of narration and timing compared to a system without visualizations that was similar to a standard playback control. Furthermore, nine (out of ten) participants preferred DemoWiz over the standard playback control with the last expressing no preference.	DemoWiz: re-performing software demonstrations for a live presentation	NA:NA:NA	2014
Larissa Pschetz:Koji Yatani:Darren Edge	Once upon a time, people told stories unencumbered by slides. What modern presentations gain through visual slide support, however, is often at the expense of storytelling. We present TurningPoint, a probe to investigate the potential use of narrative-driven talk planning in slideware. Our study of TurningPoint reveals a delicate balance between narrative templates focusing author attention in ways that save time, and fixating attention in ways that limit experimentation.	TurningPoint: narrative-driven presentation planning	NA:NA:NA	2014
Jina Huh	NA	Session details: Personal health and wellbeing	NA	2014
Anirudha Joshi:Mandar Rane:Debjani Roy:Nagraj Emmadi:Padma Srinivasan:N. Kumarasamy:Sanjay Pujari:Davidson Solomon:Rashmi Rodrigues:D.G. Saple:Kamalika Sen:Els Veldeman:Romain Rutten	We developed an interactive voice response (IVR) system called TAMA (Treatment Advice by Mobile Alerts) that provides treatment support to people living with HIV / AIDS (PLHA) in developing countries, who are on antiret-roviral therapy (ART). We deployed TAMA with 54 PLHA in 5 HIV clinics in India for a period of 12 weeks. During the study, we gathered feedback about TAMA's design and usage. Additionally, we conducted detailed qualitative interviews and analysed usage logs. We found that TAMA was usable and viable in the real life settings of PLHA and it had many desirable effects on their treatment adherence. We developed insights that inform the design of TAMA and some of these can be generalised to design of other long-term, frequent-use IVR applications for users in developing countries in the healthcare domain and beyond.	Supporting treatment of people living with HIV / AIDS in resource limited settings with IVRs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Deana Brown:Victoria Ayo:Rebecca E. Grinter	Women comprise nearly half of the immigrant population worldwide and are susceptible to a wider range of health challenges compared to immigrant men. We present the findings of four participatory design sessions with immigrant women from the Caribbean to identify health and wellness challenges they faced and to conceptualize technologies to help them manage these issues. Stress, dietary challenges (specifically obesity), mental health, and domestic abuse, as identified by the women, form the focal themes for the design sessions. Their design approaches emphasized rebuilding the support structure, reducing stressors through entertainment and relaxation and encouraging positive gradational lifestyle changes. In conceiving health and wellness technologies for immigrant women, our work highlights opportunities for HCI to consider the role of others (and who benefits) and to reflect on the role of design and the underlying values and themes designs encompass. Finally, we emphasize how the technologies conceived by these women support rather than replace social solutions to the health and wellness challenges faced by these and other immigrant women.	Reflection through design: immigrant women's self-reflection on managing health and wellness	NA:NA:NA	2014
Oliver L. Haimson:Jed R. Brubaker:Gillian R. Hayes	The HIV/AIDS crisis of the 1980s fundamentally changed sexual practices of men who have sex with men (MSM) in the U.S., including increased usage of sexual health-related (SHR) language in personal advertisements. Analyzing online personal ads from Craigslist, we found a substantial increase in SHR language, from ~23% in 1988 to over 53% today, echoing continuing concern about rising HIV rates. We argue that SHR language in Craigslist ads can be used as a sensor to provide insight into HIV epidemiology as well as discourse among particular communities. We show a positive significant relationship between prevalence rate of HIV in an ad's location and use of SHR language in that location. Analysis highlights the opportunity for SHR information found in Craigslist personal ads to serve as a data source for HIV prevention research. More broadly, we argue for mining large-scale user-generated content to inform HCI design of health and other systems, and explore use of such data to examine temporal changes in language to facilitate improved user-interface design.	DDFSeeks same: sexual health-related language in online personal ads for men who have sex with men	NA:NA:NA	2014
Tatiana A. Vlahovic:Yi-Chia Wang:Robert E. Kraut:John M. Levine	Research suggests that online health support benefits chronically ill users. Their satisfaction might be an indicator that they perceive group interactions as beneficial and a precursor to group commitment. We examined whether receiving emotional and informational support is satisfying in its own right, or whether satisfaction depends on matches between what users sought and what they received. Two studies collected judgments in a breast cancer support community of support users sought, support they received, and their expressed satisfaction. While receiving emotional or informational support in general positively predicted satisfaction, users expressed less satisfaction when they sought informational support but received emotional support. There was also a tendency for users to express more satisfaction when they sought and received informational support. On the other hand, users were equally satisfied with emotional and informational support after seeking emotional support. Implications for membership commitment and interventions in online support groups are discussed.	Support matching and satisfaction in an online breast cancer support community	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Steve Harrison	NA	Session details: Design theory	NA	2014
Peter Dalsgaard:Christian Dindler	We present the notion of "bridging concepts" as a particular form of intermediary knowledge in HCI research, residing between theory and practice. We argue that bridging concepts address the challenge of facilitating exchange between theory and practice in HCI, and we compare it to other intermediary forms of knowledge such as strong concepts and conceptual constructs. We propose that bridging concepts have three defining constituents: a theoretical foundation, a set of design articulations and a range of exemplars that demonstrate the scope and potential of their application. These constituents specify how bridging concepts, as a form of knowledge, are accountable to both theory and practice. We present an analysis of the concept of "peepholes" as an example of a bridging concept aimed at spurring user curiosity and engagement.	Between theory and practice: bridging concepts in HCI research	NA:NA	2014
Colin M. Gray	There has been increasing interest in the adoption of UX within corporate environments, and what competencies translate into effective UX design. This paper addresses the space between pedagogy and UX practice through the lens of competence, with the goal of understanding how students are initiated into the practice community, how their perception of competence shifts over time, and what factors influence this shift. A 12-week longitudinal data collection, including surveys and interviews, documents this shift, with participants beginning internships and full-time positions in UX. Students and early professionals were asked to assess their level of competence and factors that influenced competence. A co-construction of identity between the designer and their environment is proposed, with a variety of factors relating to tool and representational knowledge, complexity, and corporate culture influencing perceptions of competence in UX over time. Opportunities for future research, particularly in building an understanding of competency in UX based on this preliminary framing of early UX practice are addressed.	Evolution of design competence in UX practice	NA	2014
Adam Darlow:Gideon Goldin:Steven Sloman	In this paper we present two design guidelines, causal order and continuity, to be used as rules of thumb for designing intuitive interactions based on principles of causal reasoning. We propose that designing interactions to behave like real-world systems of cause and effect makes them more intuitive. Using these basic principles avoids the limitations inherent to specific metaphors. In three experiments, participants solved puzzles using variations of a novel graphical interface. Participants using interfaces that were consistent with the causal guidelines consistently solved the puzzle faster than participants using inconsistent interfaces. We also discuss common interactions already consistent with the causal guidelines as well as areas where the guidelines are likely to apply successfully. The causal order guidelines provide specific utility while also demonstrating how principles of causal psychology can be applied to help interface designers better convey the functionality of their interfaces.	Causal interactions	NA:NA:NA	2014
Lene Nielsen:Kira Storgaard Hansen	The persona method is gaining widespread use and support. Many researchers have reported from single cases and novel domains how they have used the method. Few have conducted literature studies in order to identify and discuss the different understandings of the method. Fewer still have reported on ethnographic studies of practice. This paper falls within the last category, reporting on a study on how practitioners in Denmark use the method, and their perceptions of benefits and challenges when using the method. Finally, different casts of personas obtained from the involved companies are analyzed. The findings are compared to reported studies of practice. Contrary to the existing findings the study reports that the method is well integrated into existing practices.	Personas is applicable: a study on the use of personas in Denmark	NA:NA	2014
Kent Lyons	NA	Session details: Novel keyboards	NA	2014
Haimo Zhang:Yang Li	Stroke gestures are intuitive and efficient but often require gesture-capable input hardware such as a touchscreen. In this paper, we present GestKeyboard, a novel technique for gesturing over an ordinary, unmodified physical keyboard that remains the major input modality for existing desktop and laptop computers. We discuss an exploratory study for understanding the design space of gesturing on a physical keyboard and our algorithms for detecting gestures in a modeless way, without interfering with the keyboard's major functionality such as text entry and shortcuts activation. We explored various features for detecting gestures from a keyboard event stream. Our experiment based on the data collected from 10 participants indicated it is feasible to reliably detect gestures from normal keyboard use, 95% detection accuracy within a maximum latency of 200ms.	GestKeyboard: enabling gesture-based interaction on ordinary physical keyboard	NA:NA	2014
Hao Lü:James A. Fogarty:Yang Li	Gesture-based interactions have become an essential part of the modern user interface. However, it remains challenging for developers to create gestures for their applications. This paper studies unistroke gestures, an important category of gestures defined by their single-stroke trajectories. We present Gesture Script, a tool for creating unistroke gesture recognizers. Gesture Script enhances example-based learning with interactive declarative guidance through rendering scripts and interactively trained parts. The structural information from the rendering scripts allows Gesture Script to synthesize gesture variations and generate a more accurate recognizer that also automatically extracts gesture attributes needed by applications. The results of our study with developers show that Gesture Script preserves the threshold of familiar example based gesture tools, while raising the ceiling of the recognizers created in such tools.	Gesture script: recognizing gestures and their structure using rendering scripts and interactively trained parts	NA:NA:NA	2014
Stuart Taylor:Cem Keskin:Otmar Hilliges:Shahram Izadi:John Helmes	We present a new type of augmented mechanical keyboard, capable of sensing rich and expressive motion gestures performed both on and directly above the device. Our hardware comprises of low-resolution matrix of infrared (IR) proximity sensors interspersed between the keys of a regular mechanical keyboard. This results in coarse but high frame-rate motion data. We extend a machine learning algorithm, traditionally used for static classification only, to robustly support dynamic, temporal gestures. We propose the use of motion signatures a technique that utilizes pairs of motion history images and a random forest based classifier to robustly recognize a large set of motion gestures on and directly above the keyboard. Our technique achieves a mean per-frame classification accuracy of 75.6% in leave-one-subject-out and 89.9% in half-test/half-training cross-validation. We detail our hardware and gesture recognition algorithm, provide performance and accuracy numbers, and demonstrate a large set of gestures designed to be performed with our device. We conclude with qualitative feedback from users, discussion of limitations and areas for future work.	Type-hover-swipe in 96 bytes: a motion sensing mechanical keyboard	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Hugo Nicolau:Kyle Montague:Tiago Guerreiro:João Guerreiro:Vicki L. Hanson	Braille has paved its way into mobile touchscreen devices, providing faster text input for blind people. This advantage comes at the cost of accuracy, as chord typing over a flat surface has proven to be highly error prone. A misplaced finger on the screen translates into a different or unrecognized character. However, the chord itself gathers information that can be leveraged to improve input performance. We present B#, a novel correction system for multitouch Braille input that uses chords as the atomic unit of information rather than characters. Experimental results on data collected from 11 blind people revealed that B# is effective in correcting errors at character-level, thus providing opportunities for instant corrections of unrecognized chords; and at word-level, where it outperforms a popular spellchecker by providing correct suggestions for 72% of incorrect words (against 38%). We finish with implications for designing chord-based correction system and avenues for future work.	B#: chord-based correction for multitouch braille input	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Luis A. Leiva:Germán Sanchis-Trilles	In text entry experiments, memorability is a desired property of the phrases used as stimuli. Unfortunately, to date there is no automated method to achieve this effect. As a result, researchers have to use either manually curated English-only phrase sets or sampling procedures that do not guarantee phrases being memorable. In response to this need, we present a novel sampling method based on two core ideas: a multiple regression model over language-independent features, and the statistical analysis of the corpus from which phrases will be drawn. Our results show that researchers can finally use a method to successfully curate their own stimuli targeting potentially any language or domain. The source code as well as our phrase sets are publicly available.	Representatively memorable: sampling the right phrase set to get the text entry experiment right	NA:NA	2014
Kasper Hornbaek	NA	Session details: DIY and hacking	NA	2014
Jie Qi:Leah Buechley	The field of new methods and techniques for building electronics is quickly growing - from research in new materials for circuit building, to modular toolkits, and more recently to untoolkits, which aim to incorporate more off-the-shelf parts. However, the standard mediums for circuit design and construction remain the breadboard, protoboard, and printed circuit board (PCB). As an alternative, we introduce a method in which circuits are hand-made on ordinary paper substrates, connected with conductive foil tape and off-the-shelf circuit components with the aim of supporting the durability, scalability, and accessibility needs of novice and expert circuit builders alike. We also used electrified notebooks to investigate how the circuit design and build process would be affected by the constraints and affordances of the bound book. Our ideas and techniques were evaluated through a series of workshops, through which we found our methods supported a wide variety of approaches and results - both technical and expressive - to electronics design and construction.	Sketching in circuits: designing and building electronics on paper	NA:NA	2014
David A. Mellis:Leah Buechley	This paper describes our do-it-yourself cellphone and our use of it to investigate the possibilities and limits of high-tech DIY practice. We describe our autobiographical approach -- making the phone and using it in our daily lives -- and our work disseminating the cellphone in workshops and online. This informs a discussion of the implications of technology for DIY practice. We suggest an understanding of DIY as an individual's ability to combine existing technologies into a desired product, enabled and limited by ecosystems of industrial actors and individuals. We distinguish different pathways into high-tech DIY practice, consider the relationship between prototyping and production, and discuss the effect of technology on DIY's relevance and tools, and on notions of transparency. We conclude by reflecting on the relationship between DIY and empowerment: the extent to which making devices gives people control over the technology in their lives.	Do-it-yourself cellphones: an investigation into the possibilities and limits of high-tech diy	NA:NA	2014
Yoshio Ishiguro:Ivan Poupyrev	We propose technology for designing and manufacturing interactive 3D printed speakers. With the proposed technology, sound reproduction can easily be integrated into vari-ous objects at the design stage and little assembly is required. The speaker can take the shape of anything from an abstract spiral to a rubber duck, opening new opportunities in product design. Furthermore, both audible sound and inaudible ultrasound can be produced with the same design, allowing for identifying and tracking 3D printed objects in space using common integrated microphones. The design of 3D printed speakers is based on electrostatic loudspeaker technology first explored in the early 1930s but not broadly applied until now. These speakers are simpler than common electromagnetic speakers, while allowing for sound reproduction at 60 dB levels with arbitrary directivity ranging from focused to omnidirectional. Our research of 3D printed speakers contributes to the growing body of work exploring functional 3D printing in interactive applications.	3D printed interactive speakers	NA:NA	2014
Steve Hodges:Nicolas Villar:Nicholas Chen:Tushar Chugh:Jie Qi:Diana Nowacka:Yoshihiro Kawahara	We present a novel approach to the construction of electronic prototypes which can support a variety of interactive devices. Our technique, which we call circuit stickers, involves adhering physical interface elements such as LEDs, sounders, buttons and sensors onto a cheap and easy-to-make substrate which provides electrical connectivity. This assembly may include control electronics and a battery for standalone operation, or it can be interfaced to a microcontroller or PC. In this paper we illustrate different points in the design space and demonstrate the technical feasibility of our approach. We have found circuit stickers to be versatile and low-cost, supporting quick and easy construction of physically flexible interactive prototypes. Building extra copies of a device is straightforward. We believe this technology has potential for design exploration, research proto-typing, education and for hobbyist projects.	Circuit stickers: peel-and-stick construction of interactive electronic prototypes	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Duncan Brumby	NA	Session details: User models and prediction	NA	2014
Max Nicosia:Antti Oulasvirta:Per Ola Kristensson	This paper studies how users perceive their own performance in two alternative user interfaces. We extend methodology from psychophysics to the study of interactive performance and conduct two experiments in order to create a model of users' perception of their own performance. In our studies, two interfaces are sequentially used in a pointing task, and users are asked to rate in which interface their performance was higher. We first differentiate the effects of objective performance (speed and accuracy) versus interface qualities (distance between elements and width of elements) on perceived performance. We then derive a model that predicts the amount of change required in an interface for users to reliably detect a difference. The model is useful as a heuristic for predicting if a new interface design is better enough for users to reliably appreciate the obtained gain in user performance. We validate the model via a separate user study, and conclude by discussing how to apply our findings to design problems.	Modeling the perception of user performance	NA:NA:NA	2014
Himanshu Zade:Santosh Arvind Adimoolam:Sai Gollapudi:Anind K. Dey:Venkatesh Choppella	When a user learns to use a new device, her understanding of it evolves. A progressive comparison of the evolving user models towards the device target model, for analysing learning, involves determining the behavioral proximity between them. To quantify the gap between a user model and a target model, we introduce an edit distance metric for measuring their behavioral proximity using a bisimulation-based equivalence relation. We define edit distance to be the minimum number of edges and states with incident edges required to be deleted from and/or added to a user model to make it bisimilar to the target model. We propose an algorithm to compute edit distance between two models and employ the heuristic procedure on experimental data for computing edit distance between target and user models. The data is organised into two experiments depending on the device the user interacted with: (a) a simple device resembling a vending machine and (b) a close to real-world vehicle transmission model. The results validate our proposed metric as edit distance converges with progressive user learning, increases for erroneous learning, and remains unchanged indicating no learning.	Edit distance modulo bisimulation: a quantitative measure to study evolution of user models	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
J. Gregory Trafton:Raj M. Ratwani	Many interfaces have been designed to prevent or reduce errors. These interfaces may, in fact, reduce the error rate of specific error classes, but may also have unintended consequences. In this paper, we show a series of studies where a better interface did not reduce the number of errors but instead shifted errors from one error class (omissions) to another error class (perseverations). We also show that having access to progress tracking (a progress bar) does not reduce the number of errors. We propose and demonstrate a solution -- a predictive error system -- that reduces errors based on the error class, not on the type of interface.	The law of unintended consequences: the case of external subgoal support	NA:NA	2014
Mathieu Nancel:Andy Cockburn	Simple history systems such as Undo and Redo permit retrieval of earlier or later interaction states, but advanced systems allow powerful capabilities to reuse or reapply combinations of commands, states, or data across interaction contexts. Whether simple or powerful, designing interaction history mechanisms is challenging. We begin by reviewing existing history systems and models, observing a lack of tools to assist designers and researchers in specifying, contemplating, combining, and communicating the behaviour of history systems. To resolve this problem, we present CAUSALITY, a conceptual model of interaction history that clarifies the possibilities for temporal interactions. The model includes components for the work artifact (such as the text and formatting of a Word document), the system context (such as the settings and parameters of the user interface), the linear timeline (the commands executed in real time), and the branching chronology (a structure of executed commands and their impact on the artifact and/or context, which may be navigable by the user). We then describe and exemplify how this model can be used to encapsulate existing user interfaces and reveal limitations in their behaviour, and we also show in a conceptual evaluation how the model stimulates the design of new and innovative opportunities for interacting in time.	Causality: a conceptual model of interaction history	NA:NA	2014
Julie Kientz	NA	Session details: Engage and educate children	NA	2014
Jennifer Hyde:Sara Kiesler:Jessica K. Hodgins:Elizabeth J. Carter	Interactive animated characters have the potential to engage and educate children, but there is little research on children's interactions with animated characters and real people. We conducted an experiment with 69 children between the ages of 4 and 10 years to investigate how they might engage in conversation differently if their interactive partner appeared as a cartoon character or as a person. A subset of the participants interacted with characters that displayed exaggerated and damped facial motion. The children completed two conversations with an adult confederate who appeared once as herself through video and once as a cartoon character. We measured how much the children spoke and compared their gaze and gesture patterns. We asked them to rate their conversations and indicate their preferred partner. There was no difference in children's conversation behavior with the cartoon character and the person on video, even among those who preferred the person and when the cartoon exhibited altered motion. These results suggest that children will interact with animated characters as they would another person.	Conversing with children: cartoon and video people elicit similar conversational behaviors	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Yasmeen Hashish:Andrea Bunt:James E. Young	We present an approach to content control where parents and children collaboratively configure restrictions and filters, an approach that focuses on education rather than simple rule setting. We conducted an initial exploratory qualitative study with results highlighting the importance that parents place on avoiding inappropriate content. Building on these findings, we designed an initial prototype which allows parents and children to work together to select appropriate applications, providing an opportunity for parents to educate their children on what is appropriate. A second qualitative study with parents and children in the six to eight year-old age group revealed a favorable response to this approach. Our results suggest that parents felt that this approach helped facilitate discussions with their children and made the education more enjoyable and approachable, and that children may have also learned from the interaction. In addition, the approach provided some parents with insights into their children's interests and understanding of their notions of appropriate and inappropriate content.	Involving children in content control: a collaborative and education-oriented content filtering approach	NA:NA:NA	2014
Anuj Tewari:John Canny	Early literacy is critical to child development, and determines a child's later educational and life opportunities. Moreover, preschool children are incessantly inquisitive, and will readily engage in question answering and asking activities if given the opportunity. We argue here that question asking/answering technologies can play a major role in early literacy. We describe the design and evaluation of a conversational agent called Spot, with the goal of engaging children in a 20-questions game. Towards this goal, we conducted a feasibility study to determine if children's questions are "on-topic" and suitable for ASR/dialogue systems. We evaluated Spot's performance at conducting a game of 20-questions against that of a human partner.	What did spot hide?: a question-answering game for preschool children	NA:NA	2014
Foad Hamidi:Melanie Baljko	Digital games can engage children in therapeutic and learning activities. Incorporating living media in these designs can create feelings of empathy and caring in users. We present, Rafigh, a living media interface designed to motivate children with speech disorders to use their speech to care for a living mushroom colony. The mushrooms' growth is used to communicate how much speech is used during interaction.	Rafigh: a living media interface for speech intervention	NA:NA	2014
Tatiana Gossen:Juliane Höbel:Andreas Nürnberger	In this paper we describe an eye-tracking study where we compare children's and adults' search behavior and perception of search interface elements on search engine results pages (SERPs) during an informational and a navigational search with Google and a search engine for children. Our first results indicate that children employ an exhaustive scanning strategy combined with cued visual jumps. Then they navigate to the next result page and only then modify their query. Adults only scan the first three results, following the F-shaped strategy, and immediately reformulate the query. Children pay less attention to textual summaries and more to thumbnails than adults do. Children take notice of a navigational menu with categories while adults do not.	A comparative study about children's and adults' perception of targeted web search engines	NA:NA:NA	2014
Pierre Dragicevic	NA	Session details: Studying visualization	NA	2014
Basak E. Alper:Nathalie Henry Riche:Tobias Hollerer	Exploring large visualizations that do not fit in the screen raises orientation and navigation challenges. Structuring the space with additional visual references such as grids or contour lines provide spatial landmarks that may help viewers form a mental model of the space. However, previous studies report mixed results regarding their utility. While some evidence showed that grid and other visual embellishments improve memorability, experiments with contour lines suggest otherwise. In this work, we describe an evaluation framework to capture the impact of introducing visual references in node-link diagrams. We present the results of three controlled experiments that deepen our understanding on enriching large visualization spaces with visual structures. In particular, we provide the first tangible evidence that contour lines have significant benefits when navigating large node-link diagrams.	Structuring the space: a study on enriching node-link diagrams with visual references	NA:NA:NA	2014
Giuseppe Carenini:Cristina Conati:Enamul Hoque:Ben Steichen:Dereck Toker:James Enns	There is increasing evidence that the effectiveness of information visualization techniques can be impacted by the particular needs and abilities of each user. This suggests that it is important to investigate information visualization systems that can dynamically adapt to each user. In this paper, we address the question of how to adapt. In particular, we present a study to evaluate a variety of visual prompts, called "interventions", that can be performed on a visualization to help users process it. Our results show that some of the tested interventions perform better than a condition in which no intervention is provided, both in terms of task performance as well as subjective user ratings. We also discuss findings on how intervention effectiveness is influenced by individual differences and task complexity.	Highlighting interventions and user differences: informing adaptive information visualization support	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Darren Edge	NA	Session details: Exploring exergames	NA	2014
Mike Sheinin:Carl Gutwin	Many sports video games contain elements such as running or throwing that are based on real-world physical activities, but the translation of these activities to game controllers means that the original physicality is lost. This results in games where players have limited opportunity to improve their physical skills, where there is little differentiation in people's physical abilities, and where skills do not change over the course of a game. To explore ways of adding these elements back into sports games, we developed two games with small-scale physical controls for running and throwing -- one game was a simple running race, and one was a team-based handball-style game called Jelly Polo. In two studies (three track-and-field tournaments for the running game, and a four-week league for Jelly Polo), we observed the effects of physical controls on gameplay. Our studies showed that the physical controls enabled substantial individual differences in running and passing skill, allowed people to increase their expertise over time, and led to fatigue-based changes in performance during a game. Physical controls increased the games' challenge, complexity, and unpredictability, and dramatically improved player interest, expressiveness, and enjoyment. Our work shows that game designers should consider the idea of "exertion in the small" as a way to improve play experience in games based on physical activities.	Exertion in the small: improving differentiation and expressiveness in sports games with physical controls	NA:NA	2014
Frank X. Chen:Abby C. King:Eric B. Hekler	Exergames, video game systems that require exertion and interaction, have been rising in popularity in the past years. However, research on popular exergames shows mixed health benefits, potentially due to minimal energy expenditure and decreasing use over time. This paper presents a 2x2 experimental study (N = 44), using a popular exergame, where we vary the framing of intention (i.e., "Gameplay" or "Exercise") and feedback (i.e., "Health" or "No health") to explore their single and interactive impacts on perceived exertion, objectively measured energy expenditure, affect, and duration of usage in a single session. Our study showed that participants primed with exercise used the system significantly longer than those primed with game play (M = 49.2 ±2.0 min versus M = 39.3 ±2.0 min). We discuss our results and possible design implications based on our single-session experiment. We conclude with a discussion on the potential impact of focusing on "healthifying" exergames -highlighting an exergames" dual purpose as both a game and exercise - as opposed to gamifying health behaviors.	"healthifying" exergames: improving health outcomes through intentional priming	NA:NA:NA	2014
Taiwoo Park:Uichin Lee:Scott MacKenzie:Miri Moon:Inseok Hwang:Junehwa Song	Exergame controllers are intended to add fun to monotonous exercise. However, studies on exergame controllers mostly focus on designing new controllers and exploring specific application domains without analyzing human factors, such as performance, comfort, and effort. In this paper, we examine the characteristics of a speed-based exergame controller that bear on human factors related to body movement and exercise. Users performed tasks such as changing and maintaining exercise speed for avatar control while their performance was measured. The exergame controller follows Fitts' law, but requires longer movement time than a gamepad and Wiimote. As well, resistance force and target speed affect performance. User experience data confirm that the comfort and mental effort are adequate as practical game controllers. The paper concludes with discussion on applying our findings to practical exergame design.	Human factors of speed-based exergame controllers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Monica Zaczynski:Anthony D. Whitehead	Interactive gaming has demonstrated promise as a low-cost, at-home training and fitness instruction alternative. Gaming systems offer convenience and the ability to provide enhanced reporting and progress data if body measurement information is collected effectively. However, commercially available systems today are designed primarily for entertainment and as a result, the quality of instruction delivery and level of involvement may not meet the needs of a user performing a disciplined activity. This paper will look at adapting for occlusion and lack of visibility; learning and orientation; and providing feedback in an effort to determine if there is an ideal visual demonstration delivery that maximizes pose understanding and user self-efficacy, determine whether supplementary modalities are important for instruction, and determine if there is an ideal feedback delivery that promotes pose comprehension, confidence and motivation. This information can provide a guideline for designing clear and supportive, interactive training systems that can engage users, prevent injury and help maintain fitness.	Establishing design guidelines in interactive exercise gaming: preliminary data from two posing studies	NA:NA	2014
Aisling Kelliher	NA	Session details: Narratives and storytelling	NA	2014
Gavin Wood:John Vines:Madeline Balaam:Nick Taylor:Thomas Smith:Clara Crivellaro:Juliana Mensah:Helen Limon:John Challis:Linda Anderson:Adam Clarke:Peter C. Wright	We detail the design of the Department of Hidden Stories (DoHS), a mobile-based game to support playful digital storytelling among primary school children in public libraries. Through a process of iterative design in collaboration with library staff and children's writers we designed DoHS to support the potential for playful storytelling through interactions with books. A deployment of DoHS with two classes of 8 to 10 years olds as part of their regular library visits revealed insights related to how to balance the expectations of a child-at-play and the requirement to further develop their creative reading and writing skills. Based on our experiences we recommend that designers create playful digitally based activities that encourage children to explore libraries and experience new interactions with physical books.	The department of hidden stories: Playful digital storytelling for children in a public library	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Daniel Andrews:Chris Baber	This paper describes the design and evaluation of a branching comic to compare how readers recall a visual narrative when presented as an interactive, digital program, or as a linear sequence on paper. The layout of the comic is used to visualize this data as heat maps and explore patterns of users' recollections. We describe the theoretical justification for this based upon previous work in narrative visualizations, interactive stories and comics. Having tested the comic with school boys aged 11-12; we saw patterns in the data that complement other research in both interactive stories and visualizations. We argue that the heat maps helped identify these patterns, which have implications for future designs and analyses of interactive visual and/or narrative media.	Visualizing interactive narratives: employing a branching comic to tell a story and show its readings	NA:NA	2014
Jin Huang:Chun Yu:Yuntao Wang:Yuhang Zhao:Siqi Liu:Chou Mo:Jie Liu:Lie Zhang:Yuanchun Shi	Reading is an important aspect of a child's development. Reading outcome is heavily dependent on the level of engagement while reading. In this paper, we present FOCUS, an EEG-augmented reading system which monitors a child's engagement level in real time, and provides contextual BCI training sessions to improve a child's reading engagement. A laboratory experiment was conducted to assess the validity of the system. Results showed that FOCUS could significantly improve engagement in terms of both EEG-based measurement and teachers' subjective measure on the reading outcome.	FOCUS: enhancing children's engagement in reading by using contextual BCI training sessions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Chen Wang:Erik N. Geelhoed:Phil P. Stenton:Pablo Cesar	Psychophysiological measurement has the potential to play an important role in audience research. Currently, such research is still in its infancy and it usually involves collecting data in the laboratory, where during each experimental session one individual watches a video recording of a performance. We extend the experimental paradigm by simultaneously measuring Galvanic Skin Response (GSR) of a group of participants during a live performance. GSR data were synchronized with video footage of performers and audience. In conjunction with questionnaire data, this enabled us to identify a strongly correlated main group of participants, describe the nature of their theatre experience and map out a minute-by-minute unfolding of the performance in terms of psycho-physiological engagement. The benefits of our approach are twofold. It provides a robust and accurate mechanism for assessing a performance. Moreover, our infrastructure can enable, in the future, real-time feedback from remote audiences for online performances.	Sensing a live audience	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Vicki Hanson	NA	Session details: Designing for older adults and demographic change	NA	2014
Shathel Haddad:Joanna McGrenere:Claudia Jacova	This work reports on the design and evaluation of culturally appropriate technology for older adults. Our design context was Cognitive Testing on a Computer (C-TOC): a self-administered computerized test under development, intended to screen older adults for cognitive impairments. Using theory triangulation of cultural attitudes toward uncertainty, we designed two interfaces (one minimal and one rich) for one C-TOC subtest and hypothesized they would be culturally appropriate for older adult Caucasians and East Asians respectively. We ran an experiment with 36 participants to investigate cultural differences in performance, preference and anxiety. We found that Caucasians preferred the interface with minimal elements (i.e. those essential for the primary task) or had no preference. By contrast, East Asians preferred the rich interface augmented with security and learning support and felt less anxious with it than the minimal.	Interface design for older adults with varying cultural attitudes toward uncertainty	NA:NA:NA	2014
Johanna Meurer:Martin Stein:David Randall:Markus Rohde:Volker Wulf	Alternative mobility modes for older adults are increasingly important for economic, ecological and social reasons. A promising option is ridesharing, defined as use of the same vehicle by two or more people traveling to a common destination. In particular, mobile computer supported ridesharing provides a promising way to enlarge older adults' mobility choices in addition to private driving and public transportation options. In order to understand the opportunities and obstacles of ridesharing from the point of view of elderly people, we conducted an interview study in order to examining ridesharing experiences. It turns out that "mobile independence" and "decisional autonomy" are key issues for mobile wellbeing. This partially conflicts with common ridesharing concepts. Hence, we further analyze older adults' strategies dealing with these conflicts and show that these strategies offer departure points for the design ridesharing solutions, which are better suited to the demands of older adults.	Social dependency and mobile autonomy: supporting older adults' mobility with ridesharing ict	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Ingrid Arreola:Zan Morris:Matthew Francisco:Kay Connelly:Kelly Caine:Ginger White	In this paper we describe the design evolution of a novel technology that collects and displays presence information to be used in the homes of older adults. The first two iterations, the Ambient Plant and Presence Clock, were designed for higher socio-economic status (SES) older adults, whereas the Check-In Tree was designed for low SES older adults. We describe how feedback from older adult participants drove our design decisions, and give an in-depth account of how the Check-In Tree evolved from concept to a final design ready for in situ deployment.	From checking on to checking in: designing for low socio-economic status older adults	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Kate Vaisutis:Margot Brereton:Toni Robertson:Frank Vetere:Jeannette Durick:Bjorn Nansen:Laurie Buys	The advent of the Internet of Things creates an interest in how people might interrelate through and with networks of internet enabled objects. With an emphasis on fostering social connection and physical activity among older people, this preliminary study investigated objects that people over the age of 65 years viewed as significant to them. We conducted contextual interviews in people's homes about their significant objects in order to understand the role of the objects in their lives, the extent to which they fostered emotional and social connections and physical activity, and how they might be augmented through internet connection. Discussion of significant objects generated considerable emotion in the participants. We identified objects of comfort and routine, objects that exhibited status, those that fostered independence and connection, and those that symbolized relationships with loved ones. These findings lead us to consider implications for the design of interconnected objects.	Invisible connections: investigating older people's emotions and social relations around objects	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Andrea Parker	NA	Session details: Critical design	NA	2014
Melanie Feinberg:Daniel Carter:Julia Bullard	Structured databases achieve effective searching and sorting by enacting sharply delineated category boundaries around their contents. While this enables precise retrieval, it also distorts identities that exist between category lines. A choice between Single and Married, for example, blurs distinctions within the Single group: single, perhaps, merely because same-sex marriage is not legal in one's locality. Sociologists Susan Leigh Star and Geoffrey Bowker describe such residual states as inevitable byproducts of information systems. To minimize residuality, traditional practice for descriptive metadata seeks to demarcate clear and objective classes. In this study, we use critical design to question this position by creating information collections that foreground the residual, instead of diminishing it. We then interrogate our design experiments with solicited critical responses from invited experts and student designers. Inspired by the anthropologist Tim Ingold, we argue that our experiments illuminate a form of interacting with databases characterized by notions of wayfaring, or inhabiting a space, as opposed to notions of transport, or reaching a known destination. We suggest that the form of coherence that shapes a wayfaring database is enacted through its flow, or fluid integration between structure and content.	Always somewhere, never there: using critical design to understand database interactions	NA:NA:NA	2014
Jeffrey Bardzell:Shaowen Bardzell:Erik Stolterman	Critical Design has emerged as an important concept in HCI research and practice. Yet researchers have noted that its uptake has been limited by certain lacks of intellectual infrastructure theories, methodologies, canons and exemplars, and a community of practice. We argue that one way to create this infrastructure is to cultivate a community adept at reading that is, critically interpreting and making reasoned judgments about critical designs. We propose an approach to developing close readings of critical designs, which are both evidence-based and carefully reasoned. The approach highlights analytical units of analysis, the relevance of design languages and social norms, and the analytical contemplation of critical aspects of a design. It is intended to be relatively easy to learn, to try out, and to teach, in the hopes of inviting more members of the HCI community to engage in this practice. We exemplify the approach with readings of two critical designs and reflect on different ways that a design might serve a critical purpose or offer a critical argument about design, society, and the future.	Reading critical designs: supporting reasoned interpretations of critical design	NA:NA:NA	2014
William T. Odom:Abigail J. Sellen:Richard Banks:David S. Kirk:Tim Regan:Mark Selby:Jodi L. Forlizzi:John Zimmerman	We describe the design, implementation and deployment of Photobox, a domestic technology that prints four or five randomly selected photos from the owner's Flickr collection at random intervals each month. We deployed Photobox in three homes for fourteen months, to explore how the slow pace at which it operates could support experiences of anticipation and re-visitation of the past. Findings reveal changes in attitude toward the device, from frustration to eventual acceptance. Participants drew on the photos to reflect on past life events and reactions indicated a renewed interest for their Flickr collection. Photobox also provoked reflection on technology in and around the home. These findings suggest several opportunities, such as designing for anticipation, better supporting reflection on the past, and, more generally, expanding the slow technology research program within the HCI community.	Designing for slowness, anticipation and re-visitation: a long term field study of the photobox	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Corina Sas:Steve Whittaker:Steven Dow:Jodi Forlizzi:John Zimmerman	A central tenet of HCI is that technology should be user-centric, with designs being based around social science findings about users. Nevertheless a repeated but critical challenge in design is translating empirical findings into actionable ideas that inform design, or generating implications for design. Despite various design methods aiming to bridge this gap, knowledge informing design is still seen as problematic. However there has been little empirical exploration into what design researchers understand by such design knowledge, the functions and principles behind their creation. We report on interviews with twelve expert HCI design researchers probing the roles and types of design implications, and the process of generating and evaluating them. We synthesize different types of design implications into a framework to guide their generation. Our findings identify a broader range than previously described, additional sources and heuristics supporting their development as well some important evaluation criteria. We discuss the value of these findings for interaction design research.	Generating implications for design through design research	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Daniel Vogel	NA	Session details: Understanding and modeling touch	NA	2014
Alexander Ng:Stephen A. Brewster:John H. Williamson	In this paper, we investigate the effects of encumbrance (carrying typical objects such as shopping bags during interaction) and walking on target acquisition on a touchscreen mobile phone. Users often hold objects and use mobile devices at the same time and we examined the impact encumbrance has on one- and two- handed interactions. Three common input postures were evaluated: two-handed index finger, one-handed preferred thumb and two-handed both thumbs, to assess the effects on performance of carrying a bag in each hand while walking. The results showed a significant decrease in targeting performance when users were encumbered. For example, input accuracy dropped to 48.1% for targeting with the index finger when encumbered, while targeting error using the preferred thumb to input was 4.2mm, an increase of 40% compared to unencumbered input. We also introduce a new method to evaluate the user's preferred walking speed when interacting - PWS&I, and suggest future studies should use this to get a more accurate measure of the user's input performance.	Investigating the effects of encumbrance on one- and two- handed interactions with mobile devices	NA:NA:NA	2014
Joanna Bergstrom-Lehtovirta:Antti Oulasvirta	We present a predictive model for the functional area of the thumb on a touchscreen surface: the area of the interface reachable by the thumb of the hand that is holding the device. We derive a quadratic formula by analyzing the kinematics of the gripping hand. Model fit is high for the thumb-motion trajectories of 20 participants. The model predicts the functional area for a given 1) surface size, 2) hand size, and 3) position of the index finger on the back of the device. Designers can use this model to ensure that a user interface is suitable for interaction with the thumb. The model can also be used inversely - that is, to infer the grips assumed by a given user interface layout.	Modeling the functional area of the thumb on mobile touchscreen surfaces	NA:NA	2014
Theophanis Tsandilas:Caroline Appert:Anastasia Bezerianos:David Bonnet	Our goal is to enhance navigation in mobile interfaces with quick command gestures that do not make use of explicit mode-switching actions. TilTouch gestures extend the vocabulary of navigation interfaces by combining motion tilt with directional touch. We consider sixteen directional TilTouch gestures that rely on tilt and touch movements along the four main compass directions. An experiment explores their effectiveness for both one-handed and two-handed use. Results identify the best combinations of TilTouch gestures in terms of performance, motor coordination, and user preferences.	Coordination of tilt and touch in one- and two-handed use	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Mohammad Faizuddin Mohd Noor:Andrew Ramsay:Stephen Hughes:Simon Rogers:John Williamson:Roderick Murray-Smith	We demonstrate that front-of-screen targeting on mobile phones can be predicted from back-of-device grip manipulations. Using simple, low-resolution capacitive touch sensors placed around a standard phone, we outline a machine learning approach to modelling the grip modulation and inferring front-of-screen touch targets. We experimentally demonstrate that grip is a remarkably good predictor of touch, and we can predict touch position 200ms before contact with an accuracy of 18mm.	28 frames later: predicting screen touches from back-of-device grip changes	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Julia Schwarz:Robert Xiao:Jennifer Mankoff:Scott E. Hudson:Chris Harrison	Tablet computers are often called upon to emulate classical pen-and-paper input. However, touchscreens typically lack the means to distinguish between legitimate stylus and finger touches and touches with the palm or other parts of the hand. This forces users to rest their palms elsewhere or hover above the screen, resulting in ergonomic and usability problems. We present a probabilistic touch filtering approach that uses the temporal evolution of touch contacts to reject palms. Our system improves upon previous approaches, reducing accidental palm inputs to 0.016 per pen stroke, while correctly passing 98% of stylus inputs.	Probabilistic palm rejection using spatiotemporal touch features and iterative classification	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Quan Nguyen:Michael Kipp	The translation and rotation of objects with two fingers is a well explored multitouch technique. However, there are some unsolved questions regarding the optimal conditions under which this technique functions best. Does it matter in which direction the movement is oriented? Does parallel or sequential performance of the two operations work best? This study attempts to answer this question using a typical Fitts' Law setup but with varying translation-rotation orientation combinations. The results show that right-oriented movements were faster and easier than left-oriented ones. Movement combinations which went in different directions (translation right, rotation left, and vice versa) were found more tiresome and resulted in more strategy switches compared to equi-directional combinations. Our findings can inform positioning decisions in interaction design and contribute to theoretical adjustments to Fitts' Law.	Orientation matters: efficiency of translation-rotation multitouch tasks	NA:NA	2014
Wolfgang Stuerzlinger	NA	Session details: 3D interaction: modeling and prototyping	NA	2014
Ankit Gupta:Maneesh Agrawala:Brian Curless:Michael Cohen	We present MotionMontage, a system for recording multiple motion takes of a rigid virtual object and compositing them together into a montage. Our system incorporates a Kinect-based performance capture setup that allows animators to create 3D animations by tracking the motion of a rigid physical object and mapping it in realtime onto a virtual object. The animator then temporally annotates the best parts of each take. MotionMontage merges the annotated motions into a single composite montage using a combination of dynamic time warping and optimization of a Semi-Markov Conditional Random Field. Our system also supports the creation of layered animations in which multiple objects are moving at the same time. To aid the animator in coordinating the motions of the objects we provide spatial markers which indicate the positions of previously recorded objects at user-specified points in time. We perform a user study to evaluate the perceived quality of the montages created with our system and find that viewers (including both the original animators and new viewers) generally prefer the animation montage to any individual take.	MotionMontage: a system to annotate and combine motion takes for 3D animations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Hsiang-Ting Chen:Tovi Grossman:Li-Yi Wei:Ryan M. Schmidt:Björn Hartmann:George Fitzmaurice:Maneesh Agrawala	3D modelers often wish to showcase their models for sharing or review purposes. This may consist of generating static viewpoints of the model or authoring animated fly-throughs. Manually creating such views is often tedious and few automatic methods are designed to interactively assist the modelers with the view authoring process. We present a view authoring assistance system that supports the creation of informative view points, view paths, and view surfaces, allowing modelers to author the interactive navigation experience of a model. The key concept of our implementation is to analyze the model's workflow history, to infer important regions of the model and representative viewpoints of those areas. An evaluation indicated that the viewpoints generated by our algorithm are comparable to those manually selected by the modeler. In addition, participants of a user study found our system easy to use and effective for authoring viewpoint summaries.	History assisted view authoring for 3D models	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Nora Broy:Stefan Schneegass:Florian Alt:Albrecht Schmidt	In this paper, we identify design guidelines for stereoscopic 3D (S3D) user interfaces (UIs) and present the MirrorBox and the FrameBox, two UI prototyping tools for S3D displays. As auto-stereoscopy becomes available for the mass market we believe the design of S3D UIs for devices, for example, mobile phones, public displays, or car dashboards, will rapidly gain importance. A benefit of such UIs is that they can group and structure information in a way that makes them easily perceivable for the user. For example, important information can be shown in front of less important information. This paper identifies core requirements for designing S3D UIs and derives concrete guidelines. The requirements also serve as a basis for two depth layout tools we built with the aim to overcome limitations of traditional prototyping when sketching S3D UIs. We evaluated the tools with usability experts and compared them to traditional paper prototyping.	FrameBox and MirrorBox: tools and guidelines to support designers in prototyping interfaces for 3D displays	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Michaël Ortega:Thomas Vincent	We present ACCD, an interaction technique that allows direct drawing of long curves on 3D shapes with a tablet display over both multiple depth layers and multiple viewpoints. ACCD reduces the number of explicit viewpoint manipulations by combining self-occlusion management and automated camera control. As such it enables drawing on occluded faces but also around a 3D shape while keeping a constant drawing precision. Our experimental results indicates the efficacy of ACCD over conventional techniques.	Direct drawing on 3D shapes with automated camera control	NA:NA	2014
Neel S. Joshi:Dan Morris:Michael F. Cohen	Movie directors and cinematographers impart style onto video using techniques that are learned through years of experience: camera movement, framing, color, lighting, etc. Without this experience and expensive equipment, it is very difficult to control stylistic aspects of a video. We introduce a novel approach for post-hoc editing of one specific aspect of cinematography -- camera motion style -- via an equalizer-like set of controls that manipulates the power spectra of a video's apparent motion path. We explore free manipulation of apparent camera motion as well as the transfer of motion styles from an example video to a new video to create a wide range of stylistic variations. We report on a user study confirming the ability of non-expert users to create motion styles.	Interactively stylizing camera motion	NA:NA:NA	2014
Jürgen Steimle	NA	Session details: The eyes have it	NA	2014
Tarik Crnovrsanin:Yang Wang:Kwan-Liu Ma	Computers make incredible amounts of information available at our fingertips. As computers become integral parts of our lives, we spend more time staring at computer monitor than ever before, sometimes with negative effects. One major concern is the increasing number of people suffering from Computer Vision Syndrome (CVS). CVS is caused by extensive use of computers, and its symptoms include eye fatigue, frequent headaches, dry eyes, and blurred vision. It is possible to partially alleviate CVS if we can remind users to blink more often. We present a prototype system that uses a camera to monitor a user's blink rate, and when the user has not blinked in a while, the system triggers a blink stimulus. We investigated four different types of eye-blink stimulus: screen blurring, screen flashing, border flashing, and pop-up notifications. Users also rated each stimulus type in terms of effectiveness, intrusiveness, and satisfaction. Results from our user studies show that our stimuli are effective in increasing user blink rate with screen blurring being the best.	Stimulating a blink: reduction of eye fatigue with visual stimulus	NA:NA:NA	2014
Tina Caroline Walber:Ansgar Scherp:Steffen Staab	Manually selecting subsets of photos from large collections in order to present them to friends or colleagues or to print them as photo books can be a tedious task. Today, fully automatic approaches are at hand for supporting users. They make use of pixel information extracted from the images, analyze contextual information such as capture time and focal aperture, or use both to determine a proper subset of photos. However, these approaches miss the most important factor in the photo selection process: the user. The goal of our approach is to consider individual interests. By recording and analyzing gaze information from the user's viewing photo collections, we obtain information on user's interests and use this information in the creation of personal photo selections. In a controlled experiment with 33 participants, we show that the selections can be significantly improved over a baseline approach by up to 22% when taking individual viewing behavior into account. We also obtained significantly better results for photos taken at an event participants were involved in compared with photos from another event.	Smart photo selection: interpret gaze as personal interest	NA:NA:NA	2014
Xianta Jiang:M. Stella Atkins:Geoffrey Tien:Roman Bednarik:Bin Zheng	Pupil size is known to correlate with the changes of cognitive task workloads, but how the pupil responds to requirements of basic goal-directed motor tasks involved in human-machine interactions is not yet clear. This work conducted a user study to investigate the pupil dilations during aiming in a tele-operation setting, with the purpose of better understanding how the changes in task requirements are reflected by the changes of pupil size. The task requirements, managed by Fitts' index of difficulty (ID), i.e. the size and distance apart of the targets, were varied between tasks, and pupil responses to different task IDs were recorded. The results showed that pupil diameter can be employed as an indicator of task requirements in goal-directed movements-higher task difficulty evoked higher valley to peak pupil dilation, and the peak pupil dilation occurred after a longer delay. These findings contribute to the foundation for developing methods to objectively evaluate interactive task requirements using pupil parameters during goal-directed movements in HCI.	Pupil responses during discrete goal-directed movements	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jon May:Tim Gamble	May, Dean and Barnard (2003) used a theoretically based model to argue that objects in a wide range of interfaces should be collocated following screen changes such as a zoom-in to detail. Many existing online maps do not follow this principle, but move a clicked point to the centre of the subsequent display, leaving the user looking at an unrelated location. This paper presents three experiments showing that collocating the point clicked on a map so that the detailed location appears in the place previously occupied by the overview location makes the map easier to use, reducing eye movements and interaction duration. We discuss the benefit of basing design principles on theoretical models so that they can be applied to novel situations, and so designers can infer when to use and not use them.	Collocating interface objects: zooming into maps	NA:NA	2014
Deborah Tatar	NA	Session details: Learning and education	NA	2014
René F. Kizilcec:Kathryn Papadopoulos:Lalida Sritanyaratana	The amount of online educational content is rapidly increasing, particularly in the form of video lectures. The goal is to design video instruction to facilitate an experience that maximizes learning and satisfaction. A widely used but understudied design element in video instruction is the overlay of a small video of the instructor over lecture slides. We conducted an experiment with eye-tracking and recall tests to investigate how adding the instructor's face to video instruction affects information retention, visual attention, and affect. Participants strongly preferred instruction with the face and perceived it as more educational. They spent about 41% of time looking at the face and switched between the face and slide every 3.7 seconds. Consistent with prior work, no significant difference in short- and medium-term recall ability was found. Including the face in video instruction is encouraged based on learners' positive affective response. More fine-grained analytics combining eye-tracking with detailed learning assessment could shed light on the mechanisms by which the face aids or hinders learning.	Showing face in video instruction: effects on information retention, visual attention, and affect	NA:NA:NA	2014
Michelle Lui:Alex C. Kuhn:Alisa Acosta:Chris Quintana:James D. Slotta	Digitally augmented physical spaces (e.g., smart classrooms) offer opportunities to engage students in novel and potentially transformative learning experiences. This paper presents an immersive rainforest simulation and collective inquiry activity where students collect observational data from the environment and explore their peers' data through large visualization displays and personal mobile devices. Two iterations of the design were tested, which resulted in higher quality student explanations constructed. Images were found to be an important source of evidence for the explanations, more so than text-only evidence. We also found that patterns of collective ideas influenced student performance, and that visualizations, as ambient or plenary displays, supported both teacher and students in reviewing patterns of collected data.	Supporting learners in collecting and exploring data from immersive simulations in collective inquiry	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Helena M. Mentis:Amine Chellali:Steven Schwaitzberg	Learning the practices and the performance of physically manipulating instruments in minimally invasive surgeries is an impetus for the development of surgical training simulators. However, an often-overlooked aspect of surgical training is learning how to see the body through the various imaging mechanisms. With this study, we address the ways in which surgeons demonstrate and instruct residents in seeing the body during minimally invasive surgical procedures. Drawing on observations and analysis of video recordings of minimally invasive surgical operations, we examine how particular anatomy and movement within the body to see and conceptualize that anatomy are made visible by the instructive practices of the surgeon. We use these findings to discuss further directions for minimally invasive surgical training through mechanisms for making the body visible during situated surgical training and surgical training simulation systems.	Learning to see the body: supporting instructional practices in laparoscopic surgical procedures	NA:NA:NA	2014
Tia Shelley:Leilah Lyons:Tom Moher:Chandan Dasgupta:Brenda Lopez Silva:Alexandra Silva	The propagation of Inquiry Based Learning has lead to many more elementary students interacting with authentic scientific tools and practices. However, the more problematic realities of scientific data collection, such as noise and large data sets, are often deliberately hidden from students. Students will need to confront these realities and be able to make skillful data scoping decisions in order to make sense of ever more prevalent large datasets. We dub software designed to support these activities Information-Building Applications (IBAs). This paper presents the design considerations that went into building an exemplar IBA, PhotoMAT (Photo Management and Analysis Tool), a brief user study to show how the solutions enacted by following these principles are taken up by actual students, and a discussion of how the design considerations identified by our work might be applied to another IBA.	Information-building applications: designing for data exploration and analysis by elementary school students	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Kori Inkpen	NA	Session details: Telepresence and connecting over video	NA	2014
Hideyuki Nakanishi:Kazuaki Tanaka:Yuya Wada	Since past studies on haptic and visual communication have tended to be isolated from each other, it has remained unclear whether a touch channel can still enrich mediated communication where video and audio channels are already available. To clarify this, we analyzed remote handshaking in which a robot hand that was attached just under a videoconferencing terminal's display moved according to the opening and closing motion of a conversation partner's hand. Combining touch and video channels raises a question as to whether the partner's action of touching a haptic device should be visible to the user. If it can be invisible, the action may be unnecessary, and a unilaterally controlled device may be enough to establish an effective touch channel. Our analysis revealed that the feeling of being close to the partner can be enhanced by mutual touch in which the partner's action needs to occur but should be invisible.	Remote handshaking: touch enhances video-mediated social telepresence	NA:NA:NA	2014
Irene Rae:Bilge Mutlu:Leila Takayama	Robotic telepresence systems - videoconferencing systems that allow a remote user to drive around in another location - provide an alternative to video-mediated communications as a way of interacting over distances. These systems, which are seeing increasing use in business and medical settings, are unique in their ability to grant the remote user the ability to maneuver in a distant location. While this mobility promises increased feelings of "being there" for remote users and thus greater support for task collaboration, whether these promises are borne out, providing benefits in task performance, is unknown. To better understand the role that mobility plays in shaping the remote user's sense of presence and its potential benefits, we conducted a two-by-two (system mobility: stationary vs. mobile; task demands for mobility: low vs. high) controlled laboratory experiment. We asked participants (N=40) to collaborate in a construction task with a confederate via a robotic telepresence system. Our results showed that mobility significantly increased the remote user's feelings of presence, particularly in tasks with high mobility requirements, but decreased task performance. Our findings highlight the positive effects of mobility on feelings of "being there," while illustrating the need to design support for effective use of mobility in high-mobility tasks.	Bodies in motion: mobility, presence, and task awareness in telepresence	NA:NA:NA	2014
Jason Procyk:Carman Neustaedter:Carolyn Pang:Anthony Tang:Tejinder K. Judge	Our research explores the use of mobile video chat in public spaces by people participating in parallel experiences, where both a local and remote person are doing the same activity together at the same time. We prototyped a wearable video chat experience and had pairs of friends and family members participate in 'shared geocaching' over distance. Our results show that video streaming works best for navigation tasks but is more challenging to use for fine-grained searching tasks. Video streaming also creates a very intimate experience with a remote partner, but this can lead to distraction from the 'real world' and even safety concerns. Overall, privacy concerns with streaming from a public space were not typically an issue; however, people tended to rely on assumptions of what were acceptable. The implications are that designers should consider appropriate feedback, user disembodiment, and asymmetry when designing for parallel experiences.	Exploring video streaming in public settings: shared geocaching over distance using mobile video chat	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Ye Pan:Anthony Steed	Gaze, attention, and eye contact are important aspects of face to face communication, but some subtleties can be lost in videoconferencing because participants look at a single planar image of the remote user. We propose a low-cost cylindrical videoconferencing system that preserves gaze direction by providing perspective-correct images for multiple viewpoints around a conference table. We accomplish this by using an array of cameras to capture a remote person, and an array of projectors to present the camera images onto a cylindrical screen. The cylindrical screen reflects each image to a narrow viewing zone. The use of such a situated display allows participants to see the remote person from multiple viewing directions. We compare our system to three alternative display configurations. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our system by showing it allows multiple participants to simultaneously tell where the remote person is placing their gaze.	A gaze-preserving situated multiview telepresence system	NA:NA	2014
Maayan Cohen:Kody R. Dillman:Haley MacLeod:Seth Hunter:Anthony Tang	Children engage in free play for emotional, physical and social development; researchers have explored supporting free play between physically remote playmates using videoconferencing tools. We show that the configuration of the video conferencing setup affects play. Specifically, we show that a shared visual scene configuration promotes fundamentally active forms of engaged, co-operative play.	OneSpace: shared visual scenes for active freeplay	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Sean Munson	NA	Session details: Exergame design	NA	2014
Jayden Garner:Gavin Wood:Sebastiaan Pijnappel:Martin Murer:Florian Mueller	Movement-based digital games typically make it clear whose movement representation belongs to which player. In contrast, we argue that selectively concealing whose movement controls which representation can facilitate engaging play experiences. We call this "innominate movement representation" and explore this opportunity through our game "i-dentity", where players have to guess who makes everyone's controller light up based on his/her movements. Our work reveals five dimensions for the design of innominate movement representation: concealing the association between movement and representation; number of represented movements; number of players with representations; location of representation in relation to the body and technical attributes of representation. We also present five strategies for how innominate representation can be embedded into a play experience. With our work we hope to expand the range of digital movement games.	i-dentity: innominate movement representation as engaging game element	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Florian Mueller:Katherine Isbister	Movement-based digital games are becoming increasingly popular, yet there is limited comprehensive guidance on how to design these games. We present a set of guidelines for movement-based game design that has emerged from our research-based game development practice. These guidelines have been examined and refined by 14 movement-based game design experts with experience in the academic, independent and commercial game development domains. We contextualize the guidelines using current findings about movement-based game and interaction design, taken from both published research papers and game design venues. Our primary contribution is a body of generative intermediate-level knowledge in the design research tradition that is readily accessible and actionable for the design of future movement-based games.	Movement-based game guidelines	NA:NA	2014
Kathrin Maria Gerling:Matthew Miller:Regan L. Mandryk:Max Valentin Birk:Jan David Smeddinck	Game balancing can help players with different skill levels play multiplayer games together; however, little is known about how the balancing approach affects performance, experience, and self-esteem'especially when differences in player strength result from given abilities, rather than learned skill. We explore three balancing approaches in a dance game and show that the explicit approach commonly used in commercial games reduces self-esteem and feelings of relatedness in dyads, whereas hidden balancing improves self-esteem and reduces score differential without affecting game outcome. We apply our results in a second study with dyads where one player had a mobility disability and used a wheelchair. By making motion-based games accessible for people with different physical abilities, and by enabling people with mobility disabilities to compete on a par with able-bodied peers, we show how to provide empowering experiences through enjoyable games that have the potential to increase physical activity and self-esteem.	Effects of balancing for physical abilities on player performance, experience and self-esteem in exergames	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Florian Mueller:Martin R. Gibbs:Frank Vetere:Darren Edge	Advances in sensing technologies have led to research into exertion games that support physically effortful experiences. Despite the existence of theoretical frameworks that can be used to analyze such exertion experiences, there are few tools to support the hands-on practice of exertion game design. To address this, we present a set of design cards based on the "Exertion Framework", grounded in our experience of creating exertion games for over a decade. We present results demonstrating the value and utility of these Exertion Cards based on our studies of their use in three workshops held over seven sessions with 134 design students and experts. We also articulate lessons learned from transforming a theoretical framework into a design tool that aims to support designers in their practice.	Supporting the creative game design process with exertion cards	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Michael Nebeling	NA	Session details: Designing and modeling GUIs	NA	2014
Xiaojun Meng:Shengdong Zhao:Yongfeng Huang:Zhongyuan Zhang:James Eagan:Ramanathan Subramanian	We present the WADE Integrated Development Environment (IDE), which simplifies interface and functionality modification of existing third-party software without access to source code. WADE clones the Graphical User Interface (GUI) of a host program through dynamic-link library (DLL) injection, enabling modifications to (1) the GUI in a WYSIWYG fashion and (2) software functionality. We compare WADE with an alternative state-of-the-art runtime toolkit overloading approach in a user-study, whose results demonstrate that WADE significantly simplifies the task of GUI-based add-on development.	WADE: simplified GUI add-on development for third-party software	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Morgan Dixon:Gierad Laput:James Fogarty	Pixel-based methods offer unique potential for modifying existing interfaces independent of their underlying implementation. Prior work has demonstrated a variety of modifications to existing interfaces, including accessibility enhancements, interface language translation, testing frameworks, and interaction techniques. But pixel-based methods have also been limited in their understanding of the interface and therefore the complexity of modifications they can support. This work examines deeper pixel-level understanding of widgets and the resulting capabilities of pixel-based runtime enhancements. Specifically, we present three new sets of methods: methods for pixel-based modeling of widgets in multiple states, methods for managing the combinatorial complexity that arises in creating a multitude of runtime enhancements, and methods for styling runtime enhancements to preserve consistency with the design of an existing interface. We validate our methods through an implementation of Moscovich et al.'s Sliding Widgets, a novel runtime enhancement that could not have been implemented with prior pixel-based methods.	Pixel-based methods for widget state and style in a runtime implementation of sliding widgets	NA:NA:NA	2014
Joey Scarr:Andy Cockburn:Carl Gutwin:Andrea Bunt:Jared E. Cechanowicz	CommandMaps are a promising interface technique that flattens command hierarchies and exploits human spatial memory to provide rapid access to commands. CommandMaps have performed favorably in constrained cued-selection studies, but have not yet been tested in the context of real tasks. In this paper we present two real-world implementations of CommandMaps: one for Microsoft Word and one for an image editing program called Pinta. We use these as our experimental platforms in two experiments. In the first, we show that CommandMaps demonstrate performance and subjective advantages in a realistic task. In the second, we observe naturalistic use of CommandMaps over the course of a week, and gather qualitative data from interviews, questionnaires, and conversations. Our results provide substantial insight into users' reactions to CommandMaps, showing that they are positively received by users and allowing us to provide concrete recommendations to designers regarding when and how they should be implemented in real applications.	The usability of CommandMaps in realistic tasks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Kyung Wha Hong:Robert St. Amant	This note describes two studies of the use of a performance modeling tool, CogTool, for making recommendations to improve a user interface. The first study replicates findings by Bonnie John [7]: the rates at which novice modelers made correct recommendations (88.1%) and supported them (68.2%) are close to the values in John's study (91.7% and 75.1%, respectively). A follow-on study of novice modelers on the same task without CogTool produced sig-nificantly lower values. CogTool improves the UI design recommendations made by novices.	Novice use of a predictive human performance modeling tool to produce UI recommendations	NA:NA	2014
Jan Balata:Ladislav Cmolik:Zdenek Mikovec	We present an external labeling laid over small and/or overlapping 2D objects as an efficient representation for their selection. The approximation of objects with points allows us to transform the labeling problem to graph layout problem, which we solve by means of force-based algorithm. The input parameters allow us to influence the resulting layout of label boxes (e.g. to adapt their distance for imprecise input devices). In a study with 15 participants two implementations of our algorithm were compared against labeling method, where all label boxes share the same offset from corresponding objects. The results of the study show that implementation using a special functionality (temporary freezing of the label box position recalculation) was 14% faster with a comparable accuracy. The subjective evaluation revealed that the implementation with temporary freezing is perceived as most comfortable, fastest and most accurate. The implementation without temporary freezing showed much higher error rate and cannot be recommended.	On the selection of 2D objects using external labeling	NA:NA:NA	2014
Maria Wolters	NA	Session details: Health and everyday life	NA	2014
Matthew L. Lee:Anind K. Dey	Medication taking is a self-regulatory process that requires individuals to self-monitor their medication taking behaviors, but this can be difficult because medication taking is such a mundane, unremarkable behavior. Ubiquitous sensing systems have the potential to sense everyday behaviors and provide the objective feedback necessary for self-regulation of medication taking. We describe an unobtrusive sensing system consisting of a sensor-augmented pillbox and an ambient display that provides near real-time visual feedback about how well medications are being taken. In contrast to other systems that focus on reminding before medication taking, our approach uses feedback after medication taking to allow the individual to develop their own routines through self-regulation. We evaluated this system in the homes of older adults in a 10-month deployment. Feedback helped improve the consistency of medication-taking behaviors as well as increased ratings of self-efficacy. However, the improved performance did not persist after the feedback display was removed, because individuals had integrated the feedback display into their routines to support their self-awareness, identify mistakes, guide the timing of medication taking, and provide a sense of security that they are taking their medications well. Finally, we reflect on design considerations for feedback systems to support the process of self-regulation of everyday behaviors.	Real-time feedback for improving medication taking	NA:NA	2014
Katarzyna Stawarz:Anna L. Cox:Ann Blandford	Despite the fact that a third of all cases of unintentional medication non-adherence are caused by simple forgetfulness, the majority of interventions neglect this issue. Even though patients have access to smartphone applications ("apps") designed to help them remember medication, neither their quality nor effectiveness has been evaluated yet. We report the findings of a functionality review of 229 medication reminder apps and a thematic analysis of their 1,012 user reviews. Our research highlights the gap between the theory and practice: while the literature shows that many medication regimens are habitual in nature and the presence of daily routines supports remembering, existing apps rely on timer-based reminders. To address this disparity, we present design requirements for building medication reminders that support the routine aspect of medication-taking and its individual nature, and demonstrate how they could be implemented to move from passive alerts to a smarter memory and routine assistant.	Don't forget your pill!: designing effective medication reminder apps that support users' daily routines	NA:NA:NA	2014
Hyewon Suh:John R. Porter:Alexis Hiniker:Julie A. Kientz	The tracking of developmental milestones in young children is an important public health goal for ensuring early detection and treatment for developmental delay. While numerous paper-based and web-based solutions are available for tracking milestones, many busy parents often forget to enter information on a regular basis. To help address this need, we have developed an interactive system called @BabySteps for allowing parents who use Twitter to track and respond to tweets about developmental milestones using a special hashtag syntax. Parent responses are parsed automatically and written into a central database that can be accessed via the web. We deployed @BabySteps with 14 parents over a 3-week period and found that parents were able to learn how to use the system to track their children's progress, with some using it to communicate with other parents. The study helped to identify a number of ways to improve the approach, including simplifying the hashtag syntax, allowing for private responses via direct messaging, and improving the social component. We provide a discussion of lessons learned and suggestions for the design of interactive public health systems.	@BabySteps: design and evaluation of a system for using twitter for tracking children's developmental milestones	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Linh Chi Nguyen:Ellen Yi-Luen Do:Audrey Chia:Yuan Wang:Henry Been-Lirn Duh	This paper presents 'DoDo's Catching Adventure,' a new color vision deficient screening test for young children. Early detection of color blindness among children is useful for parents and teachers to better understand children's needs, to overcome difficulties in learning, and for life and career planning. Unfortunately, current color screening tests are not designed for young children; most require more advanced verbal or cognitive skills. DoDo game has taken a new approach by embedding game elements into a color vision screening test. A user study conducted at Singapore National Eye Centre on twenty-eight children, identified fourteen as Red-Green deficient subjects as did by Ishihara screening test, showed that DoDo was adequately effective in identifying Red-Green color vision deficiency and comparable to two current gold standard colorblind tests, Ishihara and D15.	DoDo game, a color vision deficiency screening test for young children	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Paul Cairns:Pratyush Pandab:Christopher Power	Given the proliferation of devices like infusion pumps in hospitals, number entry and in particular number entry error is an emerging important concern in HCI. There are clearly design features that could greatly improve accuracy in entering numbers but the context of the task could also play an important role. In particular, the emotional state of a person is known to strongly influence their response to a difficult situation and hence the errors that they make. In this paper, we consider the impact of the emotional state of the user on the accuracy with which people enter numbers. Our experiment shows that participants who are in a more positive emotional state are more accurate. The effect is small but could be very important when considering the potentially highly-charged emotional contexts where many healthcare devices are used.	The influence of emotion on number entry errors	NA:NA:NA	2014
Antti Oulasvirta	NA	Session details: Text entry and evaluation	NA	2014
Xiaojun Bi:Tom Ouyang:Shumin Zhai	Correcting erroneous input (i.e., correction) and completing a word based on partial input (i.e., completion) are two important "smart" capabilities of a modern intelligent touchscreen keyboard. However little is known whether these two capabilities are conflicting or compatible with each other in the keyboard parameter tuning. Applying computational optimization methods, this work explores the optimality issues related to them. The work demonstrates that it is possible to simultaneously optimize a keyboard algorithm for both correction and completion. The keyboard simultaneously optimized for both introduces no compromise to correction and only a slight compromise to completion when compared to the keyboards exclusively optimized for one objective. Our research also demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed optimization method in keyboard algorithm design, which is based on the Pareto multi-objective optimization and the Metropolis algorithm. For the development and test datasets used in our experiments, computational optimization improved the correction accuracy rate by 8.3% and completion power by 17.7%.	Both complete and correct?: multi-objective optimization of touchscreen keyboard	NA:NA:NA	2014
Daryl Weir:Henning Pohl:Simon Rogers:Keith Vertanen:Per Ola Kristensson	Users often struggle to enter text accurately on touchscreen keyboards. To address this, we present a flexible decoder for touchscreen text entry that combines probabilistic touch models with a language model. We investigate two different touch models. The first touch model is based on a Gaussian Process regression approach and implicitly models the inherent uncertainty of the touching process. The second touch model allows users to explicitly control the uncertainty via touch pressure. Using the first model we show that the character error rate can be reduced by up to 7% over a baseline method, and by up to 1.3% over a leading commercial keyboard. Using the second model we demonstrate that providing users with control over input certainty reduces the amount of text users have to correct manually and increases the text entry rate.	Uncertain text entry on mobile devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Antonio Krüger	NA	Session details: Emotions and mobiles	NA	2014
Alexander Meschtscherjakov:David Wilfinger:Manfred Tscheligi	This paper addresses the phenomenon of emotional attachments to mobile phones. We introduce the term "mobile attachment" and define it as a bond between a person's self and a mobile phone that varies in strength. Based on a critical reflection of interdisciplinary literature, a conceptual mobile attachment model is developed. Within this model causes, consequences and influencing factors of mobile attachment are exposed and elaborated. We argue that mobile attachment emerges when the mobile phone becomes part of the user's self concept. The link between the user and their mobile phone may be fostered when it empowers, enriches, or gratifies the user's self. Attachment causes lead to "design space determinants" that enable user experience designers to design for mobile attachment. Attachment consequences may be operationalized for user experience evaluation.	Mobile attachment causes and consequences for emotional bonding with mobile phones	NA:NA:NA	2014
Uichin Lee:Joonwon Lee:Minsam Ko:Changhun Lee:Yuhwan Kim:Subin Yang:Koji Yatani:Gahgene Gweon:Kyong-Mee Chung:Junehwa Song	The negative aspects of smartphone overuse on young adults, such as sleep deprivation and attention deficits, are being increasingly recognized recently. This emerging issue motivated us to analyze the usage patterns related to smartphone overuse. We investigate smartphone usage for 95 college students using surveys, logged data, and interviews. We first divide the participants into risk and non-risk groups based on self-reported rating scale for smartphone overuse. We then analyze the usage data to identify between-group usage differences, which ranged from the overall usage patterns to app-specific usage patterns. Compared with the non-risk group, our results show that the risk group has longer usage time per day and different diurnal usage patterns. Also, the risk group users are more susceptible to push notifications, and tend to consume more online content. We characterize the overall relationship between usage features and smartphone overuse using analytic modeling and provide detailed illustrations of problematic usage behaviors based on interview data.	Hooked on smartphones: an exploratory study on smartphone overuse among college students	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Florian Schaub:Julian Seifert:Frank Honold:Michael Müller:Enrico Rukzio:Michael Weber	This paper is the first to assess the impact of touchscreen damage on smartphone interaction. We gathered a dataset consisting of 95 closeup images of damaged smartphones and extensive information about a device's usage history, damage severity, and impact on use. 88% of our participants continued to use their damaged smartphone for at least three months; 32% plan to use it for another year or more, mainly due to high repair and replacement costs. From the dataset, we identified three categories of damaged smartphone displays. Reading and text input were most affected. Further interviews (n=11) revealed that users adapt to damage with diverse coping strategies, closely tailored to specific interaction issues. In total, we identified 23 different strategies. Based on our results, we proposed guidelines for interaction design in order to provide a positive user experience when display damage occurs.	Broken display = broken interface': the impact of display damage on smartphone interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Sameer Patil	NA	Session details: Privacy	NA	2014
Irina Shklovski:Scott D. Mainwaring:Halla Hrund Skúladóttir:Höskuldur Borgthorsson	Mobile devices are playing an increasingly intimate role in everyday life. However, users can be surprised when informed of the data collection and distribution activities of apps they install. We report on two studies of smartphone users in western European countries, in which users were confronted with app behaviors and their reactions assessed. Users felt their personal space had been violated in "creepy" ways. Using Altman's notions of personal space and territoriality, and Nissenbaum's theory of contextual integrity, we account for these emotional reactions and suggest that they point to important underlying issues, even when users continue using apps they find creepy.	Leakiness and creepiness in app space: perceptions of privacy and mobile app use	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Nigel Davies:Marc Langheinrich:Sarah Clinch:Ivan Elhart:Adrian Friday:Thomas Kubitza:Bholanathsingh Surajbali	There is increasing interest in using digital signage to deliver highly personalised content. However, display personalization presents a number of architectural design challenges in particular, how best to provide personalisation without unduly compromising viewers' privacy. While previous research has focused on understanding specific elements of the overall vision, our work presents details of the first significant attempt at a system that integrates future pervasive display networks and mobile devices to support display personalisation. We describe a series of usage models and design goals for display personalisation and then present Tacita, a system that supports these models and goals. Our architecture includes mobile, display and cloud-based elements and provides comprehensive personalisation features while preventing the creation of user profiles within the display infrastructure, thus helping to preserve users' privacy. An initial evaluation of our prototype implementation of the architecture is also included and demonstrates the viability of the Tacita approach.	Personalisation and privacy in future pervasive display networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Yang Wang:Pedro Giovanni Leon:Alessandro Acquisti:Lorrie Faith Cranor:Alain Forget:Norman Sadeh	Anecdotal evidence and scholarly research have shown that Internet users may regret some of their online disclosures. To help individuals avoid such regrets, we designed two modifications to the Facebook web interface that nudge users to consider the content and audience of their online disclosures more carefully. We implemented and evaluated these two nudges in a 6-week field trial with 28 Facebook users. We analyzed participants' interactions with the nudges, the content of their posts, and opinions collected through surveys. We found that reminders about the audience of posts can prevent unintended disclosures without major burden; however, introducing a time delay before publishing users' posts can be perceived as both beneficial and annoying. On balance, some participants found the nudges helpful while others found them unnecessary or overly intrusive. We discuss implications and challenges for designing and evaluating systems to assist users with online disclosures.	A field trial of privacy nudges for facebook	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Tamara Denning:Zakariya Dehlawi:Tadayoshi Kohno	Augmented reality (AR) devices are poised to enter the market. It is unclear how the properties of these devices will affect individuals' privacy. In this study, we investigate the privacy perspectives of individuals when they are bystanders around AR devices. We conducted 12 field sessions in cafés and interviewed 31 bystanders regarding their reactions to a co-located AR device. Participants were predominantly split between having indifferent and negative reactions to the device. Participants who expressed that AR devices change the bystander experience attributed this difference to subtleness, ease of recording, and the technology's lack of prevalence. Additionally, participants surfaced a variety of factors that make recording more or less acceptable, including what they are doing when the recording is being taken. Participants expressed interest in being asked permission before being recorded and in recording-blocking devices. We use the interview results to guide an exploration of design directions for privacy-mediating technologies.	In situ with bystanders of augmented reality glasses: perspectives on recording and privacy-mediating technologies	NA:NA:NA	2014
Rob Comber	NA	Session details: Issues that matter	NA	2014
Stuart Moran:Nadia Pantidi:Tom Rodden:Alan Chamberlain:Chloe Griffiths:Davide Zilli:Geoff Merrett:Alex Rogers	Our natural environment is complex and sensitive, and is home to a number of species on the verge of extinction. Surveying is one approach to their preservation, and can be supported by technology. This paper presents the deployment of a smartphone-based citizen science biodiversity application. Our findings from interviews with members of the biodiversity community revealed a tension between the technology and their established working practices. From our experience, we present a series of general guidelines for those designing citizen science apps.	Listening to the forest and its curators: lessons learnt from a bioacoustic smartphone application deployment	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Carl DiSalvo:Jonathan Lukens:Thomas Lodato:Tom Jenkins:Tanyoung Kim	Science studies scholar Bruno Latour suggests that contemporary democracy is shifting from "matters of fact"to "matters of concern": contentious conditions entwined with everyday life. What is the role of human-computer interaction (HCI) design in this shift' In this paper we draw from five design projects to explore how design can express matters of concern by communicating the factors and consequences of issues. In the process, we consider the role of design in contributing to the formation of publics and discuss an emerging orientation to publics in HCI design.	Making public things: how HCI design can express matters of concern	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jessica Annette Pater:Yacin Nadji:Elizabeth D. Mynatt:Amy S. Bruckman	The Something Awful Forums (SAF) is an online community comprised of a loosely connected federation of forums, united in a distinctive brand of humor with a focus on the quality of member contributions. In this case study we find that the site has sustained success while deviating from common conventions and norms of online communities. Humor and the quality of content contributed by SAF members foster practices that seem counterintuitive to the development of a stable and thriving community. In this case study we show how design decisions are contextual and inter-dependent and together these heuristics create a different kind of online third place that challenges common practices.	Just awful enough: the functional dysfunction of the something awful forums	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Patrick Gage Kelley	NA	Session details: Understanding and using social media	NA	2014
Rhema Linder:Clair Snodgrass:Andruid Kerne	We develop new understanding of how people engage in digital curation. We interview twenty users of Pinterest, a social curation platform. We find that through collecting, organizing, and sharing image bookmarks, users engage in processes of everyday ideation. That is, they use digital found objects as creative resources to develop ideas for shaping their lives. Curators assemble information into new contexts, forming and sharing ideas with practical and emotional value. We investigate cognitive and social aspects of creativity that affect the digital curation practices of everyday ideation. We derive implications for the design of curation environments that support information-based ideation.	Everyday ideation: all of my ideas are on pinterest	NA:NA:NA	2014
Pamela Wisniewski:Heng Xu:Yunan Chen	This paper applies coping theory to understand user adaptation strategies to major interface changes on Social Networking Sites (SNSs). Specifically, we qualitatively examine 1,149 user comments posted to the Facebook's official Timeline blog in order to get a large and unobtrusive sample of real Facebook users' perceptions about the launch of Timeline. Our data suggests a high level of stress associated with the transition to the new interface introduced by Timeline. We also found evidence which suggests that increasing users' perceptions of control over major interface changes may help facilitate user adaptation to these changes. This study offers valuable insights to SNSs for mitigating user stress and facilitating successful adaptation during major interface changes.	Understanding user adaptation strategies for the launching of facebook timeline	NA:NA:NA	2014
Xuan Zhao:Siân E. Lindley	Content generation on social network sites has been considered mainly from the perspective of individuals interacting with social network contacts. Yet research has also pointed to the potential for social media to become a meaningful personal archive over time. The aim of this paper is to consider how social media, over time and across sites, forms part of the wider digital archiving space for individuals. Our findings, from a qualitative study of 14 social media users, highlight how although some sites are more associated with 'keepable' social media than others, even those are not seen as archives in the usual sense of the word. We show how this perception is bound up with five contradictions, which center on social media as curated, as a reliable repository of meaningful content, as readily encountered and as having the potential to present content as a compelling narrative. We conclude by highlighting opportunities for design relating to curation through use and what this implies for personal digital archives, which are known to present difficulties in terms of curation and re-finding.	Curation through use: understanding the personal value of social media	NA:NA	2014
Steven Schirra:Huan Sun:Frank Bentley	In this paper, we explore motivations for live-tweeting across a season of a television show. Using the third season of Downton Abbey as a case study, we followed 2,234 live-tweeters from the show's premiere episode to its finale, finding that nearly a third of users returned each week to tweet. Semi-structured interviews with 11 diverse live-tweeters revealed that the decision to live-tweet is dependent upon a variety of personal considerations and social conventions forming around this emerging TV viewing practice. This includes the desire to feel connected to a larger community that is interested in the show. Participants actively sought to protect the user experience of others by following good live-tweeting "etiquette", including limiting their number of posts and censoring content that might spoil the show for others. Over time, live-tweeting helped users build and maintain a network of fellow Downton Abbey viewers with shared interests.	Together alone: motivations for live-tweeting a television series	NA:NA:NA	2014
Dominic Furniss	NA	Session details: Working together	NA	2014
Lars Rune Christensen:Pernille Bjorn	On the basis of an ethnographic field study, this article introduces the concept of documentscape to the analysis of document-centric work practices. The concept of documentscape refers to the entire ensemble of documents in their mutual intertextual interlocking. Providing empirical data from a global software development case, we show how hierarchical structures and sequentiality across the interlocked documents are critical to how actors make sense of the work of others and what to do next in a geographically distributed setting. Furthermore, we found that while each document is created as part of a quasi-sequential order, this characteristic does not make the document, as a single entity, into a stable object. Instead, we found that the documents were malleable and dynamic while suspended in intertextual structures. Our concept of documentscape points to how the hierarchical structure, sequentiality, and authorless nature of documents serve as a constitutive platform for the development of iterative and emergent work practices, making it possible for highly distributed actors to collaborate with limited communication, as the documentscape serves as a vehicle of coordination.	Documentscape: intertextuality, sequentiality, & autonomy at work	NA:NA	2014
Charlotte Massey:Thomas Lennig:Steve Whittaker	Many teams are now adopting shared repositories for their work. Such adoption is paradoxical, however, as past research has repeatedly shown major co-organizational barriers; teams cannot agree a common organizational scheme, making it difficult to retrieve information organized by others. Another barrier is email competition; email provides a reliable alternative for distributing files that are then personally organized. To address this paradox, we explored how 27 participants actively using shared repositories overcome these barriers in a qualitative study. We found teams addressed co-organization using 4 strategies. First they create ContentMaps that provide explicit structure to organize shared information. Participants also co-organize using implicit strategies based on task structure, expertise, and tool affordances. Greater shared repository use also leads to a changed role for email. Versioning problems mean email is not used for distributing attachments, instead for task management. We present technical implications suggesting how new tools might be better integrated with email facilitating these continued email uses.	Cloudy forecast: an exploration of the factors underlying shared repository use	NA:NA:NA	2014
Andrea Forte:Nazanin Andalibi:Thomas Park:Heather Willever-Farr	This paper provides first steps toward an empirically grounded design vocabulary for assessable design as an HCI response to the global need for better information literacy skills. We present a framework for synthesizing literatures called the Interdisciplinary Literacy Framework and use it to highlight gaps in our understanding of information literacy that HCI as a field is particularly well suited to fill. We report on two studies that lay a foundation for developing guidelines for assessable information system design. The first is a study of Wikipedians', librarians', and laypersons' information assessment practices from which we derive two important features of assessable designs: information provenance and stewardship. The second is an experimental study in which we operationalize these concepts in designs and test them using Amazon Mechanical Turk (MTurk).	Designing information savvy societies: an introduction to assessability	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Fanny Chevalier	NA	Session details: Programming and development tools	NA	2014
Tom Lieber:Joel R. Brandt:Rob C. Miller	We present Theseus, an IDE extension that visualizes run-time behavior within a JavaScript code editor. By displaying real-time information about how code actually behaves during execution, Theseus proactively addresses misconceptions by drawing attention to similarities and differences between the programmer's idea of what code does and what it actually does. To understand how programmers would respond to this kind of an always-on visualization, we ran a lab study with graduate students, and interviewed 9 professional programmers who were asked to use Theseus in their day-to-day work. We found that users quickly adopted strategies that are unique to always-on, real-time visualizations, and used the additional information to guide their navigation through their code.	Addressing misconceptions about code with always-on programming visualizations	NA:NA:NA	2014
Ethan Fast:Daniel Steffee:Lucy Wang:Joel R. Brandt:Michael S. Bernstein	While emergent behaviors are uncodified across many domains such as programming and writing, interfaces need explicit rules to support users. We hypothesize that by codifying emergent programming behavior, software engineering interfaces can support a far broader set of developer needs. To explore this idea, we built Codex, a knowledge base that records common practice for the Ruby programming language by indexing over three million lines of popular code. Codex enables new data-driven interfaces for programming systems: statistical linting, identifying code that is unlikely to occur in practice and may constitute a bug; pattern annotation, automatically discovering common programming idioms and annotating them with metadata using expert crowdsourcing; and library generation, constructing a utility package that encapsulates and reflects emergent software practice. We evaluate these applications to find Codex captures a broad swatch of programming practice, statistical linting detects problematic code snippets, and pattern annotation discovers nontrivial idioms such as basic HTTP authentication and database migration templates. Our work suggests that operationalizing practice-driven knowledge in structured domains such as programming can enable a new class of user interfaces.	Emergent, crowd-scale programming practice in the IDE	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Roman Atachiants:David Gregg:Kim Jarvis:Gavin Doherty	In recent years there has been a shift in microprocessor manufacture from building single-core processors towards providing multiple cores on the same chip. This shift has meant that a much wider population of developers are faced with the task of developing parallel software: a difficult, time consuming and expensive process. With the aim of identifying issues, emerging practices and design opportunities for support, we present in this paper a qualitative study in which we interviewed a range of software developers, in both industry and academia. We then perform a systematic analysis of the data and identify several cross-cutting themes. These analysis themes include the practical relevance of the probe effect, the significance of orchestration models in development and the mismatch between currently available tools and developers' needs. We also identify an important characteristic of parallel programming, where the process of optimisation goes hand in hand with the process of debugging, as opposed to clearer distinctions which may be made in traditional programming. We conclude with reflection on how the study can inform the design of software tools to support developers in the endeavour of parallel programming.	Design considerations for parallel performance tools	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Austin Z. Henley:Scott D. Fleming	Increasingly, people are faced with navigating large information spaces, and making such navigation efficient is of paramount concern. In this paper, we focus on the problems programmers face in navigating large code bases, and propose a novel code editor, Patchworks, that addresses the problems. In particular, Patchworks leverages two new interface idioms - the patch grid and the ribbon - to help programmers navigate more quickly, make fewer navigation errors, and spend less time arranging their code. To validate Patchworks, we conducted a user study that compared Patchworks to two existing code editors: the traditional file-based editor, Eclipse, and the newer canvas-based editor, Code Bubbles. Our results showed (1) that programmers using Patchworks were able to navigate significantly faster than with Eclipse (and comparably with Code Bubbles), (2) that programmers using Patchworks made significantly fewer navigation errors than with Code Bubbles or Eclipse, and (3) that programmers using Patchworks spent significantly less time arranging their code than with Code Bubbles (and comparably with Eclipse).	The patchworks code editor: toward faster navigation with less code arranging and fewer navigation mistakes	NA:NA	2014
Xiaomu Zhou	NA	Session details: Interactive technologies for rehabilitation	NA	2014
Mobolaji Ayoade:Lynne Baillie	In this paper, we describe the design and evaluation of an interactive home-based rehabilitation visualisation system used by a wide variety of ages (users in our studies were aged from 47-89) to undertake rehabilitation in the home following knee replacement surgery. We present the rehabilitation visualization system and the results of a randomized controlled study in which we investigated the usability and feasibility of the system in the home. We found that our users were able to use the system successfully for their rehabilitation with improved rehabilitation outcomes after 6 weeks when compared to the current rehabilitation care. Finally we highlight the lessons learned which will benefit prospective designers of home rehabilitation technology in ensuring successful home evaluations in clinical rehabilitation.	A novel knee rehabilitation system for the home	NA:NA	2014
Sinziana Mazilu:Ulf Blanke:Michael Hardegger:Gerhard Tröster:Eran Gazit:Jeffrey M. Hausdorff	Patients with Parkinson's disease often experience freezing of gait, which bears a high risk of falling, a prevalent cause for morbidity and mortality. In this work we present GaitAssist, a wearable system for freezing of gait support in daily life. The system provides real-time auditory cueing after the onset of freezing episodes. Furthermore, GaitAssist implements training exercises to learn how to handle freezing situations. GaitAssist is the result of a design process where we considered the input of engineers, clinicians and 18 Parkinson's disease patients, in order to find an optimal trade-off between system wearability and performance. We tested the final system in a user study with 5 additional patients. They reported a reduction in the freezing of gait duration as a result of the auditory stimulation provided, and that they feel the system enhanced their confidence during walking.	GaitAssist: a daily-life support and training system for parkinson's disease patients with freezing of gait	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Kevin Huang:Patrick J. Sparto:Sara Kiesler:Asim Smailagic:Jennifer Mankoff:Dan Siewiorek	Physical therapists could make better treatment decisions if they had accurate patient home exercise data but today this information is only available from patient self-report. A more accurate source of data could be gained from wearable computing designed for physical therapy exercise support. Existing systems have been tested in the lab but we have little information about issues they may face in home settings. We designed a technology probe, SenseCap, and deployed it for seven days in ten physical therapy patients' homes. SenseCap is a wearable physical therapy support system that gathers patient exercise compliance and performance data and summarizes the data in charts on an iPad Dashboard for physical therapists to view when patients return to the clinic. In this paper, we present the results of our deployment, show in-home patient exercise data gathered by the probe, and make design recommendations based on patient and physical therapist responses.	A technology probe of wearable in-home computer-assisted physical therapy	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Roisin McNaney:John Vines:Daniel Roggen:Madeline Balaam:Pengfei Zhang:Ivan Poliakov:Patrick Olivier	We describe a qualitative study investigating the acceptability of the Google Glass eyewear computer to people with Parkinson's disease (PD). We held a workshop with 5 PD patients and 2 carers exploring perceptions of Glass. This was followed by 5-day field trials of Glass with 4 PD patients, where participants wore the device during everyday activities at home and in public. We report generally positive responses to Glass as a device to instil confidence and safety for this potentially vulnerable group. We also raise concerns related to the potential for Glass to reaffirm dependency on others and stigmatise wearers.	Exploring the acceptability of google glass as an everyday assistive device for people with parkinson's	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Qiao Zhang:Shyamnath Gollakota:Ben Taskar:Raj P.N. Rao	There has been recent interest in designing systems that use the tongue as an input interface. Prior work however either require surgical procedures or in-mouth sensor placements. In this paper, we introduce TongueSee, a non-intrusive tongue machine interface that can recognize a rich set of tongue gestures using electromyography (EMG) signals from the surface of the skin. We demonstrate the feasibility and robustness of TongueSee with experimental studies to classify six tongue gestures across eight participants. TongueSee achieves a classification accuracy of 94.17% and a false positive probability of 0.000358 per second using three-protrusion preamble design.	Non-intrusive tongue machine interface	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Abhijit Karnik	NA	Session details: Shape-changing interfaces	NA	2014
Erik Grönvall:Sofie Kinch:Marianne Graves Petersen:Majken K. Rasmussen	In this paper we describe results from testing coMotion, a shape-changing bench, in three different contexts: a concert hall foyer, an airport departure hall and a shopping mall. We have gathered insights from more than 120 people, with regard to how users experience and make sense of the bench's shape changing capability. The paper applies McCarthy and Wright's six different sense making processes (anticipating, connecting, interpreting, reflecting, appropriating and recounting) as an instrument to analyse people's experience with shape-changing furniture in the wild. The paper also introduces exploring as a seventh sense making process. Based on this analysis, the paper points to three relevant aspects when designing shape-changing artefacts for the wild, namely: 1) Affordance of shape-changing interfaces, 2) Transitions between background and foreground and 3) Interpreting physically dynamic objects.	Causing commotion with a shape-changing bench: experiencing shape-changing interfaces in use	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Raf Ramakers:Johannes Schöning:Kris Luyten	We present the concept of highly deformable mobile devices that can be transformed into various special-purpose controls in order to bring physical controls to mobile devices. Physical controls have the advantage of exploiting people's innate abilities for manipulating physical objects in the real world. We designed and implemented a prototype, called Paddle, to demonstrate our concept. Additionally, we explore the interaction techniques enabled by this concept and conduct an in-depth study to evaluate our transformable physical controls. Our findings show that these physical controls provide several benefits over traditional touch interaction techniques commonly used on mobile devices.	Paddle: highly deformable mobile devices with physical controls	NA:NA:NA	2014
Esben W. Pedersen:Sriram Subramanian:Kasper Hornbæk	Shape-changing handheld devices are emerging as research prototypes, but it is unclear how users perceive them and which experiences they engender. The little data we have on user experience is from single prototypes, only covering a small part of the possibilities in shape change. We produce 51 videos of a shape-changing handheld device by systematically varying seven parameters of shape change. In a crowd-sourced study, 187 participants watched the videos and described their experiences using rating scales and free text. We find significant and large differences among parameters of shape change. Shapes that have previously been used for notifications were rated the least urgent; the degree of shape change was found to impact experience more than type of shape change. The experience of shape change was surprisingly complex: hedonic quality were inversely related to urgency, and some shapes were perceived as ugly, yet useful. We discuss how to advance models of shape change and improve research on the experience of shape change.	Is my phone alive?: a large-scale study of shape change in handheld devices using videos	NA:NA:NA	2014
Panteleimon Dimitriadis:Jason Alexander	Audio and vibrotactile output are the standard mechanisms mobile devices use to attract their owner's attention. Yet in busy and noisy environments, or when the user is physically active, these channels sometimes fail. Recent work has explored the use of physical shape-change as an additional method for conveying notifications when the device is in-hand or viewable. However, we do not yet understand the effectiveness of physical shape-change as a method for communicating in-pocket notifications. This paper presents three robustly implemented, mobile-device sized shape-changing devices, and two user studies to evaluate their effectiveness at conveying notifications. The studies reveal that (1) different types and configurations of shape-change convey different levels of urgency and; (2) fast pulsing shape-changing notifications are missed less often and recognised more quickly than the standard slower vibration pulse rates of a mobile device.	Evaluating the effectiveness of physical shape-change for in-pocket mobile device notifications	NA:NA	2014
Anne Roudaut:Rebecca Reed:Tianbo Hao:Sriram Subramanian	Advances in shape changing assemblies have been made in reconfiguration algorithms, hardware designs and interaction techniques. However no tools exist for guiding designers in building those modular devices and especially for choosing the shape of the units. The task becomes even more complex when the units themselves can change their shapes to animate the entire assembly. In this paper, we contribute with the first analysis tool which helps the designer to both choose the right subset of forms for the units and to create an assembly with maximum accuracy from the set of given objects. We introduce the concept of Changibles that are interactive wireless units that can reshape themselves and be attached together to create an animated assembly. We present a use case to demonstrate the use of our tool, with an instantiation of six Changibles that are used to construct a pulsing heart assembly.	Changibles: analyzing and designing shape changing constructive assembly	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Daniel Wigdor	NA	Session details: Touch input	NA	2014
Seongkook Heo:Jiseong Gu:Geehyuk Lee	In recent years, touch screens have emerged and matured as the main input interface for mobile and tablet computers calling for extended touch input possibilities. In this paper, we explore the use of consecutive distant taps to expand the touch screen input vocabulary. We analyzed time intervals and distances between consecutive taps during common applications on a tablet and verified that consecutive distant taps can be used conflict-free with existing touch gestures. We designed the two interaction techniques Ta-tap and Ta-Ta-tap that utilize consecutive distant taps. Ta-tap uses two consecutive distant taps to invoke alternative touch operations for multi-touch emulation, whereas Ta-Ta-tap uses a series of consecutive distant taps to define a spatial gesture. We verified the feasibility of both interaction techniques through a series of experiments and a user study. The high recognition rate of Ta-tap and Ta-Ta-tap gestures, the few conflicts with existing gestures, and the positive feedback from the participants assert the potential of consecutive distant taps as a new design space to enrich touch screen interactions.	Expanding touch input vocabulary by using consecutive distant taps	NA:NA:NA	2014
Oscar Kin-Chung Au:Xiaojun Su:Rynson W.H. Lau	Touch input is increasingly popular nowadays, especially for mobile devices such as smartphones and tablet computers. However, the human finger has considerably large fingertip size and finger input is imprecise. As such, acquiring small targets on a touch screen is still a challenging task. In this paper, we present the LinearDragger, a new and integrated one-finger target acquisition technique for small and clustered targets. The proposed method has three advantages. First, it allows users to select targets in dense clustered groups easily with a single touch-drag-release operation. Second, it maps the 2D selection problem into a more precise 1D selection problem, which is independent of the target distribution. Third, it avoids finger occlusion and does not create visual distraction. As a result, it is particularly suitable for applications with dense targets and rich visual elements. Results of our controlled experiments show that when selecting small targets, LinearDragger takes about 70% and 30% less selection time than target acquisition without using any techniques and with the state-of-the-art target acquisition technique that involves a single touch operation, respectively, while maintaining a reasonable error rate.	LinearDragger: a Linear Selector for One-finger Target Acquisition	NA:NA:NA	2014
Carl Gutwin:Andy Cockburn:Joey Scarr:Sylvain Malacria:Scott C. Olson	Touch-based tablet UIs provide few shortcut mechanisms for rapid command selection; as a result, command selection on tablets often requires slow traversal of menus. We developed a new selection technique for multi-touch tablets, called FastTap, that uses thumb-and-finger touches to show and choose from a spatially-stable grid-based overlay interface. FastTap allows novices to view and inspect the full interface, but once item locations are known, FastTap allows people to select commands with a single quick thumb-and-finger tap. The interface helps users develop expertise, since the motor actions carried out as a novice rehearse the expert behavior. A controlled study showed that FastTap was significantly faster (by 33% per selection overall) than marking menus, both for novices and experts, and without reduction in accuracy or subjective preference. Our work introduces a new and efficient selection mechanism that supports rapid command execution on touch tablets, for both novices and experts.	Faster command selection on tablets with FastTap	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Yuexing Luo:Daniel Vogel	Fundamental performance results for crossing-based selec-tion tasks with direct touch input are presented. A close adaptation of Accot and Zhai's indirect stylus crossing ex-periment reveals similar trends for direct touch input: touch crossing task time is faster or equivalent to touch pointing; continuous selection of large orthogonal crossing targets is most effective; and continuous selection of small collinear targets is least effective. Unlike indirect stylus and mouse crossing, not every kind of direct touch pointing perfor-mance is modeled accurately with standard Fitts' law. Instead, Fitts' law, used previously for touch pointing with small targets, is used to more accurately model discrete touch crossing with a directionally constrained target. In addition, visual touch feedback is shown to have a strong effect on absolute accuracy. Our work empirically validates touch crossing as a practical and efficient selection technique, and motivates the exploration of novel forms of expressive multi-touch crossing.	Crossing-based selection with direct touch input	NA:NA	2014
Alexander De Luca	NA	Session details: Risks and security	NA	2014
Elie Bursztein:Angelique Moscicki:Celine Fabry:Steven Bethard:John C. Mitchell:Dan Jurafsky	Websites present users with puzzles called CAPTCHAs to curb abuse caused by computer algorithms masquerading as people. While CAPTCHAs are generally effective at stopping abuse, they might impair website usability if they are not properly designed. In this paper we describe how we designed two new CAPTCHA schemes for Google that focus on maximizing usability. We began by running an evaluation on Amazon Mechanical Turk with over 27,000 respondents to test the usability of different feature combinations. Then we studied user preferences using Google's consumer survey infrastructure. Finally, drawing on the insights gleaned during those studies, we tested our new captcha schemes first on Mechanical Turk and then on a fraction of production traffic. The resulting scheme is now an integral part of our production system and is served to millions of users. Our scheme achieved a 95.3% human accuracy, a 6.7.	Easy does it: more usable CAPTCHAs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Marian Harbach:Markus Hettig:Susanne Weber:Matthew Smith	IT security systems often attempt to support users in taking a decision by communicating associated risks. However, a lack of efficacy as well as problems with habituation in such systems are well known issues. In this paper, we propose to leverage the rich set of personal data available on smartphones to communicate risks using personalized examples. Examples of private information that may be at risk can draw the users' attention to relevant information for a decision and also improve their response. We present two experiments that validate this approach in the context of Android app permissions. Private information that becomes accessible given certain permissions is displayed when a user wants to install an app, demonstrating the consequences this installation might have. We find that participants made more privacy-conscious choices when deciding which apps to install. Additionally, our results show that our approach causes a negative affect in participants, which makes them pay more attention.	Using personal examples to improve risk communication for security & privacy decisions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Richard Shay:Iulia Ion:Robert W. Reeder:Sunny Consolvo	With so much of our lives digital, online, and not entirely under our control, we risk losing access to our communications, reputation, and data. Recent years have brought a rash of high-profile account compromises, but account hijacking is not limited to high-profile accounts. In this paper, we report results of a survey about people's experiences with and attitudes toward account hijacking. The problem is widespread; 30% of our 294 participants had an email or social networking account accessed by an unauthorized party. Five themes emerged from our results: (1) compromised accounts are often valuable to victims, (2) attackers are mostly unknown, but sometimes known, to victims, (3) users acknowledge some responsibility for keeping their accounts secure, (4) users' understanding of important security measures is incomplete, and (5) harm from account hijacking is concrete and emotional. We discuss implications for designing security mechanisms to improve chances for user adoption.	"My religious aunt asked why i was trying to sell her viagra": experiences with account hijacking	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Adrienne Porter Felt:Robert W. Reeder:Hazim Almuhimedi:Sunny Consolvo	Web browsers show HTTPS authentication warnings (i.e., SSL warnings) when the integrity and confidentiality of users' interactions with websites are at risk. Our goal in this work is to decrease the number of users who click through the Google Chrome SSL warning. Prior research showed that the Mozilla Firefox SSL warning has a much lower click-through rate (CTR) than Chrome. We investigate several factors that could be responsible: the use of imagery, extra steps before the user can proceed, and style choices. To test these factors, we ran six experimental SSL warnings in Google Chrome 29 and measured 130,754 impressions.	Experimenting at scale with google chrome's SSL warning	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Kami E. Vaniea:Emilee Rader:Rick Wash	Installing security-relevant software updates is one of the best computer protection mechanisms. However, users do not always choose to install updates. Through interviewing non-expert Windows users, we found that users frequently decide not to install future updates, regardless of whether they are important for security, after negative experiences with past updates. This means that even non-security updates (such as user interface changes) can impact the security of a computer. We discuss three themes impacting users' willingness to install updates: unexpected new features in an update, the difficulty of assessing whether an update is ``worth it', and confusion about why an update is necessary.	Betrayed by updates: how negative experiences affect future security	NA:NA:NA	2014
Nithya Sambasivan	NA	Session details: CHI for social development	NA	2014
Mara Balestrini:Jon Bird:Paul Marshall:Alberto Zaro:Yvonne Rogers	HCI projects are increasingly evaluating technologies in the wild, which typically involves working with communities over extended periods, often with the goal of effecting sustainable change. However, there are few descriptions of projects that have been successful in the long-term. In this paper we investigate what factors are important for developing long lasting community ICT interventions. We do this by analysing a successful action research project and provide five recommendations for facilitating sustained community engagement. CrowdMemo aimed to preserve local heritage in a town in rural Argentina and the project was set up so that it could be continued by the community once researchers had left. Participants created videos about personal memories of the town and over 600 people attended the premiere where they were first screened. The impact has not just been short-term and there has been sustained engagement with the project by stakeholders in the town and wider region: the local school integrated digital storytelling into its curriculum; the approach has been adopted by two nearby towns; and the project has influenced regional government educational policy.	Understanding sustained community engagement: a case study in heritage preservation in rural argentina	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Abigail C. Durrant:David S. Kirk:Stuart Reeves	Cultural institutions, such as museums, often curate politically and ethically sensitive materials. Increasingly, Internet-enabled, digital technology intersects with these curatorial practices offering new opportunities for public and scholarly engagement. We report on a case study of human rights media archiving at a genocide memorial centre in Rwanda, motivated by our interests in ICT support to memorialisation practices. Through an analysis of our discussions with staff about their work, we report on how accounts of the Rwandan Genocide are being captured and curated to support the centre's humanitarian agenda and associated values. We identify transferable curatorial concerns for human rights media communication amongst scholarly networks and public audiences worldwide, elucidating interaction design challenges for supportive ICT and contributing to HCI discourses on Value Sensitive Design and cultural engagement with sensitive materials.	Human values in curating a human rights media archive	NA:NA:NA	2014
Syed Ishtiaque Ahmed:Steven J. Jackson:Nova Ahmed:Hasan Shahid Ferdous:Md. Rashidujjaman Rifat:A.S.M Rizvi:Shamir Ahmed:Rifat Sabbir Mansur	Public sexual harassment has emerged as a large and growing concern in urban Bangladesh, with deep and damaging implications for gender security, justice, and rights of public participation. In this paper we describe an integrated program of ethnographic and design work meant to understand and address such problems. For one year we conducted surveys, interviews, and focus groups around sexual harassment with women at three different universities in Dhaka. Based on this input, we developed "Protibadi", a web and mobile phone based application designed to report, map, and share women's stories around sexual harassment in public places. In August 2013 the system launched, user studies were conducted, and public responses were monitored to gauge reactions, strengths, and limits of the system. This paper describes the findings of our ethnographic and design-based work, and suggests lessons relevant to other HCI efforts to understand and design around difficult and culturally sensitive problems.	Protibadi: A platform for fighting sexual harassment in urban Bangladesh	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Erick Oduor:Carman Neustaedter:Tejinder K. Judge:Kate Hennessy:Carolyn Pang:Serena Hillman	Much ICTD research for sub-Saharan Africa has focused on how technology related interventions have aimed to incorporate marginalized communities towards global economic growth. Our work builds on this. We present results from an exploratory qualitative study on the family communication practices of family members who communicate both within and between rural, suburban, and urban settings in Kenya. Our findings reveal that family communication focuses on economic support, well-being, life advice, and everyday coordination of activities. We also outline social factors that affect family communication, including being an eldest child, having a widowed sibling, and having reduced access to technology because of gender, literacy, or one's financial situation. Lastly, we discuss new opportunities for technology design and articulate the challenges that designers will face if creating or deploying family communication technologies in Kenya.	How technology supports family communication in rural, suburban, and urban kenya	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jeffrey Nichols	NA	Session details: Question and answer systems	NA	2014
Tiziano Piccardi:Gregorio Convertino:Massimo Zancanaro:Ji Wang:Cedric Archambeau	In this paper, we propose a mixed-initiative approach to integrate a Q&A site based on a crowd of volunteers with a standard operator-based help desk, ensuring quality of customer service. Q&A sites have emerged as an efficient way to address questions in various domains by leveraging crowd knowledge. However, they lack sufficient reliability to be the sole basis of customer service applications. We built a proof-of-concept mixed-initiative tool that helps a crowd-manager to decide if a question will get a satisfactory and timely answer by the crowd or if it should be redirected to a dedicated operator. A user experiment found that our tool reduced the participants' cognitive load and improved their performance, in terms of their precision and recall. In particular, those with higher performance benefited more than those with lower performance.	Towards crowd-based customer service: a mixed-initiative tool for managing Q&A sites	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jeffrey M. Rzeszotarski:Meredith Ringel Morris	Every day users of social networking services ask their followers and friends millions of questions. These friendsourced questions not only provide informational benefits, but also may reinforce social bonds. However, there is a limit to how much a person may want to friendsource. They may be uncomfortable asking questions that are too private, might not want to expend others' time or effort, or may feel as though they have already accrued too many social debts. These perceived social costs limit the potential benefits of friendsourcing. In this paper we explore the perceived social costs of friendsourcing on Twitter via a monetary choice. We develop a model of how users value the attention and effort of their social network while friendsourcing, compare and contrast it with paid question answering in a crowdsourced labor market, and provide future design considerations for better supporting friendsourcing.	Estimating the social costs of friendsourcing	NA:NA	2014
Q. Vera Liao:Wai-Tat Fu	We studied how a source expertise indicator impacted users' information seeking behavior when using a system aggregating diverse opinions, and how it interacted with a source position indicator to shape users' selectivity of information. We found that, for both attitude consistent and inconsistent information, the expertise indicator increased the selection of sources indicated to have high expertise and decreased that of low expertise. Moreover, when both source expertise and position indicators were present, users' selective exposure tendency, i.e., preferential selection of attitude consistent sources over inconsistent ones, decreased among expert sources. Moreover, we found that the expertise indicator could benefit encouraging common ground seeking with different others by increasing the agreement with, and perceived expertise of inconsistent sources indicated to be experts. Design implications for moderating selective exposure by highlighting the utility of dissonant information were discussed.	Expert voices in echo chambers: effects of source expertise indicators on exposure to diverse opinions	NA:NA	2014
Jeffrey M. Rzeszotarski:Emma S. Spiro:Jorge Nathan Matias:Andrés Monroy-Hernández:Meredith Ringel Morris	In addition to posting news and status updates, many Twitter users post questions that seek various types of subjective and objective information. These questions are often labeled with 'Q&A' hashtags, such as #lazyweb or #twoogle. We surveyed Twitter users and found they employ these Q&A hashtags both as a topical signifier (this tweet needs an answer!) and to reach out to those beyond their immediate followers (a community of helpful tweeters who monitor the hashtag). However, our log analysis of thousands of hashtagged Q&A exchanges reveals that nearly all replies to hashtagged questions come from a user's immediate follower network, contradicting users' beliefs that they are tapping into a larger community by tagging their question tweets. This finding has implications for designing next-generation social search systems that reach and engage a wide audience of answerers.	Is anyone out there?: unpacking Q&A hashtags on twitter	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Eric Gilbert	Consumer product reviews are the backbone of commerce online. Most commonly, sites ask users for their personal opinions on a product or service. I conjecture, however, that this traditional method of eliciting reviews often invites idiosyncratic viewpoints. In this paper, I present a statistical study examining the differences between traditionally elicited product ratings (i.e., "How do you rate this product'") and social inference ratings (i.e., "How do you think other people will rate this product'"). In 5 of 6 trials, I find that social inference ratings produce the same aggregate product rating as the one produced via traditionally elicited ratings. In all cases, however, social inferences yield less variance. This is significant because using social inference ratings 1) therefore converges on the true aggregate product rating faster, and 2) is a cheap design intervention on the part of existing sites.	What if we ask a different question?: social inferences create product ratings faster	NA	2014
Fabio Patern'	NA	Session details: Cross-device interaction	NA	2014
Olivier Chapuis:Anastasia Bezerianos:Stelios Frantzeskakis	Wall-sized displays can support data visualization and collaboration, but making them interactive is challenging. Smarties allows wall application developers to easily add interactive support to their collaborative applications. It consists of an interface running on touch mobile devices for input, a communication protocol between devices and the wall, and a library that implements the protocol and handles synchronization, locking and input conflicts. The library presents the input as an event loop with callback functions. Each touch mobile has multiple cursor controllers, each associated with keyboards, widgets and clipboards. These controllers can be assigned to specific tasks, are persistent in nature, and can be shared by multiple collaborating users for sharing work. They can control simple cursors on the wall application, or specific content (objects or groups of them). The types of associated widgets are decided by the wall application, making the mobile interface customizable by the wall application it connects to.	Smarties: an input system for wall display development	NA:NA:NA	2014
Peter Hamilton:Daniel J. Wigdor	The proliferation of inexpensive connected devices has created a situation where a person, at any given moment, is surrounded by interactive computers. Despite this fact, there are very few means by which a user may take advantage of this large number of screens. We present Conductor, a prototype framework which serves as an exemplar for the construction of cross-device applications. We present a series of interaction methods by which users can easily share information, chain tasks across devices, and manage sessions across devices. We also present a cross-device usage scenario which utilizes several cross-device applications built within our prototype framework. We also describe a user study, which helped us to understand how users will take advantage of a large number of devices in support of performance of a sense making task.	Conductor: enabling and understanding cross-device interaction	NA:NA	2014
Jishuo Yang:Daniel Wigdor	We present Panelrama, a web-based framework for the construction of applications using distributed user interfaces (DUIs). Our implementation provides developers with low migration costs through built-in mechanisms for the synchronization of a UI state, requiring minimal changes to existing languages. Additionally, we describe a solution to categorize device characteristics and dynamically change UI allocation to best-fit devices. We illustrate the use of Panelrama through three sample applications which demonstrate its support for known interaction methods, we also present the results of a developer study, which validates our belief that cross-device application experiences can be easily implemented using our framework.	Panelrama: enabling easy specification of cross-device web applications	NA:NA	2014
Michael Nebeling:Theano Mintsi:Maria Husmann:Moira Norrie	Current GUI builders provide a design environment for user interfaces that target either a single type or fixed set of devices, and provide little support for scenarios in which the user interface, or parts of it, are distributed over multiple devices. Distributed user interfaces have received increasing attention over the past years. There are different, often model-based, approaches that focus on technical issues. This paper presents XDStudio--a new GUI builder designed to support interactive development of cross-device web interfaces. XDStudio implements two complementary authoring modes with a focus on the design process of distributed user interfaces. First, simulated authoring allows designing for a multi-device environment on a single device by simulating other target devices. Second, on-device authoring allows the design process itself to be distributed over multiple devices, as design and development take place on the target devices themselves. To support interactive development for multi-device environments, where not all devices may be present at design and run-time, XDStudio supports switching between the two authoring modes, as well as between design and use modes, as required. This paper focuses on the design of XDStudio, and evaluates its support for two distribution scenarios.	Interactive development of cross-device user interfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Dan Morris	NA	Session details: Exergaming for health and fitness	NA	2014
Aneesha Singh:Annina Klapper:Jinni Jia:Antonio Fidalgo:Ana Tajadura-Jiménez:Natalie Kanakam:Nadia Bianchi-Berthouze:Amanda Williams	Physical activity is important for improving quality of life in people with chronic pain. However, actual or anticipated pain exacerbation, and lack of confidence when doing physical activity, make it difficult to maintain and build towards long-term activity goals. Research guiding the design of interactive technology to motivate and support physical activity in people with chronic pain is lacking. We conducted studies with: (1) people with chronic pain, to understand how they maintained and increased physical activity in daily life and what factors deterred them; and (2) pain-specialist physiotherapists, to understand how they supported people with chronic pain. Building on this understanding, we investigated the use of auditory feedback to address some of the psychological barriers and needs identified and to increase self-efficacy, motivation and confidence in physical activity. We conclude by discussing further design opportunities based on the overall findings.	Motivating people with chronic pain to do physical activity: opportunities for technology design	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Stephen Uzor:Lynne Baillie	Rehabilitation has been shown to significantly reduce the risk of falling in older adults. However, low adherence to rehabilitation exercises in the home means that seniors often do not get the therapy that they require. We propose that the use of tailored exergames could encourage adherence to falls rehabilitation in the home, as exergames have proved successful in clinical settings. We describe the results from the first known study to investigate the long-term (12 weeks) use of exergames, designed in close collaboration with elderly users, for falls rehabilitation in the home. Our findings suggest that there is an untapped potential of exergames for home rehabilitation use, as our findings show that there was better adherence to exercise in participants who used the exergames, versus those who used standard care. Finally, we make recommendations for designers, on the design of exergames for the rehabilitation of seniors.	Investigating the long-term use of exergames in the home with elderly fallers	NA:NA	2014
Andrew D. Miller:Elizabeth D. Mynatt	Computer-supported fitness interventions for adolescents have the potential to improve adolescents' attitudes and perceptions about physical activity through peer influence and interpersonal accountability. Past research has explored the potential of interventions based on competition and social-comparison mechanisms. We present a new approach: school-based, pervasive social fitness systems. We describe one such system: StepStream, a pedometer-based microblog we designed and deployed for four weeks with 42 US middle school students. StepStream users improved their attitudes about fitness and increased their sense of social support for fitness. The least-active students also increased their daily activity. We show that our school-based social fitness approach performed comparably in attitude and behavior change to more competitive or direct-comparison systems. These results expand the strategies available computer-supported fitness interventions. Our school-based social fitness approach to everyday adolescent health shows the potential for social computing systems to positively influence offline health behaviors in real-world settings.	StepStream: a school-based pervasive social fitness system for everyday adolescent health	NA:NA	2014
Matthew Mauriello:Michael Gubbels:Jon E. Froehlich	Group exercise has multiple benefits including greater adherence to fitness regimens, increased enjoyment among participants, and enhanced workout intensity. While a large number of technology tools have emerged to support real-time feedback of individual performance, tools to support group fitness are limited. In this paper, we present a set of wearable e-textile displays for running groups called Social Fabric Fitness (SFF). SFF provides a glanceable, shared screen on the back of the wearer's shirt to increase awareness and motivation of group fitness performance. We discuss parallel prototyping of three designs-one flexible e-ink and two flexible LED-based displays; the selection and refinement of one design; and two evaluations'a field study of 10 running groups and two case studies of running races. Our qualitative findings indicate that SFF improves awareness of individual and group performance, helps groups stay together, and improves in-situ motivation. We close with reflections for future athletic e-textile displays.	Social fabric fitness: the design and evaluation of wearable E-textile displays to support group running	NA:NA:NA	2014
Jettie Hoonhout	NA	Session details: Sensory experiences: smell and taste	NA	2014
Marianna Obrist:Alexandre N. Tuch:Kasper Hornbaek	Technologies for capturing and generating smell are emerging, and our ability to engineer such technologies and use them in HCI is rapidly developing. Our understanding of how these technologies match the experiences with smell that people have or want to have is surprisingly limited. We therefore investigated the experience of smell and the emotions that accompany it. We collected stories from 439 participants who described personally memorable smell experiences in an online questionnaire. Based on the stories we developed 10 categories of smell experience. We explored the implications of the categories for smell-enhanced technology design by (a) probing participants to envision technologies that match their smell story and (b) having HCI researchers brainstorm technologies using the categories as design stimuli. We discuss how our findings can benefit research on personal memories, momentary and first time experiences, and wellbeing.	Opportunities for odor: experiences with smell and implications for technology	NA:NA:NA	2014
Marianna Obrist:Rob Comber:Sriram Subramanian:Betina Piqueras-Fiszman:Carlos Velasco:Charles Spence	We present rich descriptions of taste experience through an analysis of the diachronic and synchronic experiences of each of the five basic taste qualities: sweet, sour, salt, bitter, and umami. Our findings, based on a combination of user experience evaluation techniques highlight three main themes: temporality, affective reactions, and embodiment. We present the taste characteristics as a framework for design and discuss each taste in order to elucidate the design qualities of individual taste experiences. These findings add a semantic understanding of taste experiences, their temporality enhanced through descriptions of the affective reactions and embodiment that the five basic tastes elicit. These findings are discussed on the basis of established psychological and behavioral phenomena, highlighting the potential for taste-enhanced design.	Temporal, affective, and embodied characteristics of taste experiences: a framework for design	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Sue Ann Seah:Diego Martinez Plasencia:Peter D. Bennett:Abhijit Karnik:Vlad Stefan Otrocol:Jarrod Knibbe:Andy Cockburn:Sriram Subramanian	We present SensaBubble, a chrono-sensory mid-air display system that generates scented bubbles to deliver information to the user via a number of sensory modalities. The system reliably produces single bubbles of specific sizes along a directed path. Each bubble produced by SensaBubble is filled with fog containing a scent relevant to the notification. The chrono-sensory aspect of SensaBubble means that information is presented both temporally and multimodally. Temporal information is enabled through two forms of persistence: firstly, a visual display projected onto the bubble which only endures until it bursts; secondly, a scent released upon the bursting of the bubble slowly disperses and leaves a longer-lasting perceptible trace of the event. We report details of SensaBubble's design and implementation, as well as results of technical and user evaluations. We then discuss and demonstrate how SensaBubble can be adapted for use in a wide range of application contexts -- from an ambient peripheral display for persistent alerts, to an engaging display for gaming or education.	SensaBubble: a chrono-sensory mid-air display of sight and smell	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jun Wei:Xiaojuan Ma:Shengdong Zhao	Food is more than just a means of survival; it is also a form of communication. In this paper, we investigate the potential of food as a social message carrier (a.k.a., food messaging). To investigate how people accept, use, and perceive food messaging, we conducted exploratory interviews, a field study, and follow-up interviews over four weeks in a large information technology (IT) company. We collected 904 messages sent by 343 users. Our results suggest strong acceptance of food messaging as an alternative message channel. Further analysis implies that food messaging embodies characteristics of both text messaging and gifting. It is preferred in close relationships for its evocation of positive emotions. As the first field study on edible social messaging, our empirical findings provide valuable insights into the uniqueness of food as a message carrier and its capabilities to promote greater social bonding.	Food messaging: using edible medium for social messaging	NA:NA:NA	2014
Sebastian Boring	NA	Session details: Multitouch interaction	NA	2014
Julie Wagner:Eric Lecolinet:Ted Selker	Despite the demonstrated benefits of multi-finger input, todays gesture vocabularies offer a limited number of postures and gestures. Previous research designed several posture sets, but does not address the limited human capacity of retaining them. We present a multi-finger chord vocabulary, introduce a novel hand-centric approach to detect the identity of fingers on off-the-shelf hand-held tablets, and report on the detection accuracy. A between-subjects experiment comparing "random" to a "categorized" chord-command mapping found that users retained categorized mappings more accurately over one week than random ones. In response to the logical posture-language structure, people adapted to logical memorization strategies, such as 'exclusion', 'order', and 'category', to minimize the amount of information to retain. We conclude that structured chord-command mappings support learning, short-, and long-term retention of chord- command mappings.	Multi-finger chords for hand-held tablets: recognizable and memorable	NA:NA:NA	2014
Halla B. Olafsdottir:Theophanis Tsandilas:Caroline Appert	Substantial amount of research in Psychology has studied how people manipulate objects in the physical world. This work has unveiled that people show strong signs of prospective motor planning, i.e., they choose initial grasps that avoid uncomfortable end postures and facilitate object manipulation. Interactive tabletops allow their users great flexibility in the manipulation of virtual objects but to our knowledge previous work has never examined whether prospective motor control takes place in this context. To test this, we ran three experiments. We systematically studied how users adapt their grasp when asked to translate and rotate virtual objects on a multitouch tabletop. Our results demonstrate that target position and orientation significantly affect the orientation of finger placement on the object. We analyze our results in the light of the most recent model of planning for manipulating physical objects and identify their implications for the design of tabletop interfaces. \	Prospective motor control on tabletops: planning grasp for multitouch interaction	NA:NA:NA	2014
Ayman Alzayat:Mark Hancock:Miguel Nacenta	Over the past decade, multi-touch surfaces have become commonplace, with many researchers and practitioners describing the benefits of their natural, physical-like interactions. We present a pair of studies that empirically investigates the psychophysical effects of direct interaction with both physical and virtual artefacts. We use the phenomenon of Kinesthetic Figural After Effects-a change in understanding of the physical size of an object after a period of exposure to an object of different size. Our studies show that, while this effect is robustly reproducible when using physical artefacts, this same effect does not manifest when manipulating virtual artefacts on a direct, multi-touch tabletop display. We contribute quantitative evidence suggesting a psychophysical difference in our response to physical vs. virtual objects, and discuss future research directions to explore measurable phenomena to evaluate the presence of physical-like changes from virtual on-screen objects.	Quantitative measurement of virtual vs. physical object embodiment through kinesthetic figural after effects	NA:NA:NA	2014
Chris Harrison:Robert Xiao:Julia Schwarz:Scott E. Hudson	The average person can skillfully manipulate a plethora of tools, from hammers to tweezers. However, despite this remarkable dexterity, gestures on today's touch devices are simplistic, relying primarily on the chording of fingers: one-finger pan, two-finger pinch, four-finger swipe and similar. We propose that touch gesture design be inspired by the manipulation of physical tools from the real world. In this way, we can leverage user familiarity and fluency with such tools to build a rich set of gestures for touch interaction. With only a few minutes of training on a proof-of-concept system, users were able to summon a variety of virtual tools by replicating their corresponding real-world grasps.	TouchTools: leveraging familiarity and skill with physical tools to augment touch interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Serge Egelman	NA	Session details: Authentication and passwords	NA	2014
Soumyadeb Chowdhury:Ron Poet:Lewis Mackenzie	People find it difficult to remember multiple alphanumeric as well as graphical passwords. We propose a Passhint authentication system (PHAS), where the users have to choose four images and create hints for each one of them in order to register a new password. During authentication, they have to recognize only the target images, which are displayed with their corresponding hints, among collections of 15 decoy images, in a four step process. A usability study was conducted with 40 subjects. They created 1 Mikon, 1 doodle, 1 art and 1 object password and then recalled each password after a period of two weeks (without any practice sessions). The results demonstrated that the memorability of multiple passwords in PHAS is better than in existing Graphical authentication systems (GASs). Although the registration time is high, authentication time for successful attempts is either equivalent to or less than the time reported for previous GASs. A guessability study conducted with the same subjects revealed that art passwords are the least guessable, followed by Mikon, doodle and objects in that order. The results strongly suggest the use of art passwords in PHAS, which would offer usable as well as secure authentication. The preliminary results indicate that PHAS has solved the memorability problem with multiple passwords. We propose two new features that could enhance the security offered by PHAS, but the usability of these features would need to be tested before they could be adopted in practice.	Passhint: memorable and secure authentication	NA:NA:NA	2014
Richard Shay:Saranga Komanduri:Adam L. Durity:Phillip (Seyoung) Huh:Michelle L. Mazurek:Sean M. Segreti:Blase Ur:Lujo Bauer:Nicolas Christin:Lorrie Faith Cranor	To encourage strong passwords, system administrators employ password-composition policies, such as a traditional policy requiring that passwords have at least 8 characters from 4 character classes and pass a dictionary check. Recent research has suggested, however, that policies requiring longer passwords with fewer additional requirements can be more usable and in some cases more secure than this traditional policy. To explore long passwords in more detail, we conducted an online experiment with 8,143 participants. Using a cracking algorithm modified for longer passwords, we evaluate eight policies across a variety of metrics for strength and usability. Among the longer policies, we discover new evidence for a security/usability tradeoff, with none being strictly better than another on both dimensions. However, several policies are both more usable and more secure that the traditional policy we tested. Our analyses additionally reveal common patterns and strings found in cracked passwords. We discuss how system administrators can use these results to improve password-composition policies.	Can long passwords be secure and usable?	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Alexander De Luca:Marian Harbach:Emanuel von Zezschwitz:Max-Emanuel Maurer:Bernhard Ewald Slawik:Heinrich Hussmann:Matthew Smith	In this paper, we present XSide, an authentication mechanism that uses the front and the back of smartphones to enter stroke-based passwords. Users can switch sides during input to minimize the risk of shoulder surfing. We performed a user study (n = 32) to explore how switching sides during authentication affects usability and security of the system. The results indicate that switching the sides increases security while authentication speed stays relatively fast (≤ 4 seconds). The paper furthermore provides insights on accuracy of eyes-free input (as used in XSide) and shows how 3D printed prototype cases can improve the back-of-device interaction experience.	Now you see me, now you don't: protecting smartphone authentication from shoulder surfers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Julie Thorpe:Muath Al-Badawi:Brent MacRae:Amirali Salehi-Abari	We provide a simple yet powerful demonstration of how an unobtrusive change to a graphical password interface can modify the distribution of user chosen passwords, and thus possibly the security it provides. The only change to the interface is how the background image is presented to the user in the password creation phase--we call the effect of this change the "presentation effect". We demonstrate the presentation effect by performing a comparative user study of two groups using the same background image, where the image is presented in two different ways prior to password creation. Our results show a statistically different distribution of user's graphical passwords, with no observed usability consequences.	The presentation effect on graphical passwords	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Ulrich Burgbacher:Klaus Hinrichs	Gesture typing is a popular text input method used on smartphones. Gesture keyboards are based on word gestures that subsequently trace all letters of a word on a virtual keyboard. Instead of tapping a word key by key, the user enters a word gesture with a single continuous stroke. In this paper, we introduce an implicit user verification approach for short text messages that are entered with a gesture keyboard. We utilize the way people interact with gesture keyboards to extract behavioral biometric features. We propose a proof-of-concept classification framework that learns the gesture typing behavior of a person and is able to decide whether a gestured message was written by the legitimate user or an imposter. Data collected from gesture keyboard users in a user study is used to assess the performance of the classification framework, demonstrating that the technique has considerable promise.	An implicit author verification system for text messages based on gesture typing biometrics	NA:NA	2014
Volker Wulf	NA	Session details: Policies and practice: doing the right thing	NA	2014
John Harvey:David Golightly:Andrew Smith	HCI research often involves intervening in the economic lives of people, but researchers only rarely give explicit consideration to what actually constitutes prosociality in the economy. Much has been said previously regarding sustainability but this has largely focused on environmental rather than interpersonal relations. This paper provides an analysis of how prosocial HCI has been discussed and continues to be defined as a research field. Based on a corpus of published works, we describe a variety of genres of work relating to prosocial HCI. Key intellectual differences are explored, including the epistemological and ethical positions involved in designing for prosocial outcomes as well as how HCI researchers posit economic decision-making. Finally, emerging issues and opportunities for further debate and collaboration are discussed in turn.	HCI as a means to prosociality in the economy	NA:NA:NA	2014
Barbara Grimpe:Mark Hartswood:Marina Jirotka	Given the potent and pervasive nature of modern technologies, this paper lays out the complexities involved in achieving responsible design. In order to do this we will first compare an emerging policy-oriented programme of research known as RRI (Responsible Research and Innovation) with initiatives in HCI. A focus on the similarities and differences may highlight to what extent responsibility is already and successfully embedded within the concerns and practices of design and use, and what may yet need to be incorporated for responsible design. The paper then discusses the challenges of 'naturalising' the very ambitious programme of RRI within specific design activities and concerns, through the lens of four analytic concepts: reflexivity; responsiveness; inclusion; and anticipation. Finally, we make a case for a pragmatic, 'unromantic', but engaged reinterpretation of RRI for HCI.	Towards a closer dialogue between policy and practice: responsible design in HCI	NA:NA:NA	2014
Victoria M.E. Bellotti:Sara Cambridge:Karen Hoy:Patrick C. Shih:Lisa Renery Handalian:Kyungsik Han:John M. Carroll	Commercial peer-to-peer service exchange businesses, such as AirBnB, Lyft and TaskRabbit, are expanding rapidly, but their non-profit counterparts are lagging behind. We conducted a field study of the most prominent of these, timebanking; a system in which 'time dollars' are earned and spent by people providing services for and receiving them from each other. Our study exposed problems with the very metaphor of banking itself, which deter participation. In this paper we discuss how these problems can be tackled with user experience design for systems supporting timebanking. Our design ideas emphasize the personal and social benefits of participation, and avoid such unappealing concepts as debt and neediness that the timebanking metaphor falls afoul of.	Towards community-centered support for peer-to-peer service exchange: rethinking the timebanking metaphor	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Coye Cheshire	NA	Session details: Journalism and social news	NA	2014
Alexandra Eveleigh:Charlene Jennett:Ann Blandford:Philip Brohan:Anna L. Cox	In most online citizen science projects, a large proportion of participants contribute in small quantities. To investigate how low contributors differ from committed volunteers, we distributed a survey to members of the Old Weather project, followed by interviews with respondents selected according to a range of contribution levels. The studies reveal a complex relationship between motivations and contribution. Whilst high contributors were deeply engaged by social or competitive features, low contributors described a solitary experience of 'dabbling' in projects for short periods. Since the majority of participants exhibit this small-scale contribution pattern, there is great potential value in designing interfaces to tempt lone workers to complete 'just another page', or to lure early drop-outs back into participation. This includes breaking the work into components which can be tackled without a major commitment of time and effort, and providing feedback on the quality and value of these contributions.	Designing for dabblers and deterring drop-outs in citizen science	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Nick Taylor:David M. Frohlich:Paul Egglestone:Justin Marshall:Jon Rogers:Alicia Blum-Ross:John Mills:Mike Shorter:Patrick Olivier	We describe the process of insight journalism, in which local amateur journalists were used to generate unique insights into the digital needs of a community. We position this as a means for communities to represent themselves to designers, both as a method of designing community technologies and as a first step towards supporting innovation at a local level. To demonstrate insight journalism, we present two case studies of community technologies that were directly inspired, informed and evaluated by journalistic content. Based on this experience, we evaluate the role that insight journalism can play in designing for communities, the particular characteristics that it lends to the design process and how it might be employed to support sustainable community innovation.	Utilising insight journalism for community technology design	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Tong Gao:Jessica R. Hullman:Eytan Adar:Brent Hecht:Nicholas Diakopoulos	Interactive visualizations add rich, data-based context to online news articles. Geographic maps are currently the most prevalent form of these visualizations. Unfortunately, designers capable of producing high-quality, customized geovisualizations are scarce. We present NewsViews, a novel automated news visualization system that generates interactive, annotated maps without requiring professional designers. NewsViews' maps support trend identification and data comparisons relevant to a given news article. The NewsViews system leverages text mining to identify key concepts and locations discussed in articles (as well as potential annotations), an extensive repository of 'found' databases, and techniques adapted from cartography to identify and create visually 'interesting' thematic maps. In this work, we develop and evaluate key criteria in automatic, annotated, map generation and experimentally validate the key features for successful representations (e.g., relevance to context, variable selection, 'interestingness' of representation and annotation quality).	NewsViews: an automated pipeline for creating custom geovisualizations for news	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Andrew Thomas Garbett:Rob Comber:Paul Egglestone:Maxine Glancy:Patrick Olivier	The increase of social media and web blogs has enabled a new generation of citizen journalism to provide new perspectives into local communities. However traditional news organisations are currently struggling to incorporate this new form of journalism into their existing organisational workflow. We present an analysis from 10 interviews with professional journalists and explore the current issues faced by professional journalists when searching for reliable and reputable local news sources as well as the perceived role of citizen journalists within a large news organisation. From this analysis we present a set of design implications for building systems that support interaction between citizen and professional journalists in order to encourage participatory news production and diversify national news perspectives.	Finding "real people": trust and diversity in the interface between professional and citizen journalists	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jason Alexander	NA	Session details: Interruptions and distractions	NA	2014
Gloria Mark:Shamsi T. Iqbal:Mary Czerwinski:Paul Johns	While distractions using digital media have received attention in HCI, understanding engagement in workplace activities has been little explored. We logged digital activity and continually probed perspectives of 32 information workers for five days in situ to understand how attentional states change with context. We present a framework of how engagement and challenge in work relate to focus, boredom, and rote work. Overall, we find more focused attention than boredom in the workplace. Focus peaks mid-afternoon while boredom is highest in early afternoon. People are happiest doing rote work and most stressed doing focused work. On Mondays people are most bored but also most focused. Online activities are associated with different attentional states, showing different patterns at beginning and end of day, and before and after a mid-day break. Our study shows how rhythms of attentional states are associated with context and time, even in a dynamic workplace environment.	Bored mondays and focused afternoons: the rhythm of attention and online activity in the workplace	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Tammar Shrot:Avi Rosenfeld:Jennifer Golbeck:Sarit Kraus	Interruptions can have a significant impact on users working to complete a task. When people are collaborating, either with other users or with systems, coordinating interruptions is an important factor in maintaining efficiency and preventing information overload. Computer systems can observe user behavior, model it, and use this to optimize the interruptions to minimize disruption. However, current techniques often require long training periods that make them unsuitable for online collaborative environments where new users frequently participate. In this paper, we present a novel synthesis between Collaborative Filtering methods and machine learning classification algorithms to create a fast learning algorithm, CRISP. CRISP exploits the similarities between users in order to apply data from known users to new users, therefore requiring less information on each person. Results from user studies indicate the algorithm significantly improves users' performances in completing the task and their perception of how long it took to complete each task.	CRISP: an interruption management algorithm based on collaborative filtering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Matthias Böhmer:Christian Lander:Sven Gehring:Duncan P. Brumby:Antonio Krüger	Mobile phones have evolved significantly in recent years from single-purpose communication devices to multi-purpose computing devices. Despite this evolution, the interaction model for how incoming calls are handled has barely changed. Current-generation smartphones still use abrupt full-screen notifications to alert users to incoming calls, demanding a decision to either accept or decline the call. These full-screen notifications forcibly interrupt whatever activity the user was already engaged in. This might be undesirable when the user's primary task was more important than the incoming call. This paper explores the design space for how smartphones can alert users to incoming calls. We consider designs that allow users to postpone calls and also to multiplex by way of a smaller partial-screen notification. These design alternatives were evaluated in both a small-scale controlled lab study as well as a large-scale naturalistic in-the-wild study. Results show that a multiplex design solution works best because it allows people to continue working on their primary task while being made aware that there is a caller on the line. The contribution of this work is an enhanced interaction design for handling phone calls, and an understanding of how people use it for handling incoming calls.	Interrupted by a phone call: exploring designs for lowering the impact of call notifications for smartphone users	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Alireza Sahami Shirazi:Niels Henze:Tilman Dingler:Martin Pielot:Dominik Weber:Albrecht Schmidt	Notifications are a core feature of mobile phones. They inform users about a variety of events. Users may take immediate action or ignore them depending on the importance of a notification as well as their current context. The nature of notifications is manifold, applications use them both sparsely and frequently. In this paper we present the first large-scale analysis of mobile notifications with a focus on users' subjective perceptions. We derive a holistic picture of notifications on mobile phones by collecting close to 200 million notifications from more than 40,000 users. Using a data-driven approach, we break down what users like and dislike about notifications. Our results reveal differences in importance of notifications and how users value notifications from messaging apps as well as notifications that include information about people and events. Based on these results we derive a number of findings about the nature of notifications and guidelines to effectively use them.	Large-scale assessment of mobile notifications	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jon Froehlich	NA	Session details: Decisions, recommendations, and machine learning	NA	2014
Jacob Solomon	Many Decision Support Systems (DSS) afford customization of inputs or algorithms before generating recommendations to a decision maker. This paper describes an experiment in which users make decisions assisted by recommendations of a DSS in a fantasy baseball game. This experiment shows that the act of customizing a DSS can lead to biased decision making. I show that users who believe they have customized a DSS's recommendation algorithm are more likely to follow the recommendations regardless of their accuracy. I also show that this customization bias is the result of using a DSS to seek confirmatory information in a recommendation.	Customization bias in decision support systems	NA	2014
Todd Kulesza:Saleema Amershi:Rich Caruana:Danyel Fisher:Denis Charles	Labeling data is a seemingly simple task required for training many machine learning systems, but is actually fraught with problems. This paper introduces the notion of concept evolution, the changing nature of a person's underlying concept (the abstract notion of the target class a person is labeling for, e.g., spam email, travel related web pages) which can result in inconsistent labels and thus be detrimental to machine learning. We introduce two structured labeling solutions, a novel technique we propose for helping people define and refine their concept in a consistent manner as they label. Through a series of five experiments, including a controlled lab study, we illustrate the impact and dynamics of concept evolution in practice and show that structured labeling helps people label more consistently in the presence of concept evolution than traditional labeling.	Structured labeling for facilitating concept evolution in machine learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Benedikt Loepp:Tim Hussein:Jüergen Ziegler	We present an approach to interactive recommending that combines the advantages of algorithmic techniques with the benefits of user-controlled, interactive exploration in a novel manner. The method extracts latent factors from a matrix of user rating data as commonly used in Collaborative Filtering, and generates dialogs in which the user iteratively chooses between two sets of sample items. Samples are chosen by the system for low and high values of each latent factor considered. The method positions the user in the latent factor space with few interaction steps, and finally selects items near the user position as recommendations. In a user study, we compare the system with three alternative approaches including manual search and automatic recommending. The results show significant advantages of our approach over the three competing alternatives in 15 out of 24 possible parameter comparisons, in particular with respect to item fit, interaction effort and user control. The findings corroborate our assumption that the proposed method achieves a good trade-off between automated and interactive functions in recommender systems.	Choice-based preference elicitation for collaborative filtering recommender systems	NA:NA:NA	2014
Walter S. Lasecki:Leon Weingard:George Ferguson:Jeffrey P. Bigham	Activity recognition can provide computers with the context underlying user inputs, enabling more relevant responses and more fluid interaction. However, training these systems is difficult because it requires observing every possible sequence of actions that comprise a given activity. Prior work has enabled the crowd to provide labels in real-time to train automated systems on-the-fly, but numerous examples are still needed before the system can recognize an activity on its own. To reduce the need to collect this data by observing users, we introduce ARchitect, a system that uses the crowd to capture the dependency structure of the actions that make up activities. Our tests show that over seven times as many examples can be collected using our approach versus relying on direct observation alone, demonstrating that by leveraging the understanding of the crowd, it is possible to more easily train automated systems.	Finding dependencies between actions using the crowd	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jia Deng:Olga Russakovsky:Jonathan Krause:Michael S. Bernstein:Alex Berg:Li Fei-Fei	We study strategies for scalable multi-label annotation, or for efficiently acquiring multiple labels from humans for a collection of items. We propose an algorithm that exploits correlation, hierarchy, and sparsity of the label distribution. A case study of labeling 200 objects using 20,000 images demonstrates the effectiveness of our approach. The algorithm results in up to 6x reduction in human computation time compared to the naive method of querying a human annotator for the presence of every object in every image.	Scalable multi-label annotation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Hironobu Takagi	NA	Session details: Accessibility	NA	2014
Patrick Carrington:Amy Hurst:Shaun K. Kane	Power wheelchair users often use and carry multiple mobile computing devices. Many power wheelchair users have some upper body motor impairment that can make using these devices difficult. We believe that mobile device accessibility could be improved through designs that take into account users' functional abilities and take advantage of available space around the wheelchair itself. In this paper we present findings from multiple design sessions and interviews with 13 power wheelchair users and 30 clinicians, exploring the placement and form factor possibilities for input and output on a power wheelchair. We found that many power wheelchair users could benefit from chairable technology that is designed to work within the workspace of the wheelchair, whether worn on the body or mounted on he wheelchair frame. We present participants' preferences for chairable input and output devices, and identify possible design configurations for wearable and chairable devices.	Wearables and chairables: inclusive design of mobile input and output techniques for power wheelchair users	NA:NA:NA	2014
Roberto Manduchi:James M. Coughlan	Smartphone apps can use object recognition software to provide information to blind or low vision users about objects in the visual environment. A crucial challenge for these users is aiming the camera properly to take a well-framed picture of the desired target object. We investigate the effects of two fundamental constraints of object recognition -- frame rate and camera field of view -- on a blind person's ability to use an object recognition smartphone app. The app was used by 18 blind participants to find visual targets beyond arm's reach and approach them to within 30 cm. While we expected that a faster frame rate or wider camera field of view should always improve search performance, our experimental results show that in many cases increasing the field of view does not help, and may even hurt, performance. These results have important implications for the design of object recognition systems for blind users.	The last meter: blind visual guidance to a target	NA:NA	2014
Hanlu Ye:Meethu Malu:Uran Oh:Leah Findlater	With the increasing popularity of mainstream wearable devices, it is critical to assess the accessibility implications of such technologies. For people with visual impairments, who do not always need the visual display of a mobile phone, alternative means of eyes-free wearable interaction are particularly appealing. To explore the potential impacts of such technology, we conducted two studies. The first was an online survey that included 114 participants with visual impairments and 101 sighted participants; we compare the two groups in terms of current device use. The second was an interview and design probe study with 10 participants with visual impairments. Our findings expand on past work to characterize a range of trends in smartphone use and accessibility issues therein. Participants with visual impairments also responded positively to two eyes-free wearable device scenarios: a wristband or ring and a glasses-based device. Discussions on projected use of these devices suggest that small, easily accessible, and discreet wearable input could positively impact the ability of people with visual impairments to access information on the go and to participate in certain social interactions.	Current and future mobile and wearable device use by people with visual impairments	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Shaomei Wu:Lada A. Adamic	In this paper we present the first large-scale empirical study of how visually impaired people use online social networks, specifically Facebook. We identify a sample of 50K visually impaired users, and study the activities they perform, the content they produce, and the friendship networks they build on Facebook. We find that visually impaired users participate on Facebook (e.g. status updates, comments, likes) as much as the general population, and receive more feedback (i.e., comments and likes) on average on their content. By analyzing the content produced by visually impaired users, we find that they share their experience and issues related to vision impairment. We also identify distinctive patterns in their language and technology use. We also show that, compared to other users, visually impaired users have smaller social networks, but such differences have decreased over time. Our findings have implications for improving the utility and usability of online social networks for visually impaired users.	Visually impaired users on an online social network	NA:NA	2014
Erin Solovey	NA	Session details: Tangible interactions and technologies	NA	2014
Dominik Schmidt:Raf Ramakers:Esben W. Pedersen:Johannes Jasper:Sven Köhler:Aileen Pohl:Hannes Rantzsch:Andreas Rau:Patrick Schmidt:Christoph Sterz:Yanina Yurchenko:Patrick Baudisch	We introduce the concept of tangibles that users can manipulate with their feet. We call them kickables. Unlike traditional tangibles, kickables allow for very large interaction surfaces as kickables reside on the ground. The main benefit of kickables over other foot-based modalities, such as foot touch, is their strong affordance, which we validate in two user studies. This affordance makes kickables well-suited for walk-up installations, such as tradeshows or museum exhibits. We present a custom design as well as five families of standard kickables to help application designers create kickable applications faster. Each family supports multiple standard controls, such as push buttons, switches, dials, and sliders. Each type explores a different design principle, in particular different mechanical constraints. We demonstrate an implementation on our pressure-sensing floor.	Kickables: tangibles for feet	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Rong-Hao Liang:Liwei Chan:Hung-Yu Tseng:Han-Chih Kuo:Da-Yuan Huang:De-Nian Yang:Bing-Yu Chen	This work describes a novel building block system for tangible interaction design, GaussBricks, which enables real-time constructive tangible interactions on portable displays. Given its simplicity, the mechanical design of the magnetic building blocks facilitates the construction of configurable forms. The form constructed by the magnetic building blocks, which are connected by the magnetic joints, allows users to stably manipulate with various elastic force feedback mechanisms. With an analog Hall-sensor grid mounted to its back, a portable display determines the geometrical configuration and detects various user interactions in real time. This work also introduce several methods to enable shape changing, multi-touch input, and display capabilities in the construction. The proposed building block system enriches how individuals interact with the portable displays physically.	GaussBricks: magnetic building blocks for constructive tangible interactions on portable displays	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Clément Pillias:Raphaël Robert-Bouchard:Guillaume Levieux	In this paper, we present a collaborative game designed for Sifteo Cubes, a new tangible interface for multiplayer games. We discuss how this game exploits the platform's interface to transfer some of the game mechanics into the non-digital world, and how this approach affects both the player's experience and the design process. We present the technical limitations encountered during game development and analyze video recordings of play sessions with regard to the play strategies developed by the players. Then, we identify two properties that this game shares with many other games on tangible platforms and discuss how these properties influence both the game design process and the player experience. We advocate that these properties provide players with more freedom and relatedness, while helping to create an easy-to-learn and customizable gameplay, despite their own design limitations.	Designing tangible video games: lessons learned from the sifteo cubes	NA:NA:NA	2014
Mathieu Le Goc:Stuart Taylor:Shahram Izadi:Cem Keskin	We contribute a thin, transparent, and low-cost design for electric field sensing, allowing for 3D finger and hand tracking and gestures on mobile devices. Our approach requires no direct instrumentation of the hand or body, and is non-optical, allowing for a compact form-factor that is resilient to ambient illumination. Our simple driver electronics are based on an off-the-shelf chip that removes the need for building custom analog electronics. We describe the design of our transparent electrode array, and present a machine learning algorithm for mapping from signal measurements at the receivers to 3D positions. We demonstrate non-contact motion gestures, and precise 3D hand and finger localization. We conclude by discussing limitations and future work.	A low-cost transparent electric field sensor for 3d interaction on mobile devices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Brian Bailey	NA	Session details: Head-worn displays	NA	2014
Barrett M. Ens:Rory Finnegan:Pourang P. Irani	As wearable computing goes mainstream, we must improve the state of interface design to keep users productive with natural-feeling interactions. We present the Personal Cockpit, a solution for mobile multitasking on head-worn displays. We appropriate empty space around the user to situate virtual windows for use with direct input. Through a design-space exploration, we run a series of user studies to fine-tune our layout of the Personal Cockpit. In our final evaluation, we compare our design against two baseline interfaces for switching between everyday mobile applications. This comparison highlights the deficiencies of current view-fixed displays, as the Personal Cockpit provides a 40% improvement in application switching time. We demonstrate of several useful implementations and a discussion of important problems for future implementation of our design on current and near-future wearable devices.	The personal cockpit: a spatial interface for effective task switching on head-worn displays	NA:NA:NA	2014
Marcos Serrano:Barrett M. Ens:Pourang P. Irani	We propose the use of Hand-to-Face input, a method to interact with head-worn displays (HWDs) that involves contact with the face. We explore Hand-to-Face interaction to find suitable techniques for common mobile tasks. We evaluate this form of interaction with document navigation tasks and examine its social acceptability. In a first study, users identify the cheek and forehead as predominant areas for interaction and agree on gestures for tasks involving continuous input, such as document navigation. These results guide the design of several Hand-to-Face navigation techniques and reveal that gestures performed on the cheek are more efficient and less tiring than interactions directly on the HWD. Initial results on the social acceptability of Hand-to-Face input allow us to further refine our design choices, and reveal unforeseen results: some gestures are considered culturally inappropriate and gender plays a role in selection of specific Hand-to-Face interactions. From our overall results, we provide a set of guidelines for developing effective Hand-to-Face interaction techniques.	Exploring the use of hand-to-face input for interacting with head-worn displays	NA:NA:NA	2014
Roman Lissermann:Jochen Huber:Martin Schmitz:Jürgen Steimle:Max Mühlhäuser	We contribute Permulin, an integrated set of interaction and visualization techniques for multi-view tabletops to support co-located collaboration across a wide variety of collaborative coupling styles. These techniques (1) provide support both for group work and for individual work, as well as for the transitions in-between, (2) contribute sharing and peeking techniques to support mutual awareness and group coordination during phases of individual work, (3) reduce interference during group work on a group view, and (4) directly integrate with conventional multi-touch input. We illustrate our techniques in a proof-of-concept implementation with the two example applications of map navigation and photo collages. Results from two user studies demonstrate that Permulin supports fluent transitions between individual and group work and exhibits unique awareness properties that allow participants to be highly aware of each other during tightly coupled collaboration, while being able to unobtrusively perform individual work during loosely coupled collaboration.	Permulin: mixed-focus collaboration on multi-view tabletops	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Felix Lauber:Andreas Butz	One unique property of head-mounted displays (HMDs) is that content can easily be displayed at a fixed position within the user's field of view (head-stabilized). This ensures that critical information (e.g. warnings) is continuously visible and can, in principle, be perceived as quickly as possible. We examined this strategy with a physically and visually distracted driver. We ran two consecutive studies in a driving simulator, comparing different warning visualizations in a head-up display (HUD) and a HMD. In an initial study, we found no significant effects of warning type or display technology on the reaction times. In a second study, after modifying our visualization to include a visual reference marker, we found that with only this minor change, reaction times were significantly lower in the HMD when compared to the HUD. Our insights can help others design better head-stabilized notifications.	In-your-face, yet unseen?: improving head-stabilized warnings to reduce reaction time	NA:NA	2014
Susan Fussell	NA	Session details: Applications of body sensing	NA	2014
Hao-Chuan Wang:Chien-Tung Lai	One key difference between face-to-face (F2F) communication and computer-mediated communication (CMC) is the availability of visual cues. It is often assumed that the reduction of visibility in audio and video conferencing may negatively impact the use of gesture to communicate, and thus negatively influence other outcomes. In this paper we "Kinect-taped" F2F and CMC communication in brainstorming groups by using motion sensors to record and analyze group members' hand movements during communication. We investigate how different media influence gesture use and gestural similarity, and how the use of gesture associates with level of understanding and brainstorming performance. Implications to future research and design are discussed.	Kinect-taped communication: using motion sensing to study gesture use and similarity in face-to-face and computer-mediated brainstorming	NA:NA	2014
Myroslav Bachynskyi:Antti Oulasvirta:Gregorio Palmas:Tino Weinkauf	Motion-capture-based biomechanical simulation is a non-invasive analysis method that yields a rich description of posture, joint, and muscle activity in human movement. The method is presently gaining ground in sports, medicine, and industrial ergonomics, but it also bears great potential for studies in HCI where the physical ergonomics of a design is important. To make the method more broadly accessible, we study its predictive validity for movements and users typical to studies in HCI. We discuss the sources of error in biomechanical simulation and present results from two validation studies conducted with a state-of-the-art system. Study I tested aimed movements ranging from multitouch gestures to dancing, finding out that the critical limiting factor is the size of movement. Study II compared muscle activation predictions to surface-EMG recordings in a 3D pointing task. The data shows medium-to-high validity that is, however, constrained by some characteristics of the movement and the user. We draw concrete recommendations to practitioners and discuss challenges to developing the method further.	Is motion capture-based biomechanical simulation valid for HCI studies?: study and implications	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Dan Morris:T. Scott Saponas:Andrew Guillory:Ilya Kelner	Although numerous devices exist to track and share exercise routines based on running and walking, these devices offer limited functionality for strength-training exercises. We introduce RecoFit, a system for automatically tracking repetitive exercises - such as weight training and calisthenics - via an arm-worn inertial sensor. Our goal is to provide real-time and post-workout feedback, with no user-specific training and no intervention during a workout. Toward this end, we address three challenges: (1) segmenting exercise from intermittent non-exercise periods, (2) recognizing which exercise is being performed, and (3) counting repetitions. We present cross-validation results on our training data and results from a study assessing the final system, totaling 114 participants over 146 sessions. We achieve precision and recall greater than 95% in identifying exercise periods, recognition of 99%, 98%, and 96% on circuits of 4, 7, and 13 exercises respectively, and counting that is accurate to ±1 repetition 93% of the time. These results suggest that our approach enables a new category of fitness tracking devices.	RecoFit: using a wearable sensor to find, recognize, and count repetitive exercises	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Soroush Vosoughi	In this paper, we present a multimodal speech recognition system for real world scene description tasks. Given a visual scene, the system dynamically biases its language model based on the content of the visual scene and visual attention of the speaker. Visual attention is used to focus on likely objects within the scene. Given a spoken description the system then uses the visually biased language model to process the speech. The system uses head pose as a proxy for the visual attention of the speaker. Readily available standard computer vision algorithms are used to recognize the objects in the scene and automatic real time head pose estimation is done using depth data captured via a Microsoft Kinect. The system was evaluated on multiple participants. Overall, incorporating visual information into the speech recognizer greatly improved speech recognition accuracy. The rapidly decreasing cost of 3D sensing technologies such as the Kinect allows systems with similar underlying principles to be used for many speech recognition tasks where there is visual information.	Improving automatic speech recognition through head pose driven visual grounding	NA	2014
N. Sadat Shami	NA	Session details: Urban communities and social media	NA	2014
Christina A. Masden:Catherine Grevet:Rebecca E. Grinter:Eric Gilbert:W. Keith Edwards	This paper presents a study of Nextdoor, a social media system designed to support local neighborhoods. While not the first system designed to support community engagement, Nextdoor has a number of attributes that make it distinct. Our study, across three communities in a major U.S. city, illustrates that Nextdoor inhabits an already-rich ecosystem of community-oriented social media, but is being appropriated by its users for use in different ways than these existing media. Nextdoor also raises tensions in how it defines the boundaries of neighborhoods, and in the privacy issues it raises among its users.	Tensions in scaling-up community social media: a multi-neighborhood study of nextdoor	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Justin B. Cranshaw:Kurt Luther:Patrick Gage Kelley:Norman Sadeh	We report on our design of Curated City, a website that lets people build their own personal guide to the city's neighborhoods by chronicling their favorite experiences. Although users make their own personal guides, they are immersed in a social curatorial experience where they are influenced directly and indirectly by the guides of others. We use a 2-week field trial involving 20 residents of Pittsburgh as a technological probe to explore the initial design decisions, and we further refine the design landscape through subject interviews. Based on this study, we identify a set of design recommendations for building scalable social platforms for curating the experiences of the city.	Curated city: capturing individual city guides through social curation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Thomas Laureyssens:Tanguy Coenen:Laurence Claeys:Peter Mechant:Johan Criel:Andrew Vande Moere	As information technology is increasingly embedded in our cities, opportunities arise to design novel applications that benefit urban communities. We describe the design and evaluation of ZWERM (Dutch for the term 'swarm'), a public game that was specifically designed for augmenting community participation in urban neighborhoods. A network of ten components has been designed, some of which had different interfaces and design approaches: from totem-like Trees for gathering around with RFID cards to playful Sparrows that react on whistle sounds. After implementing the urban game in two city neighborhoods, we investigated the impact of each of these components on their communities. Our insights are useful for the public interaction design of future urban, interactive networks that aim to positively influence community participation and social cohesion.	ZWERM: a modular component network approach for an urban participation game	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
David K. McGookin:Stephen A. Brewster:Georgi Christov	Increasing amounts of geo-tagged social media have led to interest in how that media can be re-integrated into the physical environment. Yet, although location information is often automatically appended to media, little is know about how users consider location in its creation and viewing. Using Graffiti as a design meme, we developed a novel social media service to investigate these issues. A two week field study showed how users incorporated both utilitarian and playful aspects of location into their social media creation, as well as revealing a disconnect between the location-media relationship intended by creators and perceived by viewers. We outline implications of our work for services that seek to repurpose existing geo-tagged social media in the design of novel services.	Studying digital graffiti as a location-based social network	NA:NA:NA	2014
David Geerts	NA	Session details: Social media usage	NA	2014
Rosanna Yuen-Yan Chan:Silu Li:Diane Hui	Social media and online social networks dramatically change the way in which knowledge is acquired and disseminated. How do we re-understand about human knowledge and knowing? This work aims at extending the current understanding of human epistemic cognition in online social environments, where epistemic cognition refers to cognitions and cognitive processes related to epistemic matters such as knowledge and beliefs justification. We approach our inquiry with mixed methods: (1) quantitative study to test whether epistemic cognition might differ in individual and social contexts, and whether online interactions might mediate the later; and (2) social cognitive task analysis with interviews to manifest the intricate interplay of dynamics between social epistemic cognition and online interactions. We introduce the new construct of social epistemic cognition and contribute to the field of HCI with an evolved theory which states that epistemic cognition can be promoted in online social environments as mediated by online interactions.	Social epistemic cognition in online interactions	NA:NA:NA	2014
Yanzhen Yue:Xiaojuan Ma:Zhenhui Jiang	Collaborative online shopping, an emerging paradigm in e-commerce, allows remote shoppers to extend purchase-oriented social interactions into the digital environment. Online vendors have been experimenting ways to facilitate this activity. However, more research needs to be done on identifying what feature can create a pleasing shopping experience and ultimately encourage spending. In this paper, we present an exploration of the impact of co-navigation supports, including location cue, split screen, and shared view, on the experiences and performance of 60 co-shopper dyads. We also studied if status composition of shopping companions played a role in this process. By analyzing about 1800 minutes of eye-tracking data, video footages, and web logs, we found that split screen encouraged more diverse product search, shared view enabled better coordination, and location cue was the least distracting. Co-buyers achieved better factual and inference understanding, though buyer-advisor dyads were more likely to stay together.	Share your view: impact of co-navigation support and status composition in collaborative online shopping	NA:NA:NA	2014
Wolfgang H. Reitberger:Wolfgang Spreicer:Geraldine Fitzpatrick	A poor nutritional state, as is the case for many people today, can increase risks for cancer, cardiovascular disease and obesity. Technology supported approaches could potentially be used to positively influence food consumption. We present the Nutriflect system, which utilizes users' shopping data to inform them about their long term shopping behavior. In an initial study we conducted structured interviews in grocery stores. Based on the results we implemented a system that visualized a household's collective shopping information via situated displays. The aim was to raise awareness about shopping habits and to enable reflection about nutrition without burdening the users with the manual entry of their eating habits. We evaluated the system in a 4 week field study in 8 households with 21 users. The results indicate that contextually situated displays, showing shopping patterns against personal nutrition goals, can foster a reflective and respectful approach towards better shopping and nutrition.	Nutriflect: reflecting collective shopping behavior and nutrition	NA:NA:NA	2014
Martin Pielot:Rodrigo de Oliveira:Haewoon Kwak:Nuria Oliver	Mobile instant messaging (e.g., via SMS or WhatsApp) often goes along with an expectation of high attentiveness, i.e., that the receiver will notice and read the message within a few minutes. Hence, existing instant messaging services for mobile phones share indicators of availability, such as the last time the user has been online. However, in this paper we not only provide evidence that these cues create social pressure, but that they are also weak predictors of attentiveness. As remedy, we propose to share a machine-computed prediction of whether the user will view a message within the next few minutes or not. For two weeks, we collected behavioral data from 24 users of mobile instant messaging services. By the means of machine-learning techniques, we identified that simple features extracted from the phone, such as the user's interaction with the notification center, the screen activity, the proximity sensor, and the ringer mode, are strong predictors of how quickly the user will attend to the messages. With seven automatically selected features our model predicts whether a phone user will view a message within a few minutes with 70.6% accuracy and a precision for fast attendance of 81.2%	Didn't you see my message?: predicting attentiveness to mobile instant messages	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jodi Forlizzi	NA	Session details: Games and education	NA	2014
Erik Harpstead:Christopher J. MacLellan:Vincent Aleven:Brad A. Myers	As educational games have become a larger field of study, there has been a growing need for analytic methods that can be used to assess game design and inform iteration. While much previous work has focused on the measurement of student engagement or learning at a gross level, we argue that new methods are necessary for measuring the alignment of a game to its target learning goals at an appropriate level of detail to inform design decisions. We present a novel technique that we have employed to examine alignment in an open-ended educational game. The approach is based on examining how the game reacts to representative student solutions that do and do not obey target principles. We demonstrate this method using real student data and discuss how redesign might be informed by these techniques.	Using extracted features to inform alignment-driven design ideas in an educational game	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Eleanor O'Rourke:Kyla Haimovitz:Christy Ballweber:Carol Dweck:Zoran Popović	There is great interest in leveraging video games to improve student engagement and motivation. However, educational games are not uniformly effective, and little is known about how in-game rewards affect children's learning-related behavior. In this work, we argue that educational games can be improved by fundamentally changing their incentive structures to promote the growth mindset, or the belief that intelligence is malleable. We present "brain points," a system that encourages the development of growth mindset behaviors by directly incentivizing effort, use of strategy, and incremental progress. Through a study of 15,000 children, we show that the "brain points" system encourages more low-performing students to persist in the educational game Refraction when compared to a control, and increases overall time played, strategy use, and perseverance after challenge. We believe that this growth mindset incentive structure has great potential in many educational environments.	Brain points: a growth mindset incentive structure boosts persistence in an educational game	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Yun-En Liu:Travis Mandel:Emma Brunskill:Zoran Popović	We present a general automatic experimentation and hypothesis generation framework that utilizes a large set of users to explore the effects of different parts of an intervention parameter space on any objective function. We also incorporate importance sampling, allowing us to run these automatic experiments even if we cannot give out the exact intervention distributions that we want. To show the utility of this framework, we present an implementation in the domain of fractions and numberlines, using an online educational game as the source of players. Our system is able to automatically explore the parameter space and generate hypotheses about what types of numberlines lead to maximal short-term transfer; testing on a separate dataset shows the most promising hypotheses are valid. We briefly discuss our results in the context of the wider educational literature, showing that one of our results is not explained by current research on multiple fraction representations, thus proving our ability to generate potentially interesting hypotheses to test.	Towards automatic experimentation of educational knowledge	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Donghee Yvette Wohn	Researchers have found that 'social' factors contribute to purchasing intentions of virtual goods in an online social game, but little is known about actual purchasing behavior. Study 1 examined the relationship between social factors and virtual goods purchasing patterns using large scale data obtained by server logs of an online social game. Exchange of virtual goods and number of friends increased the likelihood of spending real money compared to no spending. Among those who did spend real money, giving virtual goods to others was the strongest factor associated with the amount of spending. Study 2 examined purchasing patterns of players who spent real money: high real-money spenders were buying items for visual customization while low spenders were buying consumable items necessary to sustain playing the game.	Spending real money: purchasing patterns of virtual goods in an online social game	NA	2014
Amy Ogan	NA	Session details: Learning and games	NA	2014
Wei Li:Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice	We present CADament, a gamified multiplayer tutorial system for learning AutoCAD. Compared with existing gamified software tutorial systems, CADament generates engaging learning experience through competitions. We investigate two variations of our game, where over-the-shoulder learning was simulated by providing viewports into other player's screens. We introduce an empirical lab study methodology where participants compete with one another, and we study knowledge transfer effects by tracking the migration of strategies between players during the study session. Our study shows that CADament has an advantage over pre-authored tutorials for improving learners' performance, increasing motivation, and stimulating knowledge transfer.	CADament: a gamified multiplayer software tutorial system	NA:NA:NA	2014
Mira Dontcheva:Robert R. Morris:Joel R. Brandt:Elizabeth M. Gerber	Crowdsourcing complex creative tasks remains difficult, in part because these tasks require skilled workers. Most crowdsourcing platforms do not help workers acquire the skills necessary to accomplish complex creative tasks. In this paper, we describe a platform that combines learning and crowdsourcing to benefit both the workers and the requesters. Workers gain new skills through interactive step-by-step tutorials and test their knowledge by improving real-world images submitted by requesters. In a series of three deployments spanning two years, we varied the design of our platform to enhance the learning experience and improve the quality of the crowd work. We tested our approach in the context of LevelUp for Photoshop, which teaches people how to do basic photograph improvement tasks using Adobe Photoshop. We found that by using our system workers gained new skills and produced high-quality edits for requested images, even if they had little prior experience editing images.	Combining crowdsourcing and learning to improve engagement and performance	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Ian Dunwell:Sara de Freitas:Panagiotis Petridis:Maurice Hendrix:Sylvester Arnab:Petros Lameras:Craig Stewart	Game and gamification elements are increasingly seeing use as part of interface designs for applications seeking to engage and retain users whilst transferring information. This paper presents an evaluation of a game-based approach seeking to improve the road safety behaviour amongst children aged 9-15 within the UK, made available outside of a classroom context as an online, browser-based, free-to-play game. The paper reports on data for 99,683 players over 315,882 discrete logins, supplemented by results from a nationally-representative survey of children at UK schools (n=1,108), an incentivized survey of the player-base (n=1,028), and qualitative data obtained through a series of one-to-one interviews aged 9-14 (n=28). Analysis demonstrates the reach of the game to its target demographic, with 88.13% of players within the UK. A 3.94 male/female ratio was observed amongst players surveyed, with an age distribution across the target range of 9-15. Noting mean and median playtimes of 93 and 31 minutes (n=99,683), it is suggested such an approach to user engagement and retention can surpass typical contact times obtained through other forms of web-based content. The size of the player-base attracted to the game and players' qualitative feedback demonstrates the potential for serious games deployed on a national scale.	A game-based learning approach to road safety: the code of everand	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Toni-Jan Keith Palma Monserrat:Yawen Li:Shengdong Zhao:Xiang Cao	In this paper, we introduce L.IVE: an online interactive video-based learning environment with an alternative design and architecture that integrates three major interface components: video, comment threads, and assessments. This is in contrast with the approach of existing interfaces which visually separate these components. Our study, which compares L.IVE with existing popular video-based learning environments, suggests advantages in this integrated approach as compared to the separated approach in learning.	L.IVE: an integrated interactive video-based learning environment	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Erin Cherry	NA	Session details: Persuasive technologies and applications	NA	2014
Anne Hsu:Jing Yang:Yigit Han Yilmaz:Md Sanaul Haque:Cengiz Can:Ann E. Blandford	A central challenge in weight management is the difficulty of overcoming desires for excessive and unhealthy food. Yet, studies show that when people are able to resist their desires for unhealthy choices, they experience pride and satisfaction. In order to alleviate the former and support the latter, we designed, implemented and tested a mobile application for improving snacking behavior. Our application delivers a food craving reduction intervention at the moment of need and allows users to track how often they successfully resisted cravings. Our craving reduction intervention is based on recent research that shows that food cravings can be reduced through imagery techniques. We conducted a week-long evaluation of our application, comparing the effectiveness of our application to a basic tracking application. We found that our imagery application significantly reduced both overall snacking and unhealthy snacking compared to a simple snack-tracking application.	Persuasive technology for overcoming food cravings and improving snack choices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Kathrin Maria Gerling:Regan L. Mandryk:Max Valentin Birk:Matthew Miller:Rita Orji	People using wheelchairs face barriers in their daily lives, many of which are created by people who surround them. Promoting positive attitudes towards persons with disabilities is an integral step in removing these barriers and improving their quality of life. In this context, persuasive games offer an opportunity of encouraging attitude change. We created a wheelchair-controlled persuasive game to study how embodied interaction can be applied to influence player attitudes over time. Our results show that the game intervention successfully raised awareness for challenges that people using wheelchairs face, and that embodied interaction is a more effective approach than traditional input in terms of retaining attitude change over time. Based on these findings, we provide design strategies for embodied interaction in persuasive games, and outline how our findings can be leveraged to help designers create effective persuasive experiences beyond games.	The effects of embodied persuasive games on player attitudes toward people using wheelchairs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Dana N. Ruggiero	To investigate whether a persuasive game may serve as a way to increase affective learning about homelessness, this study examined the effects of procedural rhetoric and ethos in a video game designed to put the player in the shoes of an almost-homeless person. Data were collected from 5139 students across four states. Examination revealed that playing the game or doing the reading significantly increased the affective learning score after treatment with the game group scoring 1.57 points higher and the reading group scoring .66 points higher out of a score of 6. Findings indicate that students who played Spent sustained significantly higher scores after three weeks. Overall, findings suggest that when students play a video game that is designed using persuasive mechanics an affective change can be measured empirically.	Spent: changing students' affective learning toward homelessness through persuasive video game play	NA	2014
Andrew T. Fiore:Coye Cheshire:Lindsay Shaw Taylor:G.A. Mendelsohn	The recruitment of participants for online survey research presents many challenges. In this work, we present four experiments examining how two different kinds of "surprise" financial incentives affect the rate of participation in a longitudinal study when participants are initially solicited with either an appeal to intrinsic motivation to participate in research or one that also offers extrinsic financial incentives. We find that unexpected financial incentives ("existence surprises") presented to people who click a recruitment advertisement focused on intrinsic incentives lead to a lower recruitment rate than do the same incentives offered to those who clicked an advertisement that led them to expect it. However, when potential participants expect a financial incentive, surprising them with a higher amount ("amount surprises") yields a higher recruitment rate. We interpret these results in the context of crowding theory. Neither type of surprise affected ongoing participation, measured as the number of questions and questionnaires completed over the course of the study.	Incentives to participate in online research: an experimental examination of "surprise" incentives	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Otmar Hilliges	NA	Session details: Whole body sensing and interaction	NA	2014
Julia Schwarz:Charles Claudius Marais:Tommer Leyvand:Scott E. Hudson:Jennifer Mankoff	Vision-based interfaces, such as those made popular by the Microsoft Kinect, suffer from the Midas Touch problem: every user motion can be interpreted as an interaction. In response, we developed an algorithm that combines facial features, body pose and motion to approximate a user's intention to interact with the system. We show how this can be used to determine when to pay attention to a user's actions and when to ignore them. To demonstrate the value of our approach, we present results from a 30-person lab study conducted to compare four engagement algorithms in single and multi-user scenarios. We found that combining intention to interact with a 'raise an open hand in front of you' gesture yielded the best results. The latter approach offers a 12% improvement in accuracy and a 20% reduction in time to engage over a baseline 'wave to engage' gesture currently used on the Xbox 360.	Combining body pose, gaze, and gesture to determine intention to interact in vision-based interfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Eiji Hayashi:Manuel Maas:Jason I. Hong	We introduce a body-based identification system that leverages individual differences in body segment lengths and hand waving gesture patterns. The system identifies users based on a two-second hand waving gesture captured by a Microsoft Kinect. To evaluate our system, we collected 8640 gesture measurements from 75 participants through two lab studies and a field study. In the first lab study, we evaluated the feasibility of our concept and basic properties of features to narrow down the design space. In the second lab study, our system achieved a 1% equal error rate in user identification among seven registered users after two weeks following initial registration. We also found that our system was robust even when lower body segments could not be measured because of occlusions. In the field study, our system achieved 0.5 to 1.6% equal error rates, demonstrating that the system also works well in ecologically valid situations. Lastly, throughout the studies, our participants were positive about the system.	Wave to me: user identification using body lengths and natural gestures	NA:NA:NA	2014
Lung-Pan Cheng:Patrick Lühne:Pedro Lopes:Christoph Sterz:Patrick Baudisch	Motion platforms are used to increase the realism of virtual interaction. Unfortunately, their size and weight is proportional to the size of what they actuate. We present haptic turk, a different approach to motion platforms that is light and mobile. The key idea is to replace motors and mechanical components with humans. All haptic turk setups consist of a player who is supported by one or more turkers. The player enjoys an interactive experience, such as a flight simulation. The motion in the player's experience is generated by the turkers who manually lift, tilt, and push the player's limbs or torso. To get the timing and force right, timed motion instructions in a format familiar from rhythm games are displayed on turkers' mobile devices, which they attach to the player's body. We demonstrate a range of installations based on mobile phones, projectors, and head-mounted displays. In our user study, participants rated not only the experience as player as enjoyable (6.1/7), but also the experience as a turker (4.4/7). The approach of leveraging humans allows us to deploy our approach anytime anywhere, as we demonstrate by experimentally deploying at an art festival in the Nevada desert.	Haptic turk: a motion platform based on people	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
John Downs:Frank Vetere:Steve Howard:Steve Loughnan:Wally Smith	Videogames are often played socially with both co-players and audiences. Audience members' experiences are not well understood, nor are the factors of videogaming sessions that influence their experience. We conducted a study to examine the effects of game physicality and turn anticipation on audience members' experiences in social videogaming sessions. Pairs of participants played games under three conditions of physicality (controller-based, Wii, and Kinect) and their expectation of turn-taking was manipulated. Their enjoyment, game engagement, social engagement and sense of participation were measured. We found that the introduction of turn-taking into the session had positive effects for audience members -- both anticipated and residual play effects -- and that Kinect gameplay resulted in a more enjoyable experience for audience members. We argue that audience members' experience changes as they become more active within a session, and suggest there are design opportunities between purely active 'players' and passive 'audience members'.	Audience experience in social videogaming: effects of turn expectation and game physicality	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Clifton Forlines	NA	Session details: Novel mobile displays and devices	NA	2014
Alireza Sahami Shirazi:Yomna Abdelrahman:Niels Henze:Stefan Schneegass:Mohammadreza Khalilbeigi:Albrecht Schmidt	Thermal cameras have recently drawn the attention of HCI researchers as a new sensory system enabling novel interactive systems. They are robust to illumination changes and make it easy to separate human bodies from the image background. Far-infrared radiation, however, has another characteristic that distinguishes thermal cameras from their RGB or depth counterparts, namely thermal reflection. Common surfaces reflect thermal radiation differently than visual light and can be perfect thermal mirrors. In this paper, we show that through thermal reflection, thermal cameras can sense the space beyond their direct field-of-view. A thermal camera can sense areas besides and even behind its field-of-view through thermal reflection. We investigate how thermal reflection can increase the interaction space of projected surfaces using camera-projection systems. We moreover discuss the reflection characteristics of common surfaces in our vicinity in both the visual and thermal radiation bands. Using a proof-of-concept prototype, we demonstrate the increased interaction space for hand-held camera-projection system. Furthermore, we depict a number of promising application examples that can benefit from the thermal reflection characteristics of surfaces.	Exploiting thermal reflection for interactive systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Diego Martinez Plasencia:Edward Joyce:Sriram Subramanian	We present MisTable, a tabletop system that combines a conventional horizontal interactive surface with personal screens between the user and the tabletop surface. These personal screens, built using fog, are both see-through and reach-through. Being see-through provides direct line of sight of the personal screen and the elements behind it on the tabletop. Being reach-through allows the user to switch from interacting with the personal screen to reaching through it to interact with the tabletop or the space above it. The personal screen allows a range of customisations and novel interactions such as presenting 2D personal contents on the screen, 3D contents above the tabletop or augmenting and relighting tangible objects differently for each user. Besides, having a personal screen for each user allows us to customize the view of each of them according to their identity or preferences. Finally, the personal screens preserve all well-established tabletop interaction techniques like touch and tangible interactions. We explore the challenges in building such a reach-through system through a proof-of-concept implementation and discuss the possibilities afforded by the system.	MisTable: reach-through personal screens for tabletops	NA:NA:NA	2014
Teemu T. Ahmaniemi:Johan Kildal:Merja Haveri	Device deformation allows new types of gestures to be used in interaction. We identify that the gesture/use-case pairings proposed by interaction designers are often driven by factors relating improved tangibility, spatial directionality and strong metaphorical bonds. With this starting point, we argue that some of the designs may not make use of the full potential of deformation gestures as continuous, bipolar input techniques. In two user studies, we revisited the basics of deformation input by taking a new systematic look at the question of matching gestures with use cases. We observed comparable levels of UX when using bend input in different continuous bipolar interactions, irrespective of the choice of tangibility, directionality and metaphor. We concluded that device bend gestures use their full potential when used to control continuous bipolar parameters, and when quick reactions are needed. From our studies, we also identify relative strengths of absolute and relative mappings, and report a Fitts' law study for device bending input.	What is a device bend gesture really good for?	NA:NA:NA	2014
Christian Winkler:Markus Löchtefeld:David Dobbelstein:Antonio Krüger:Enrico Rukzio	To maintain a mobile form factor, the screen real estate of a mobile device canIn this paper we present SurfacePhone; a novel configuration of a projector phone which aligns the projector to project onto a physical surface to allow tabletop-like interaction in a mobile setup. The projection is created behind the upright standing phone and is touch and gesture-enabled. Multiple projections can be merged to create shared spaces for multi-user collaboration. We investigate this new setup, starting with the concept that we evaluated with a concept prototype. Furthermore we present our technical prototype, a mobile phone case with integrated projector that allows for the aforementioned interaction. We discuss its technical requirements and evaluate the accuracy of interaction in a second user study. We conclude with lessons learned and design guidelines.	SurfacePhone: a mobile projection device for single- and multiuser everywhere tabletop interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jeffrey Bardzell	NA	Session details: HCI paradigms: past, present and future	NA	2014
Kasper Hornbæk:Søren S. Sander:Javier Andrés Bargas-Avila:Jakob Grue Simonsen	A replication is an attempt to confirm an earlier study's findings. It is often claimed that research in Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) contains too few replications. To investigate this claim we examined four publication outlets (891 papers) and found 3% attempting replication of an earlier result. The replications typically confirmed earlier findings, but treated replication as a confirm/not-confirm decision, rarely analyzing effect sizes or comparing in depth to the replicated paper. When asked, most authors agreed that their studies were replications, but rarely planned them as such. Many non-replication studies could have corroborated earlier work if they had analyzed data differently or used minimal effort to collect extra data. We discuss what these results mean to HCI, including how reporting of studies could be improved and how conferences/journals may change author instructions to get more replications.	Is once enough?: on the extent and content of replications in human-computer interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Huatong Sun:William F. Hart-Davidson	As Norman's vision of affordances developed twenty-six years ago is unable to address complex challenges faced by today's designers, we outline a view of affordances as discursive relations in HCI design. This argument is framed in the discussion of a larger trend of work beyond the HCI field, the scholarship on relational affordances from the fields of communication and organization studies. Through comparison and interrogation, we maintain a relational approach of affordances that bind the material and the discursive will help us to address design issues such as discursive power, cultural values, performed identities, mediated agency, and articulated voices in this increasingly globalized world and design culturally sensitive technology for transformation and emancipation. With a few cases, this paper deciphers the hidden power relationship of interaction design and suggests ways of we should design for social affordances.	Binding the material and the discursive with a relational approach of affordances	NA:NA	2014
Kari Kuutti:Liam J. Bannon	This paper argues that a new paradigm for HCI research, which we label the 'practice' perspective, has been emerging in recent years. This stands in contrast to the prevailing mainstream HCI paradigm, which we term the 'interaction' perspective. The 'practice turn', as it has been dubbed in the social sciences, provides a conceptual frame to organize a variety of issues emerging in more recent HCI research. While this approach has been present in certain strands of HCI research for some time, it has not been articulated fully to date. In this paper, we provide a short account of the main tenets of this perspective, and then show how it can illuminate some of the recent debates within HCI. Our argument is one which does not seek to replace extant HCI theories, but rather to provide an alternative, complementary theoretical lens which may illuminate the present confusion among both researchers and practitioners as to the direction of HCI. The paper articulates a set of issues which can help direct HCI research programs, as well as highlighting the potential contribution of the HCI field to this practice approach itself, in terms of a more nuanced understanding of emerging practices.	The turn to practice in HCI: towards a research agenda	NA:NA	2014
Yong Liu:Jorge Goncalves:Denzil Ferreira:Bei Xiao:Simo Hosio:Vassilis Kostakos	This study employs hierarchical cluster analysis, strategic diagrams and network analysis to map and visualize the intellectual landscape of the CHI conference on Human Computer Interaction through the use of co-word analysis. The study quantifies and describes the thematic evolution of the field based on a total of 3152 CHI articles and their associated 16035 keywords published between 1994 and 2013. The analysis is conducted for two time periods (1994-2003, 2004-2013) and a comparison between them highlights the underlying trends in our community. More significantly, this study identifies the evolution of major themes in the discipline, and highlights individual topics as popular, core, or backbone research topics within HCI.	CHI 1994-2013: mapping two decades of intellectual progress through co-word analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Darren Gergle	NA	Session details: PolitiCHI	NA	2014
Munmun De Choudhury:Andrés Monroy-Hernández:Gloria Mark	Social media platforms have emerged as prominent information sharing ecosystems in the context of a variety of recent crises, ranging from mass emergencies, to wars and political conflicts. We study affective responses in social media and how they might indicate desensitization to violence experienced in communities embroiled in an armed conflict. Specifically, we examine three established affect measures: negative affect, activation, and dominance as observed on Twitter in relation to a number of statistics on protracted violence in four major cities afflicted by the Mexican Drug War. During a two year period (Aug 2010 - Dec 2012), while violence was on the rise in these regions, our findings show a decline in negative emotional expression as well as a rise in emotional arousal and dominance in Twitter posts: aspects known to be psychological markers of desensitization. We discuss the implications of our work for behavioral health, facilitating rehabilitation efforts in communities enmeshed in an acute and persistent urban warfare, and the impact on civic engagement.	"Narco" emotions: affect and desensitization in social media during the mexican drug war	NA:NA:NA	2014
Clara Crivellaro:Rob Comber:John Bowers:Peter C. Wright:Patrick Olivier	In this paper we present insights from an empirical analysis of data from an emergent social movement primarily located on a Facebook page to contribute understanding of the conduct of everyday politics in social media and through this open up research agendas for HCI. The analysis focuses on how interactions and contributions facilitated the emergence of a collective with political will. We lay out an exploration of the intrinsic relationship between cultural memories, cultural expression and everyday politics and show how diverging voices co-constructed dynamic collectives capable of political action. We look at how interactions through the Facebook page challenge traditional ways for conceiving politics and the political. We outline possible research agendas in the field of everyday politics, which are sensitive to the everyday acts of resistance enclosed in the ordinary.	A pool of dreams: facebook, politics and the emergence of a social movement	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Amy Voida:Lynn Dombrowski:Gillian R. Hayes:Melissa Mazmanian	In this paper, we describe results from fieldwork conducted at a social services site where the workers evaluate citizens' applications for food and medical assistance submitted via an e-government system. These results suggest value tensions that result - not from different stakeholders with different values - but from differences among how stakeholders enact the same shared value in practice. In the remainder of this paper, we unpack the distinct and conflicting interpretations or logics of three shared values - efficiency, access, and education. In particular, we analyze what happens when social services workers have ideas about what it means to expand access, increase efficiency, and educate the public that conflict with the logics embedded in the e-government system. By distinguishing between overarching values and specific logics, we provide an analytic framework for exploring value tensions as values are enacted in practice.	Shared values/conflicting logics: working around e-government systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Bran Knowles:Lynne Blair:Paul Coulton:Mark Lochrie	This paper challenges the sustainable HCI community to move away from a focus on demand and instead address climate change as a supply problem. We identify a new route to impact, namely addressing the psychological barriers that interfere with political mobilization toward limiting the use of fossil fuels. Five barriers are explored as a means of re-focusing research objectives for the community.	Rethinking plan A for sustainable HCI	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Mark Perry	NA	Session details: Location-based services and navigation	NA	2014
Manoj Prasad:Paul Taele:Daniel Goldberg:Tracy A. Hammond	A national study by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau revealed that motorcyclist deaths were nearly thirty times more prevalent than that of drivers of other vehicles. These fatalities represent approximately 5% of all highway deaths each year, yet motorcycles account for only 2% of all registered vehicles in the USA. Motorcyclists are highly exposed on the road, so maintaining situational awareness at all times is crucial. Route guidance systems enable users to efficiently navigate between locations using dynamic visual maps and audio directions, and have been well tested with motorists, but remain unsafe for use by motorcyclists. Audio/visual routing systems decrease motorcyclists' situational awareness and vehicle control, and thus elevate chances of an accident. To enable motorcyclists to take advantage of route guidance while maintaining situational awareness, we created HaptiMoto, a wearable haptic route guidance system. HaptiMoto uses tactile signals to encode the distance and direction of approaching turns, thus avoiding interference with audio/visual awareness. Our evaluations demonstrate that HaptiMoto is both intuitive and a safer alternative for motorcyclists compared to existing solutions.	HaptiMoto: turn-by-turn haptic route guidance interface for motorcyclists	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Andreas Möller:Matthias Kranz:Stefan Diewald:Luis Roalter:Robert Huitl:Tobias Stockinger:Marion Koelle:Patrick A. Lindemann	Mobile location recognition by capturing images of the environment (visual localization) is a promising technique for indoor navigation in arbitrary surroundings. However, it has barely been investigated so far how the user interface (UI) can cope with the challenges of the vision-based localization technique, such as varying quality of the query images. We implemented a novel UI for visual localization, consisting of Virtual Reality (VR) and Augmented Reality (AR) views that actively communicate and ensure localization accuracy. If necessary, the system encourages the user to point the smartphone at distinctive regions to improve localization quality. We evaluated the UI in a experimental navigation task with a prototype, informed by initial evaluation results using design mockups. We found that VR can contribute to efficient and effective indoor navigation even at unreliable location and orientation accuracy. We discuss identified challenges and share lessons learned as recommendations for future work.	Experimental evaluation of user interfaces for visual indoor navigation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Gary Pritchard:John Vines:Pam Briggs:Lisa Thomas:Patrick Olivier	This paper examines how an occupational group has adapted to the demands of working with a Location Based Service (LBS). Instead of following a rigid timetable, London's bus drivers are now required to maintain an equal distance between the bus in front and the one behind. Our qualitative study employs ethnographic fieldwork and in-depth semi-structured interviews to elicit drivers' perspectives of the new system and show how it has modified their driving and general work conditions. We explore how passengers influence the movement of the bus and how the technology frames bus drivers' relationships to their managers and commuters. This work contributes to our understanding of the impact of LBS in the workplace and shows how technological imperatives can be established that cause unanticipated consequences and gradually undermine human relationships.	Digitally driven: how location based services impact the work practices of London bus drivers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Alexandru Dancu:Zlatko Franjcic:Morten Fjeld	While mobile phones affect our behavior and tend to separate us from our physical environment, this very environment could instead become a responsive part of the information domain. For navigation using a map while cycling in an urban environment, we studied two alternative solutions: smartphone display and projection on the road. This paper firstly demonstrates by proof-of-concept a GPS-based map navigation using a bike-mounted projector. Secondly, it implements a prototype using both a projector and a smartphone mounted on a bike, comparing them for use in a navigation system for nighttime cycling. Thirdly, it examines how visuo-spatial factors influence navigation. We believe that our findings will be useful for designing navigation systems for bikes and even for cars, helping cyclists and drivers be more attentive to their environment while navigating, and to provide useful information while moving.	Smart flashlight: map navigation using a bike-mounted projector	NA:NA:NA	2014
Key Jung Lee:Yeon Kyoung Joo:Clifford Nass	The current study (N = 49) took a user-centered approach to explore how level of automation (pedal automated, wheel automated or fully automated driving) and the interface modality (switching automation on or off via touch or voice control) in automated vehicles influence drivers' perceived experience and performance. The results found that full or wheel automation in vehicles was perceived significantly more intelligent than pedal automation. Furthermore, drivers in the pedal automation condition reported greater nervousness when using the touch interface than the voice interface. This tendency was not found among drivers in the full and wheel automation conditions. Drivers who used the voice interface to control automated driving had fewer driving mistakes than those who operated the touch interface. Our findings have important psychological and practical implications for designing a user interface for automated vehicles.	Partially intelligent automobiles and driving experience at the moment of system transition	NA:NA:NA	2014
Steven Dow	NA	Session details: Crowdsourcing	NA	2014
Khai N. Truong:Thariq Shihipar:Daniel J. Wigdor	Unlock gestures are performed by billions of users across the world multiple times a day. Beyond preventing accidental input on mobile devices, they currently serve little to no other purpose. In this paper, we explore how replacing the regular unlock screen with one that asks the user to perform a simple, optional task, can benefit a wealth of application domains, including data collection, personal-health metrics collection, and human intelligence tasks. We evaluate this concept, which we refer to as Slide to X. Further, we show that people are willing to perform microtasks presented through this interface and continue to do so throughout the day while they visit different locations as part of their daily routines. We then discuss how to implement this concept and demonstrate three applications.	Slide to X: unlocking the potential of smartphone unlocking	NA:NA:NA	2014
Rajan Vaish:Keith Wyngarden:Jingshu Chen:Brandon Cheung:Michael S. Bernstein	To lower the threshold to participation in crowdsourcing, we present twitch crowdsourcing: crowdsourcing via quick contributions that can be completed in one or two seconds. We introduce Twitch, a mobile phone application that asks users to make a micro-contribution each time they unlock their phone. Twitch takes advantage of the common habit of turning to the mobile phone in spare moments. Twitch crowdsourcing activities span goals such as authoring a census of local human activity, rating stock photos, and extracting structured data from Wikipedia pages. We report a field deployment of Twitch where 82 users made 11,240 crowdsourcing contributions as they used their phone in the course of everyday life. The median Twitch activity took just 1.6 seconds, incurring no statistically distinguishable costs to unlock speed or cognitive load compared to a standard slide-to-unlock interface.	Twitch crowdsourcing: crowd contributions in short bursts of time	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Clifton Forlines:Sarah Miller:Leslie Guelcher:Robert Bruzzi	Researchers have long known that aggregate estimations built from the collected opinions of a large group of people often outperform the estimations of individual experts. This phenomenon is generally described as the "Wisdom of Crowds". This approach has shown promise with respect to the task of accurately forecasting future events. Previous research has demonstrated the value of utilizing meta-forecasts (forecasts about what others in the group will predict) when aggregating group predictions. In this paper, we describe an extension to meta-forecasting and demonstrate the value of modeling the familiarity among a population's members (its social network) and applying this model to forecast aggregation. A pair of studies demonstrates the value of taking this model into account, and the described technique produces aggregate forecasts for future events that are significantly better than the standard Wisdom of Crowds approach as well as previous meta-forecasting techniques.	Crowdsourcing the future: predictions made with a social network	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Harini Alagarai Sampath:Rajeev Rajeshuni:Bipin Indurkhya	Recent research in human computation has focused on improving the quality of work done by crowd workers on crowdsourcing platforms. Multiple approaches have been adopted like filtering crowd workers through qualification tasks, and aggregating responses from multiple crowd workers to obtain consensus. We investigate here how improving the presentation of the task itself by using cognitively inspired features affects the performance of crowd workers. We illustrate this with a case-study for the task of extracting text from scanned images. We generated six task-presentation designs by modifying two parameters - visual saliency of the target fields and working memory requirements - and conducted experiments on Amazon Mechanical Turk (AMT) and with an eye-tracker in the lab setting. Our results identify which task-design parameters (e.g. highlighting target fields) result in improved performance, and which ones do not (e.g. reducing the number of distractors). In conclusion, we claim that the use of cognitively inspired features for task design is a powerful technique for maximizing the performance of crowd workers.	Cognitively inspired task design to improve user performance on crowdsourcing platforms	NA:NA:NA	2014
Michelle Zhou	NA	Session details: Desktop search and history	NA	2014
Catherine C. Marshall:Siân E. Lindley	We present findings from a qualitative study of self-search, also known as ego or vanity search. In the context of a broader study about personal online content, participants were asked to search for themselves using their own computers and the browsers and queries they would normally adopt. Our analysis highlights five motivations for self-search: as a form of identity management; to discover reactions to and reuse of user-generated media; to re-find personal content; as a form of entertainment; and to reveal lost or forgotten content. Strategies vary according to motivation, and may differ markedly from typical information-seeking, with users looking deep into the results and using image search to identify content about themselves. We argue that two dimensions underpin ways of improving self-search: controllability and expectedness, and discuss what these dimensions imply for design.	Searching for myself: motivations and strategies for self-search	NA:NA	2014
Stephen Fitchett:Andy Cockburn:Carl Gutwin	Navigating to files through a hierarchy is often a slow, laborious, and repetitive task. Recent lab studies showed that file browser interface augmentations, such as Icon Highlights and Search Directed Navigation, have the potential to reduce file retrieval times. However, for this potential to be realised in actual systems, further study is necessary to address two important issues. First, there are important design and implementation challenges in advancing the research prototypes previously evaluated into complete interactive systems that can be used for real work. Second, it is unknown how real users would employ these systems while engaged in actual work; would the potential performance improvements suggested by the earlier lab studies be realised? We therefore describe the design, implementation, and longitudinal field study evaluation of Finder Highlights, a file browser plugin for the OS X 'Finder' that adds support for Icon Highlights and Search Directed Navigation. Study results confirm that the augmentations are effective in reducing real-world file retrieval times, with retrieval times 13% faster when using Finder Highlights compared to the standard tool (10.6 s versus 12.2 s), while also emphasising important differences between lab and field studies. In summary, the paper strongly suggests that large-scale deployment of interface augmentations to file browsers, particularly Icon Highlights, will have a marked effect in improving users' real-world file retrieval.	Finder highlights: field evaluation and design of an augmented file browser	NA:NA:NA	2014
Charlotte Massey:Sean TenBrook:Chaconne Tatum:Steve Whittaker	Individual differences are prevalent in personal information management (PIM). There is large variation between individuals in how they structure and retrieve information from personal archives. These differences make it hard to develop general PIM tools. However we know little about the origins of these differences. We present two studies evaluating whether differences arise from personality traits, by exploring whether different personalities structure personal archives differently. The first exploratory study asks participants to identify PIM cues that signal personality traits. While the aim was to identify cues, these cues also proved surprisingly accurate indicators of personality. In a second study, to evaluate these cues, we directly measure relations between structure and traits. We demonstrate that Conscientiousness predicts file organization, particularly PC users' desktops. Neurotic people may also keep more desktop files. One implication is that systems might be customized for different personalities. We also advance personality theory, showing that personal digital artifacts signal personality.	PIM and personality: what do our personal file systems say about us?	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Thomas Geymayer:Markus Steinberger:Alexander Lex:Marc Streit:Dieter Schmalstieg	Content on computer screens is often inaccessible to users because it is hidden, e.g., occluded by other windows, outside the viewport, or overlooked. In search tasks, the efficient retrieval of sought content is important. Current software, however, only provides limited support to visualize hidden occurrences and rarely supports search synchronization crossing application boundaries. To remedy this situation, we introduce two novel visualization methods to guide users to hidden content. Our first method generates awareness for occluded or out-of-viewport content using see-through visualization. For content that is either outside the screen's viewport or for data sources not opened at all, our second method shows off-screen indicators and an on-demand smart preview. To reduce the chances of overlooking content, we use visual links, i.e., visible edges, to connect the visible content or the visible representations of the hidden content. We show the validity of our methods in a user study, which demonstrates that our technique enables a faster localization of hidden content compared to traditional search functionality and thereby assists users in information retrieval tasks.	Show me the invisible: visualizing hidden content	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Tiago Guerreiro	NA	Session details: Lost and found in translation	NA	2014
Ari MJ Hautasaari:Naomi Yamashita:Ge Gao	Previous studies have shown that people can effectively detect emotions in text-only messages written in their native languages. But is this the same for non-native speakers' In this paper, we conduct an experiment where native English speakers (NS) and Japanese non-native English speakers (NNS) rate the emotional valence in text-only messages written by native English-speaking authors. They also annotate all emotional cues (words, symbols and emoticons) that affected their rating. Accuracy of NS and NNS ratings and annotations are calculated by comparing their average correlations with author ratings and annotations used as a gold standard. Our results conclude that NNS are significantly less accurate at detecting the emotional valence of messages, especially when the messages include highly negative words. Although NNS are as accurate as NS at detecting emotional cues, they are not able to make use of symbols (exclamation marks) and emoticons to detect the emotional valence of text-only messages.	"Maybe it was a joke": emotion detection in text-only communication by non-native english speakers	NA:NA:NA	2014
Manolis Savva:Angel X. Chang:Christopher D. Manning:Pat Hanrahan	We present TransPhoner: a system that generates keywords for a variety of scenarios including vocabulary learning, phonetic transliteration, and creative word plays. We select effective keywords by considering phonetic, orthographic and semantic word similarity, and word concept imageability. We show that keywords provided by TransPhoner improve learner performance in an online vocabulary learning study, with the improvement being more pronounced for harder words. Participants rated TransPhoner keywords as more helpful than a random keyword baseline, and almost as helpful as manually selected keywords. Comments also indicated higher engagement in the learning task, and more desire to continue learning. We demonstrate additional applications to tasks such as pure phonetic transliteration, generation of mnemonics for complex vocabulary, and topic-based transformation of song lyrics.	TransPhoner: automated mnemonic keyword generation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Simon Robinson:Jennifer S. Pearson:Matt Jones	In this paper we present a novel interaction technique that helps to make textual information more accessible to those with low or no textual literacy skills. AudioCanvas allows cameraphone users to interact directly with their own photos of printed media to receive audio feedback or narration. The use of a remote telephone-based service also allows our design to be used over a standard phone line, removing the need for data connections, which can be problematic in developing regions. We show the value of the technique via user evaluations in both a rural Indian village and a South African township.	AudioCanvas: internet-free interactive audio photos	NA:NA:NA	2014
Luis A. Leiva:Vicent Alabau	Translating the text in an interface is a challenging task. Besides the jargon and technical terms, many of the strings are often very short, such as those shown in buttons and pull-down menus. Then, as a result of the lack of visual context in the traditional localization process, an important ambiguity problem arises. We study three approaches to solve this problem: using plain gettext (baseline condition), using gettext plus being able to operate the UI, and translating the UI in-place. We found that translators are substantially faster with plain gettext but commit a significantly higher number of errors in comparison to the other approaches. Unexpectedly, the mixed condition was slower and more error-prone than in-place translation. The latter was found to be comparable to plain gettext in terms of time, although some strings passed unnoticed as the UI was operated. Based on our results, we arrive at a set of recommendations to augment localization tools to improve translator's productivity.	The impact of visual contextualization on UI localization	NA:NA	2014
Bin Xu:Ge Gao:Susan R. Fussell:Dan Cosley	We propose to improve real-time communication between people who do not share a common language by foregrounding potential problems in machine translation. We developed a prototype chat tool that displays two parallel translations of each chat turn, with the thought that comparing the translations might both highlight problems and provide resources for resolving them. We conducted a user study to investigate how people use and like such an interface compared to a standard one-translation interface. On balance, users preferred two translations to one, using them to both notice differences and infer meaning from uncertain translations, with no increase in workload. This suggests that this interface may help improve cross-lingual communication in practical applications and lays the groundwork for a larger design space around systems that highlight possible errors to support communication.	Improving machine translation by showing two outputs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Mona Leigh Guha	NA	Session details: Participatory design	NA	2014
Laura Benton:Asimina Vasalou:Rilla Khaled:Hilary Johnson:Daniel Gooch	The neurodiversity movement seeks to positively reframe certain neurological conditions, such as autism spectrum disorders (ASD) and dyslexia, by concentrating on their strengths. In recent years, neurodiverse children have increasingly been involved in the technology design process, but the design approaches adopted have focused mostly on overcoming difficulties of working with these children, leaving their strengths untapped. We present a new participatory design (PD) framework, Diversity for Design (D4D), which provides guidance for technology designers working with neurodiverse children in establishing PD methods that capitalize on children's strengths and also support potential difficulties. We present two case studies of use of the D4D framework, involving children with ASD and dyslexia, showing how it informed the development and refinement of PD methods tailored to these populations. In addition, we show how to apply the D4D framework to other neurodiverse populations.	Diversity for design: a framework for involving neurodiverse children in the technology design process	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Charlotte L. Robinson:Clara Mancini:Janet van der Linden:Claire Guest:Robert Harris	Many people with Diabetes live with the continuous threat of hypoglycemic attacks and the danger of going into coma. Diabetes Alert Dogs are trained to detect the onset of an attack before the condition of the human handler they are paired with deteriorates, giving them time to take action. We investigated requirements for designing an alarm system allowing dogs to remotely call for help when their human falls unconscious before being able to react to an alert. Through a multispecies ethnographic approach we focus on the requirements for a physical canine user interface, involving dogs, their handlers and specialist dog trainers in the design process. We discuss tensions between the requirements for canine and the human users, argue the need for increased sensitivity towards the needs of individual dogs that goes beyond breed specific physical characteristics, and reflect on how we can move from designing for dogs to designing with dogs.	Canine-centered interface design: supporting the work of diabetes alert dogs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Pontus Wärnestål:Petra Svedberg:Jens Nygren	The availability of health-promoting resources for young children diagnosed with cancer who are transitioning from intensive care to everyday life is limited. In the context of designing digital peer support services for children who are considered vulnerable due to clinical and age-related aspects, there are several challenges that put critical requirements on a user-centered design process. This paper reports on a new method for co-constructing child-personas that are tailored for developing health-promoting services where empirical data is restricted due to practical and ethical reasons. In particular, we are proposing to focus children design workshop sessions on salutogenesis, and complement this with a pathogenic perspective by interviewing healthcare professionals and parents. We also introduce the use of proxy personas, and redemption scenarios in the form of comicboards, both collaboratively constructed by children and designers through storytelling. By applying four progressive steps of data collection and analysis we arrive at authentic child-personas that can be used to design and develop health-promoting services for children in vulnerable life stages.	Co-constructing child personas for health-promoting services with vulnerable children	NA:NA:NA	2014
Diana S. Kusunoki:Aleksandra Sarcevic:Nadir Weibel:Ivan Marsic:Zhan Zhang:Genevieve Tuveson:Randall S. Burd	In this paper, we describe how we developed an information display prototype for trauma resuscitation teams based on design ideas and feedback from clinicians. Our approach is grounded in participatory design, emphasizing the importance of gaining long-term commitment from clinicians in system development. Through a series of participatory design workshops, heuristic evaluation, and simulated resuscitation sessions, we identified the main information features to include on our display. Our results focus on how we balanced the design tensions that emerged when addressing the ad hoc, hierarchical, and multidisciplinary nature of trauma teamwork. We discuss the implications of balancing role-based differences for each information feature, as well as two major design tensions: process-based vs. state-based designs and role-based vs. team-based displays.	Balancing design tensions: iterative display design to support ad hoc and multidisciplinary medical teamwork	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Lynne Baillie	NA	Session details: Brain computer interfaces	NA	2014
Chi Thanh Vi:Izdihar Jamil:David Coyle:Sriram Subramanian	Error Related Negativity is triggered when a user either makes a mistake or the application behaves differently from their expectation. It can also appear while observing another user making a mistake. This paper investigates ERN in collaborative settings where observing another user (the executer) perform a task is typical and then explores its applicability to HCI. We first show that ERN can be detected on signals captured by commodity EEG headsets like an Emotiv headset when observing another person perform a typical multiple-choice reaction time task. We then investigate the anticipation effects by detecting ERN in the time interval when an executer is reaching towards an answer. We show that we can detect this signal with both a clinical EEG device and with an Emotiv headset. Our results show that online single trial detection is possible using both headsets during tasks that are typical of collaborative interactive applications. However there is a trade-off between the detection speed and the quality/prices of the headsets. Based on the results, we discuss and present several HCI scenarios for use of ERN in observing tasks and collaborative settings.	Error related negativity in observing interactive tasks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Daniel Afergan:Evan M. Peck:Erin T. Solovey:Andrew Jenkins:Samuel W. Hincks:Eli T. Brown:Remco Chang:Robert J.K. Jacob	Dynamic difficulty adjustments can be used in human-computer systems in order to improve user engagement and performance. In this paper, we use functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) to obtain passive brain sensing data and detect extended periods of boredom or overload. From these physiological signals, we can adapt a simulation in order to optimize workload in real-time, which allows the system to better fit the task to the user from moment to moment. To demonstrate this idea, we ran a laboratory study in which participants performed path planning for multiple unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) in a simulation. Based on their state, we varied the difficulty of the task by adding or removing UAVs and found that we were able to decrease error by 35% over a baseline condition. Our results show that we can use fNIRS brain sensing to detect task difficulty in real-time and construct an interface that improves user performance through dynamic difficulty adjustment.	Dynamic difficulty using brain metrics of workload	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Matthew F. Pike:Horia A. Maior:Martin Porcheron:Sarah C. Sharples:Max L. Wilson	The Think Aloud Protocol (TAP) is a verbalisation technique widely employed in HCI user studies to give insight into user experience, yet little work has explored the impact that TAPs have on participants during user studies. This paper utilises a brain sensing technique, fNIRS, to observe the effect that TAPs have on participants. Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy (fNIRS) is a brain sensing technology that offers the potential to provide continuous, detailed insight into brain activity, enabling an objective view of cognitive processes during complex tasks. Participants were asked to perform a mathematical task under 4 conditions: nonsense verbalisations, passive concurrent think aloud protocol, invasive concurrent think aloud protocol, and a baseline of silence. Subjective ratings and performance measures were collected during the study. Our results provide a novel view into the effect that different forms of verbalisation have on workload during tasks. Further, the results provide a means for estimating the effect of spoken artefacts when measuring workload, which is another step towards our goal of proactively involving fNIRS analysis in ecologically valid user studies.	Measuring the effect of think aloud protocols on workload using fNIRS	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Yi-Chieh Lee:Wen-Chieh Lin:Jung-Tai King:Li-Wei Ko:Yu-Ting Huang:Fu-Yin Cherng	Audio notifications are an important means of prompting users of electronic products. Although useful in most environments, audio notifications are ineffective in certain situations, especially against particular auditory backgrounds or when the user is distracted. Several studies have used behavioral performance to evaluate audio notifications, but these studies failed to achieve consistent results due to factors including user subjectivity and environmental differences; thus, a new method and more objective indicators are necessary. In this study, we propose an approach based on electroencephalography (EEG) to evaluate audio notifications by measuring users' auditory perceptual responses (mismatch negativity) and attention shifting (P3a). We demonstrate our approach by applying it to the usability testing of audio notifications in realistic scenarios, such as users performing a major task amid ambient noises. Our results open a new perspective for evaluating the design of the audio notifications.	An EEG-based approach for evaluating audio notifications under ambient sounds	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Alex Olwal	NA	Session details: 3D printing and fabrication	NA	2014
Stefanie Mueller:Tobias Mohr:Kerstin Guenther:Johannes Frohnhofen:Patrick Baudisch	We present a new approach to rapid prototyping of functional objects, such as the body of a head-mounted display. The key idea is to save 3D printing time by automatically substituting sub-volumes with standard building blocks'in our case Lego bricks. When making the body for a head-mounted display, for example, getting the optical path right is paramount. Users thus mark the lens mounts as "high-resolution" to indicate that these should later be 3D printed. faBrickator then 3D prints these parts. It also generates instructions that show users how to create everything else from Lego bricks. If users iterate on the design later, faBrickator offers even greater benefit as it allows re-printing only the elements that changed. We validated our system at the example of three 3D models of functional objects. On average, our system fabricates objects 2.44 times faster than traditional 3D printing while requiring only 14 minutes of manual assembly.	faBrickation: fast 3D printing of functional objects by integrating construction kit building blocks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Rohit Ashok Khot:Larissa Hjorth:Florian 'Floyd' Mueller	In this paper, we advocate a novel approach of representing physical activity in the form of material artifacts. By designing such material representations, we aim to understand what these artifacts might offer in terms of reflecting upon physical activity. For example, what types of affect do material artifacts, representing ones' physical activity create for the user' In order to advance this understanding, we designed a system called SweatAtoms that transforms the physical activity data based on heart rate into 3D printed material artifacts. We conducted an 'in the wild study' by deploying our system in six households where participants were experiencing five different material representations of their physical activity for a period of two weeks each. We found that the material artifacts made participants more conscious about their involvement in physical activity and illustrated different levels of engagement with the artifacts. Along with reporting the gained insights from the deployments, we offer reflections on designing material representations for physical activity. We hope that our work will inspire designers to consider new possibilities afforded by digital fabrication to support user's experience with physical activity by utilizing interactive technologies at our disposal.	Understanding physical activity through 3D printed material artifacts	NA:NA:NA	2014
Saiganesh Swaminathan:Conglei Shi:Yvonne Jansen:Pierre Dragicevic:Lora A. Oehlberg:Jean-Daniel Fekete	Physical visualizations come in increasingly diverse forms, and are used in domains including art and entertainment, business analytics, and scientific research. However, creating physical visualizations requires laborious craftsmanship and demands expertise in both data visualization and digital fabrication. We present three case studies that illustrate limitations of current visualization fabrication workflows. We then present MakerVis, a prototype tool that integrates the entire process of creating physical visualizations, from data filtering to physical fabrication. Design sessions with three end users demonstrate how tools such as MakerVis can dramatically lower the barriers to producing physical visualizations. Observations and interviews from these sessions highlighted future research areas, including customization support, using material properties to represent data variables, and allowing the reuse of physical data objects in new visualizations.	Supporting the design and fabrication of physical visualizations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Christian Weichel:Manfred Lau:David Kim:Nicolas Villar:Hans W. Gellersen	Personal fabrication machines, such as 3D printers and laser cutters, are becoming increasingly ubiquitous. However, designing objects for fabrication still requires 3D modeling skills, thereby rendering such technologies inaccessible to a wide user-group. In this paper, we introduce MixFab, a mixed-reality environment for personal fabrication that lowers the barrier for users to engage in personal fabrication. Users design objects in an immersive augmented reality environment, interact with virtual objects in a direct gestural manner and can introduce existing physical objects effortlessly into their designs. We describe the design and implementation of MixFab, a user-defined gesture study that informed this design, show artifacts designed with the system and describe a user study evaluating the system's prototype.	MixFab: a mixed-reality environment for personal fabrication	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Niklas Elmqvist	NA	Session details: Modeling users and interaction	NA	2014
Gilles Bailly:Antti Oulasvirta:Duncan P. Brumby:Andrew Howes	This paper presents a novel mathematical model for visual search and selection time in linear menus. Assuming two visual search strategies, serial and directed, and a pointing sub-task, it captures the change of performance with five fac- tors: 1) menu length, 2) menu organization, 3) target position, 4) absence/presence of target, and 5) practice. The novel aspect is that the model is expressed as probability density distribution of gaze, which allows for deriving total selection time. We present novel data that replicates and extends the Nielsen menu selection paradigm and uses eye-tracking and mouse tracking to confirm model predictions. The same parametrization yielded a high fit to both menu selection time and gaze distributions. The model has the potential to improve menu designs by helping designers identify more effective solutions without conducting empirical studies.	Model of visual search and selection time in linear menus	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
David E. Kieras:Anthony J. Hornof	Being able to predict the performance of interface designs using models of human cognition and performance is a long-standing goal of HCI research. This paper presents recent advances in cognitive modeling which permit increasingly realistic and accurate predictions for visual human-computer interaction tasks such as icon search by incorporating an "active vision" approach which emphasizes eye movements to visual features based on the availability of features in relationship to the point of gaze. A high fidelity model of a classic visual search task demonstrates the value of incorporating visual acuity functions into models of visual performance. The features captured by the high-fidelity model are then used to formulate a model simple enough for practical use, which is then implemented in an easy-to-use GLEAN modeling tool. Easy-to-use predictive models for complex visual search are thus feasible and should be further developed.	Towards accurate and practical predictive models of active-vision-based visual search	NA:NA	2014
Yunfeng Zhang:Anthony J. Hornof	Human multitasking often involves complex task interactions and subtle tradeoffs which might be best understood through detailed computational cognitive modeling, yet traditional cognitive modeling approaches may not explore a sufficient range of task strategies to reveal the true complexity of multitasking behavior. This study proposes a systematic approach for exploring a large number of strategies using a computer-cluster-based parallelized modeling system. The paper demonstrates the efficacy of the approach for investigating and revealing the effects of different microstrategies on human performance, both within and across individuals, for a time-pressured multimodal dual task. The modeling results suggest that multitasking performance is not simply a matter of interleaving cognitive and sensorimotor processing but is instead heavily influenced by the selection of subtask microstrategies.	Understanding multitasking through parallelized strategy exploration and individualized cognitive modeling	NA:NA	2014
Duncan P. Brumby:Anna L. Cox:Jacqueline Chung:Byron Fernandes	When searching a display, users sometimes know what the target is but sometimes do not. It has generally been assumed that for this latter case people must engage in a deeper semantic evaluation of items during the search process. This idea is central to Information Foraging theory. But do people actually spend longer assessing items when engaged in a semantically demanding search task' We investigate this by having participants locate target items in 16-item menus. Participants were either told exactly what to look for (known-item search) or they were told the category that the target belonged to (semantic search). Participants were faster and more accurate at known-item searches. Eye-movement data show that this was because participants were more likely to skip over items when performing known-item searches. Contrary to expectation, we found limited empirical evidence to support the idea that deeper semantic evaluations of items lead to longer gaze durations (this occurred only when items were arranged very close together). This finding is important because it reveals how people adopt different eye gaze strategies depending on the kind of search activity they are engaged in.	How does knowing what you are looking for change visual search behavior?	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Antti Oulasvirta	Predictive models in HCI, such as models of user performance, are often expressed as multivariate nonlinear regressions. This approach has been preferred, because it is compact and allows scrutiny. However, existing modeling tools in HCI, along with the common statistical packages, are limited to predefined nonlinear models or support linear models only. To assist researchers in the task of identifying novel nonlinear models, we propose a stochastic local search method that constructs equations iteratively. Instead of predefining a model equation, the researcher defines constraints that guide the search process. Comparison of outputs to published baselines in HCI shows improvements in model fit in seven out of 11 cases. We present a few ways in which the method can help HCI researchers explore modeling problems. We conclude that the approach is particularly suitable for complex datasets that have many predictor variables.	Automated nonlinear regression modeling for HCI	NA	2014
Joanna McGrenere	NA	Session details: Engaging older adults through technology	NA	2014
Alexis Hope:Ted Schwaba:Anne Marie Piper	Online technologies are promising for helping older adults maintain social connectedness, particularly with younger people, yet many older adults resist or participate minimally in the mainstream technologies used by younger members of their social network. We present results from an interview study involving 22 older adults (age 71-92) to understand communication preferences and values related to social media. Seniors articulate many concerns with online social media, including the time required for legitimate participation, the loss of deeper communication, content irrelevance, and privacy. Additionally, older adults engage in social practices that could be supported by online social technologies, but they rarely use such tools. The theme of material social communications emerges from our data, and we examine this in context of online social media. We conclude with design considerations for the development of social media for older adults, and as part of this we describe the notion of bridging technologies as a framework for intergenerational communication design.	Understanding digital and material social communications for older adults	NA:NA:NA	2014
Yvonne Rogers:Jeni Paay:Margot Brereton:Kate L. Vaisutis:Gary Marsden:Frank Vetere	Within HCI, aging is often viewed in terms of designing assistive technologies to improve the lives of older people, such as those who are suffering from frailty or memory loss. Our research adopts a very different approach, reframing the relationship in terms of wisdom, creativity and invention. We ran a series of workshops where groups of retirees, aged between early 60s and late 80s, used the MaKey MaKey inventor's toolkit. We asked them to think about inventing the future and suggest ideas for new technologies. Our findings showed that they not only rose to the challenge but also mastered the technology, collaborated intensely together while using it and freely and at length discussed their own, their family's and others' relationship with technology. We discuss the value of empowering people in this way and consider what else could be invented to enable more people to be involved in the design and use of creative technologies.	Never too old: engaging retired people inventing the future with MaKey MaKey	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Chris Norval:John L. Arnott:Vicki L. Hanson	Social networking sites (SNSs) are becoming increasingly popular as a method for social interaction. While research has reported benefits associated with components of SNS usage, a digital divide has emerged between younger and older users. SNSs can be useful for communicating with family members and helping one feel digitally included; however, there are a wide range of reasons why many older adults choose not to use this kind of technology. We present a series of user studies investigating the barriers and challenges that SNSs can present to older users. These user studies led to the derivation of user recommendations to mitigate these barriers. The recommendations were then evaluated within a comparative evaluation which involved 25 older adults completing tasks on two interface versions of a simulation SNS. We present the recommendations and the methods of their creation and evaluation. Implications for developers of SNSs are discussed.	What's on your mind?: investigating recommendations for inclusive social networking and older adults	NA:NA:NA	2014
Yuling Sun:Xianghua Ding:Silvia Lindtner:Tun Lu:Ning Gu	System design for seniors often focuses on the decline of their biological capabilities and social connectedness. This approach has been challenged as too simplistic to capture what it really means to be senior. This paper presents a qualitative study of 17 seniors in urban China (age ranging from 50s to 70s), who have adopted and incorporated ICT into their daily lives. Findings from this study show that the ways in which seniors attend to ICT are not simply shaped by changes in health or other wellbeing, but also by their life attitudes, value systems, relationships to younger generations as well as historical specifics during their coming of age. This paper contributes by showing that 1) what it means to be senior is shaped from within a whole social ecology of past and current experiences, values and interactions; 2) senior identities are not fixed, but continuously negotiated, articulated and enacted through ICT; 3) social interaction and access of technologies are highly intertwined.	Being senior and ICT: a study of seniors using ICT in China	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
John Thomas	NA	Session details: Computer mediated intimacy and romance	NA	2014
Jeffrey Bardzell:Shaowen Bardzell:Guo Zhang:Tyler Pace	Designing for sociable systems requires, among other abilities, a sensitivity to the meanings, structures, and nuances of technology-mediated experiences that are simultaneously felt by users to be intimate and also social. Such a sensitivity is not easily acquired, and design researchers have recommended the use of social theories to guide designers' readings of technology-mediated social experiences. We use philosopher Michel Foucault's theory of identity (and social power, discourse, sexuality, creativity, and style) known as "the care of the self," as a scaffold with which to produce a sensitive interpretation of the intimacy (and expert social creative) practices of adult users of the virtual world Second Life (SL). This reading sheds light on several skilled and creative intimacy practices in SL. It also offers a philosophically grounded hermeneutic strategy for designers interested in analyzing intimate experiences.	The lonely raccoon at the ball: designing for intimacy, sociability, and selfhood	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Lauren E. Scissors:Michael E Roloff:Darren Gergle	This work explores the role of communication technologies during romantic couple conflict, and the impact that self-esteem has on behavior, preferences for communication channels, and attitudes about mediated communication during conflict. Results revealed that lower levels of self-esteem and communicating via text messaging (vs. face-to-face) were associated with increased distancing and perceived partner distancing behaviors. Lower levels of self-esteem and using mediated communication were also associated with a greater likelihood of thinking that a conflict had a negative impact on the relationship. Yet, there was no evidence to suggest that individuals with lower levels of self-esteem exhibited more negative behaviors and perceptions in text-based communication than in FtF communication. In addition, lower levels of self-esteem were associated with increased use of and preferences for text-based mediated communication over FtF communication during conflict. Overall, this study suggests that both self-esteem and communication channel impact the nature of romantic couple conflict.	Room for interpretation: the role of self-esteem and CMC in romantic couple conflict	NA:NA:NA	2014
Joe Mullenbach:Craig Shultz:J. Edward Colgate:Anne Marie Piper	This paper explores the use of variable friction surface haptics enabled by the TPad Tablet to support affective communication between pairs of users. We introduce three haptic applications for the TPad Tablet (text messaging, image sharing, and virtual touch) and evaluate the applications with 24 users, including intimate couples and strangers. Participants used haptics to communicate literal texture, denote action within a scene, convey emotional information, highlight content, express and engage in physical playfulness, and to provide one's partner with an experience or sensation. We conclude that users readily associate haptics with emotional expression and that the intimacy of touch in the contexts we study is best suited for communications with close social partners.	Exploring affective communication through variable-friction surface haptics	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Joohee Park:Young-Woo Park:Tek-Jin Nam	We introduce Wrigglo, a shape-changing smart phone peripheral that allows pairs of users to share wriggling movements with one another. Attached to a smart phone, Wrigglo captures the sender's motions and activates the receiver's Wrigglo which repeats the motion simultaneously. The result of our in-lab use observation with twelve couples showed that Wrigglo supported emotional and functional roles of body gestures and postures, creating vocabularies related to the motion of specific body parts and, to some extent, reflected the connected user's presence through the device's movement. Through its peripheral anthropomorphization, Wrigglo can deliver new forms of telepresence by embodied posturing and gesturing in mobile communication.	Wrigglo: shape-changing peripheral for interpersonal mobile communication	NA:NA:NA	2014
Patrick Olivier	NA	Session details: Network of care	NA	2014
Panote Siriaraya:Chee Siang Ang	This paper describes a study aimed to understand the use of 3D virtual world (VW) technology to support life engagement for people with dementia in long-term care. Three versions of VW prototypes (reminiscence room, virtual tour and gardening) utilising gestured-base interaction were developed iteratively. These prototypes were tested with older residents (80+) with dementia in care homes and their caregivers. Data collection was based on observations of how the residents and care staff interacted collaboratively with the VW. We discussed in depth the use of VWs in stimulating past memories and how this technology could help enhance their sense of self through various means. We also highlighted key approaches in designing VWs to sustain attention, create ludic experiences and facilitate interaction for older people with dementia.	Recreating living experiences from past memories through virtual worlds for people with dementia	NA:NA	2014
Lin Wan:Claudia Müller:Volker Wulf:David William Randall	In this work we present a user-centered development process for a GPS-based monitoring system to be used in dementia care. Our research covers a full design process including a qualitative-empirical pre-study, the prototyping process and the investigation of long-term appropriation processes of the stable prototypes in three different practice environments. Specifically, we deal with the problem of 'wandering' by persons suffering from late-phase dementia. Although GPS tracking is not a novel technological objective, the usage of those systems in dementia care remains very low. The paper therefore takes a socio-technical stance on development and appropriation of GPS technology in dementia care and assesses the practical and ideological issues surrounding care to understand why. We additionally provide design research in two different settings, familial and institutional care, and report on the design of a GPS-based tracking system reflecting these considerations. What comes to the fore is the need for ICT to reflect complex organizational, ideological and practical issues that form part of a moral universe where sensitivity is crucial.	Addressing the subtleties in dementia care: pre-study & evaluation of a GPS monitoring system	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Xiaomu Zhou:Si Sun:Jiang Yang	China has overtaken India and the U.S. as host to the largest diabetic population in the world. Many problems exist in the Chinese healthcare system and very small number of diabetes patients receives treatment. Our paper reports on a case study through the lens of an online diabetes patient community, Sweet Home. We conducted participant observations, text analysis, and interviews, to understand the health management of patients at Sweet Home. Our findings reveal that patients' understanding of diabetes, their choice of treatments, their routine management, and their interactions with others (in the physical world) and among themselves (in the online world) are influenced by many factors: belief in traditional Chinese versus western medicine, cultural and social norms regarding social eating and drinking, conflicts over self-images, and responses to comments and pressures of coworkers. That is, social context may significantly affect patients' behaviors and each individual patient's actions may also help reshape the social context. We draw out implications for how our society as a whole may respond to these issues, from the perspective of public health, education, and information technology design.	Sweet Home: understanding diabetes management via a chinese online community	NA:NA:NA	2014
Morgan Dixon	NA	Session details: Tutorials	NA	2014
Ben Lafreniere:Tovi Grossman:Justin Matejka:George Fitzmaurice	Short video demonstrations are effective resources for helping users to learn tools in feature-rich software. However manually creating demonstrations for the hundreds (or thousands) of individual features in these programs would be impractical. In this paper, we investigate the potential for identifying good tool demonstrations from within screen recordings of users performing real-world tasks. Using an instrumented image-editing application, we collected workflow video content and log data from actual end users. We then developed a heuristic for identifying demonstration clips, and had the quality of a sample set of clips evaluated by both domain experts and end users. This multi-step approach allowed us to characterize the quality of 'naturally occurring' tool demonstrations, and to derive a list of good and bad features of these videos. Finally, we conducted an initial investigation into using machine learning techniques to distinguish between good and bad demonstrations.	Investigating the feasibility of extracting tool demonstrations from in-situ video content	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Juho Kim:Phu Tran Nguyen:Sarah Weir:Philip J. Guo:Robert C. Miller:Krzysztof Z. Gajos	Millions of learners today use how-to videos to master new skills in a variety of domains. But browsing such videos is often tedious and inefficient because video player interfaces are not optimized for the unique step-by-step structure of such videos. This research aims to improve the learning experience of existing how-to videos with step-by-step annotations. We first performed a formative study to verify that annotations are actually useful to learners. We created ToolScape, an interactive video player that displays step descriptions and intermediate result thumbnails in the video timeline. Learners in our study performed better and gained more self-efficacy using ToolScape versus a traditional video player. To add the needed step annotations to existing how-to videos at scale, we introduce a novel crowdsourcing workflow. It extracts step-by-step structure from an existing video, including step times, descriptions, and before and after images. We introduce the Find-Verify-Expand design pattern for temporal and visual annotation, which applies clustering, text processing, and visual analysis algorithms to merge crowd output. The workflow does not rely on domain-specific customization, works on top of existing videos, and recruits untrained crowd workers. We evaluated the workflow with Mechanical Turk, using 75 cooking, makeup, and Photoshop videos on YouTube. Results show that our workflow can extract steps with a quality comparable to that of trained annotators across all three domains with 77% precision and 81% recall.	Crowdsourcing step-by-step information extraction to enhance existing how-to videos	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Cheng-Yao Wang:Wei-Chen Chu:Hou-Ren Chen:Chun-Yen Hsu:Mike Y. Chen	We present EverTutor, a system that automatically generates interactive tutorials on smartphone from user demonstration. For tutorial authors, it simplifies the tutorial creation. For tutorial users, it provides contextual step-by-step guidance and avoids the frequent context switching between tutorials and users' primary tasks. In order to generate the tutorials automatically, EverTutor records low-level touch events to detect gestures and identify on-screen targets. When a tutorial is browsed, the system uses vision-based techniques to locate the target regions and overlays the corresponding input prompt contextually. It also identifies the correctness of users' interaction to guide the users step by step. We conducted a 6-person user study for creating tutorials and a 12-person user study for browsing tutorials, and we compared EverTutor's interactive tutorials to static and video ones. Study results show that creating tutorials by EverTutor is simpler and faster than producing static and video tutorials. Also, when using the tutorials, the task completion time for interactive tutorials were 3-6 times faster than static and video tutorials regardless of age group. In terms of user preference, 83% of the users chose interactive type as the preferred tutorial type and rated it easiest to follow and easiest to understand.	EverTutor: automatically creating interactive guided tutorials on smartphones by user demonstration	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Andrea Bunt:Patrick Dubois:Ben Lafreniere:Michael A. Terry:David T. Cormack	User comments posted to popular online tutorials constitute a rich additional source of information for readers, yet current designs for displaying user comments on tutorial webpages do little to support their use. Instead, comments are separated from the tutorial content they reference and tend to be ordered according to post date. We propose and evaluate the TaggedComments system, a new approach to displaying comments that users post to online tutorials. Using tags supplied by commenters, TaggedComments seeks to enhance the role of user comments by 1) improving their visibility, 2) allowing users to personalize their use of the comments according to their particular information needs, and 3) providing direct access to potentially helpful comments from the tutorial content. A laboratory evaluation with 16 participants shows that, in comparison to the standard comment layout, TaggedComments significantly improves users' subjective impressions of comment utility when interacting with Photoshop tutorials.	TaggedComments: promoting and integrating user comments in online application tutorials	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
David Kirk	NA	Session details: Driving interfaces and evaluations	NA	2014
Jin-Hyuk Hong:Ben Margines:Anind K. Dey	Driving aggressively increases the risk of accidents. Assessing a person's driving style is a useful way to guide aggressive drivers toward having safer driving behaviors. A number of studies have investigated driving style, but they often rely on the use of self-reports or simulators, which are not suitable for the real-time, continuous, automated assessment and feedback on the road. In order to understand and model aggressive driving style, we construct an in-vehicle sensing platform that uses a smartphone instead of using heavyweight, expensive systems. Utilizing additional cheap sensors, our sensing platform can collect useful information about vehicle movement, maneuvering and steering wheel movement. We use this data and apply machine learning to build a driver model that evaluates drivers' driving styles based on a number of driving-related features. From a naturalistic data collection from 22 drivers for 3 weeks, we analyzed the characteristics of drivers who have an aggressive driving style. Our model classified those drivers with an accuracy of 90.5% (violation-class) and 81% (questionnaire-class). We describe how, in future work, our model can be used to provide real-time feedback to drivers using only their current smartphone.	A smartphone-based sensing platform to model aggressive driving behaviors	NA:NA:NA	2014
Erin T. Solovey:Marin Zec:Enrique Abdon Garcia Perez:Bryan Reimer:Bruce Mehler	Understanding the driver's cognitive load is important for evaluating in-vehicle user interfaces. This paper describes experiments to assess machine learning classification algorithms on their ability to automatically identify elevated cognitive workload levels in drivers, leading towards the development of robust tools for automobile user interface evaluation. We look at using both driver performance as well as physiological data. These measures can be collected in real-time and do not interfere with the primary task of driving the vehicle. We report classification accuracies of up to 90% for detecting elevated levels of cognitive load, and show that the inclusion of physiological data leads to higher classification accuracy than vehicle sensor data evaluated alone. Finally, we show results suggesting that models can be built to classify cognitive load across individuals, instead of building individual models for each per-son. By collecting data from drivers in two large field studies on the highway (20 drivers and 99 drivers), this work extends prior work and demonstrates feasibility and potential of such measures for HCI research in vehicles.	Classifying driver workload using physiological and driving performance data: two field studies	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Ioannis Politis:Stephen A. Brewster:Frank Pollick	Previous studies have investigated audio, visual and tactile driver warnings, indicating the importance of communicating the appropriate level of urgency to the drivers. However, these modalities have never been combined exhaustively and tested under conditions of varying situational urgency to assess their effectiveness both in the presence and absence of critical driving events. This paper describes an experiment evaluating all multimodal combinations of such warnings under two contexts of situational urgency: a lead car braking and not braking. The results showed that participants responded quicker to more urgent warnings, especially in the presence of a car braking. They also responded faster to the multimodal as opposed to unimodal signals. Driving behaviour improved in the presence of the warnings and the absence of a car braking. These results highlight the influence of urgency and number of modalities in warning design and indicate the utility of non-visual warnings in driving.	Evaluating multimodal driver displays under varying situational urgency	NA:NA:NA	2014
Jörg Müller	NA	Session details: Gesture-based interaction	NA	2014
Gustavo Alberto Rovelo Ruiz:Davy Vanacken:Kris Luyten:Francisco Abad:Emilio Camahort	Omni-directional video (ODV) is a novel medium that offers viewers a 360º panoramic recording. This type of content will become more common within our living rooms in the near future, seeing that immersive displaying technologies such as 3D television are on the rise. However, little attention has been given to how to interact with ODV content. We present a gesture elicitation study in which we asked users to perform mid-air gestures that they consider to be appropriate for ODV interaction, both for individual as well as collocated settings. We are interested in the gesture variations and adaptations that come forth from individual and collocated usage. To this end, we gathered quantitative and qualitative data by means of observations, motion capture, questionnaires and interviews. This data resulted in a user-defined gesture set for ODV, alongside an in-depth analysis of the variation in gestures we observed during the study.	Multi-viewer gesture-based interaction for omni-directional video	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Adrian Reetz:Carl Gutwin	Co-located work environments allow people to maintain awareness by observing others' actions (called consequen-tial communication), but the computerization of many tasks has dramatically reduced the observability of work actions. The recent interest in gestural interaction techniques offers the possibility of recreating some of the noticeability of previous work actions, but little is known about the observability and identifiability of command gestures. To investigate these basic issues, we carried out a study that asked people to observe and identify different sizes and morphologies of gestures from different locations, while carrying out an attention-demanding primary task. We studied small (tablet sized), medium (monitor-sized), and large (full-arm) gestures. Our study showed that although size did have significant effects, as expected, even small gestures were highly noticeable (rates above 75%) and identifiable (rates above 69%). Our results provide empirical guidance about the ways that gesture size, morphology, and location affect observation, and show that gestural interaction has potential for improving group awareness in co-located environments.	Making big gestures: effects of gesture size on observability and identification for co-located group awareness	NA:NA	2014
Kathrin Probst:David Lindlbauer:Michael Haller:Bernhard Schwartz:Andreas Schrempf	During everyday office work we are used to controlling our computers with keyboard and mouse, while the majority of our body remains unchallenged and the physical workspace around us stays largely unattended. Addressing this untapped potential, we explore the concept of turning a flexible office chair into a ubiquitous input device. To facilitate daily desktop work, we propose the utilization of semaphoric chair gestures that can be assigned to specific application functionalities. The exploration of two usage scenarios in the context of focused and peripheral interaction demonstrates high potential of chair gestures as additional input modality for opportunistic, hands-free interaction.	A chair as ubiquitous input device: exploring semaphoric chair gestures for focused and peripheral interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Consuelo Valdes:Diana Eastman:Casey Grote:Shantanu Thatte:Orit Shaer:Ali Mazalek:Brygg Ullmer:Miriam K. Konkel	Multi-touch and tangible interfaces provide unique opportunities for enhancing learning and discovery with big data. However, existing interaction techniques have limitations when manipulating large data sets. Our goal is to define novel interaction techniques for multi-touch and tangible interfaces, which support the construction of complex queries for big data. In this paper, we present results from a study which investigates the use of gestural interaction with active tokens for manipulating large data sets. In particular, we studied user expectations of a hybrid tangible and gestural language engaging this space. Our main results include a vocabulary of user-defined gestures for interaction with active tokens, which extends beyond familiar multi-touch gestures; characterization of the design space of gestural interaction with active tokens; and insight into participants' mental models, including common metaphors. We also present implications for the design of multi-touch and tangible interfaces with active tokens.	Exploring the design space of gestural interaction with active tokens through user-defined gestures	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Aaron Quigley	NA	Session details: Interactive surfaces and pervasive displays	NA	2014
Christian Winkler:Julian Seifert:David Dobbelstein:Enrico Rukzio	The vision of pervasive ambient information displays which show relevant information has not yet come true. One of the main reasons is the limited number of available displays in the environment which is a fundamental requirement of the original vision. We introduce the concept of an Ambient Mobile Pervasive Display AMP-D which is a wearable projector system that constantly projects an ambient information display in front of the user. The floor display provides serendipitous access to public and personal information. The display is combined with a projected display on the user's hand, forming a continuous interaction space that is controlled by hand gestures. The paper introduces this novel device concept, discusses its interaction design, and explores its advantages through various implemented application examples. Furthermore, we present the AMP-D prototype which illustrates the involved challenges concerning hardware, sensing, and visualization.	Pervasive information through constant personal projection: the ambient mobile pervasive display (AMP-D)	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Roman Rädle:Hans-Christian Jetter:Jens Müller:Harald Reiterer	Dynamic peephole navigation is an increasingly popular technique for navigating large information spaces such as maps. Users can view the map through handheld, spatially aware displays that serve as peepholes and navigate the map by moving these displays in physical space. We conducted a controlled experiment of peephole map navigation with 16 participants to better understand the effect of a peephole's size on users' map navigation behavior, navigation performance, and task load. Simulating different peephole sizes from 4' (smartphone) up to 120' (control condition), we confirmed that larger peepholes significantly improve learning speed, navigation speed, and reduce task load; however, this added benefit diminishes with growing sizes. Our data shows that a relatively small, tablet-sized peephole can serve as a 'sweet spot' between peephole size and both user navigation performance and user task load.	Bigger is not always better: display size, performance, and task load during peephole map navigation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Alex M. Grau:Charles Hendee:John-Ross Rizzo:Ken Perlin	We present Mechanical Force Redistribution (MFR): a method of sensing which creates an anti-aliased image of forces applied to a surface. This technique mechanically focuses the force from a surface onto adjacent discrete forcels (force sensing cells) by way of protrusions (small bumps or pegs), allowing for high-accuracy interpolation between adjacent discrete forcels. MFR works with any force transducing technique or material, including force variable resistive inks, piezoelectric materials and capacitive force plates. MFR sensors can be tiled such that the signal is continuous across contiguous tiles. By minimizing active materials and computational complexity, MFR makes large-format interactive walls, collaborative tabletops and high-resolution floor tiles possible and economically feasible.	Mechanical force redistribution: enabling seamless, large-format, high-accuracy surface interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Can Liu:Olivier Chapuis:Michel Beaudouin-Lafon:Eric Lecolinet:Wendy E. Mackay	The advent of ultra-high resolution wall-size displays and their use for complex tasks require a more systematic analysis and deeper understanding of their advantages and drawbacks compared with desktop monitors. While previous work has mostly addressed search, visualization and sense-making tasks, we have designed an abstract classification task that involves explicit data manipulation. Based on our observations of real uses of a wall display, this task represents a large category of applications. We report on a controlled experiment that uses this task to compare physical navigation in front of a wall-size display with virtual navigation using pan-and-zoom on the desktop. Our main finding is a robust interaction effect between display type and task difficulty: while the desktop can be faster than the wall for simple tasks, the wall gains a sizable advantage as the task becomes more difficult. A follow-up study shows that other desktop techniques (overview+detail, lens) do not perform better than pan-and-zoom and are therefore slower than the wall for difficult tasks.	Effects of display size and navigation type on a classification task	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
William Odom	NA	Session details: Social Media for Relationships	NA	2014
Jed R. Brubaker:Lynn S. Dombrowski:Anita M. Gilbert:Nafiri Kusumakaulika:Gillian R. Hayes	This paper extends research on the giving and inheriting of digital artifacts by examining social network site accounts post-mortem. Given the important role that social network sites play in online bereavement practices, we conducted a series of in-depth qualitative interviews to explore issues around inheritance and post-mortem data management of Facebook accounts. We found that participants focused less on ownership of the data, and instead on the duties and potential conflicts associated with maintaining an account post-mortem. Subsequently, we argue for 'stewardship' as an alternative to inheritance for framing post-mortem data management practices. Analysis of post-mortem data management activities highlights how stewards are accountable and responsible to the deceased and various survivors. However, weighing competing responsibilities is complicated by varied relationships with disparate survivors, as well as the inability to consult with the deceased. Based on our findings, we claim that post-mortem solutions need to account for the needs of stewards in addition to those of the deceased and survivors. We suggest that a model of stewardship better accounts for the interpersonal responsibilities that accompany online data than inheritance alone.	Stewarding a legacy: responsibilities and relationships in the management of post-mortem data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Jenny Waycott:Hilary Davis:Frank Vetere:Amee Morgans:Alan Gruner:Elizabeth Ozanne:Lars Kulik	In this paper we examine the use of a novel social technology to support the provision of formal aged care services to clients who live in their own homes. Social technologies offer enormous potential for enhancing aged care, but research on their use in aged care has largely focused on institutional or informal care settings, rather than formal care in the home. Meanwhile, technologies for aging in place typically focus on monitoring and security, rather than psychosocial support. We conducted a field study in which aged care managers used a photo and message-sharing tool to communicate with clients living in their own homes. Our findings demonstrate that visual and social forms of communication are valuable for supporting psychosocial care-giving, but there are barriers to effectively adopting new communication tools in this setting. Time constraints inhibited care managers' use of the technology, which was also influenced by their efforts to carefully maintain boundaries between their personal and professional lives.	Captioned photographs in psychosocial aged care: relationship building and boundary work	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2014
Azadeh Forghani:Carman Neustaedter	A variety of systems have been designed to support communication between distance-separated grandparents and grandchildren. Yet there are few studies of the actual conversational routines of these groups as well as the social challenges that might arise as a result of technology usage. To address this gap, we conducted an interview and diary study that explores the conversational practices of distance-separated grandparents and young grandchildren (aged 3-10) from the perspective of the grandparents and parents of the children. Our results describe the focus of grandparent-grandchild conversations and show that grandparent-grandchild communication is not without its challenges: grandparents sometimes feel self-conscious, perceive that parents or children will be annoyed if they ask too many questions, and do not want to interfere too much in their grandchildren's lives. The implication is that designs should attempt to support the conversation routines and needs of grandparents and grandchildren while attempting to mitigate the social challenges.	The routines and needs of grandparents and parents for grandparent-grandchild conversations over distance	NA:NA	2014
Jörg Müller	NA	Session details: Non-Rigid Interaction Surfaces	NA	2015
Lining Yao:Jifei Ou:Chin-Yi Cheng:Helene Steiner:Wen Wang:Guanyun Wang:Hiroshi Ishii	Nature has engineered its own actuators, as well as the efficient material composition, geometry and structure to utilize its actuators and achieve functional transformation. Based on the natural phenomenon of cells' hygromorphic transformation, we introduce the living Bacillus Subtilis natto cell as a humidity sensitive nanoactuator. In this paper, we unfold the process of exploring and comparing cell types that are proper for HCI use, the development of the composite biofilm, the development of the responsive structures, the control setup for actuating biofilms, and a simulation and fabrication platform. Finally, we provide a variety of application designs, with and without computer control to demonstrate the potential of our bio actuators. Through this paper, we intend to enable the use of natto cells and our platform technologies for HCI researchers, designers and bio-hackers. More generally, we try to encourage the research and use of biological responsive materials and interdisciplinary research in HCI.	bioLogic: Natto Cells as Nanoactuators for Shape Changing Interfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Deepak Ranjan Sahoo:Diego Martinez Plasencia:Sriram Subramanian	The form factors of displays using fog or water surface are limited by our ability to control the non-solid substances used as the diffuser. We propose a charging technique for polar aerosols (e.g., mist or fog) that allows control of the shape and trajectory of such non-solid diffusers using electric fields. We report experiments that allowed us to design a charging mechanism that produces charged fog aerosols with homogeneous electrical mobility. We illustrate our idea by demonstrating how electric fields can be used to control the shape of a fog display and the trajectory of a bubble display.	Control of Non-Solid Diffusers by Electrostatic Charging	NA:NA:NA	2015
Yomna Abdelrahman:Alireza Sahami Shirazi:Niels Henze:Albrecht Schmidt	Recent work demonstrated the exciting opportunities that thermal imaging offers for the development of interactive systems. It was shown that a thermal camera can sense when a user touches a surface, performs gestures in the camera's direct field of view and, in addition, performs gestures outside the camera's direct field of view through thermal reflection. In this paper, we investigate the material properties that should be considered for detecting interaction using thermal imaging considering both in- and outdoor settings. We conducted a study to analyze the recognition performance for different gestures and different surfaces. Using the results, we derive guidelines on material properties of surfaces for detecting on-surface as well as mid-air interaction using a thermal camera. We discuss the constrains that should be taken into account using thermal imaging as the sensing technology. Finally, we present a material space based on our findings. The space depicts surfaces and the required properties that enable the different interaction techniques.	Investigation of Material Properties for Thermal Imaging-Based Interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
John Hardy:Christian Weichel:Faisal Taher:John Vidler:Jason Alexander	This paper presents ShapeClip: a modular tool capable of transforming any computer screen into a z-actuating shape-changing display. This enables designers to produce dynamic physical forms by "clipping" actuators onto screens. ShapeClip displays are portable, scalable, fault-tolerant, and support runtime re-arrangement. Users are not required to have knowledge of electronics or programming, and can develop motion designs with presentation software, image editors, or web-technologies. To evaluate ShapeClip we carried out a full-day workshop with expert designers. Participants were asked to generate shape-changing designs and then construct them using ShapeClip. ShapeClip enabled participants to rapidly and successfully transform their ideas into functional systems.	ShapeClip: Towards Rapid Prototyping with Shape-Changing Displays for Designers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Masa Ogata:Masaaki Fukumoto	FluxPaper is a new paper-based medium that enables physical movement and dynamic interaction between a high-power magnetized paper and a programmable magnetic field. FluxPaper has a very thin patterned magnetic layer (0.1 mm) pasted behind the paper. A thin but strong neodymium-based magnet realizes fast, powerful, and precise physical actions while retaining the original characteristics of the paper that is widely used in our daily lives. Owing to an effective magnetic pattern and a computer-controlled magnetic field, FluxPaper can add new interaction modality to ordinary paper. We describe the functions of magnetized paper; challenges through realization; and the interaction scenarios in several applications, such as self-alignment, self-construction, floating on the board, and quickly picking out a target card from a stack.	FluxPaper: Reinventing Paper with Dynamic Actuation Powered by Magnetic Flux	NA:NA	2015
Ian Oakley	NA	Session details: What do I hear? Communicating with Sound	NA	2015
João Guerreiro:André Rodrigues:Kyle Montague:Tiago Guerreiro:Hugo Nicolau:Daniel Gonçalves	Tablet devices can display full-size QWERTY keyboards similar to the physical ones. Yet, the lack of tactile feedback and the inability to rest the fingers on the home keys result in a highly demanding and slow exploration task for blind users. We present SpatialTouch, an input system that leverages previous experience with physical QWERTY keyboards, by supporting two-handed interaction through multitouch exploration and spatial, simultaneous audio feedback. We conducted a user study, with 30 novice touchscreen participants entering text under one of two conditions: (1) SpatialTouch or (2) mainstream accessibility method Explore by Touch. We show that SpatialTouch enables blind users to leverage previous experience as they do a better use of home keys and perform more efficient exploration paths. Results suggest that although SpatialTouch did not result in faster input rates overall, it was indeed able to leverage previous QWERTY experience in contrast to Explore by Touch.	TabLETS Get Physical: Non-Visual Text Entry on Tablet Devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Mark Cartwright:Bryan Pardo	A natural way of communicating an audio concept is to imitate it with one's voice. This creates an approximation of the imagined sound (e.g. a particular owl's hoot), much like how a visual sketch approximates a visual concept (e.g a drawing of the owl). If a machine could understand vocal imitations, users could communicate with software in this natural way, enabling new interactions (e.g. programming a music synthesizer by imitating the desired sound with one's voice). In this work, we collect thousands of crowd-sourced vocal imitations of a large set of diverse sounds, along with data on the crowd's ability to correctly label these vocal imitations. The resulting data set will help the research community understand which audio concepts can be effectively communicated with this approach. We have released the data set so the community can study the related issues and build systems that leverage vocal imitation as an interaction modality.	VocalSketch: Vocally Imitating Audio Concepts	NA:NA	2015
Robert Tubb:Simon Dixon	This paper presents an investigation into musicians' ability to control sound synthesiser parameters using various inter- faces. The principal aim was to compare separate, 1D parameter controls (touchscreen sliders) to multidimensional con- trollers (an XY touchpad for 2D, the Leap Motion for 3D). Subjects had to match a target sound as quickly and accurately as possible. Results show that after about two hours of practice, the XY pad is 9% faster than two sliders for no accuracy loss, and the Leap is 17% faster than 3 sliders with 9% accuracy loss. The multidimensional controllers improved most with practice. A new perspective on Fitts' index of difficulty is presented: "Index of Search Space Reduction" (ISSR). ISSR and retrospective accuracy thresholds on the search trajectory are used to obtain straight line plots and throughput values. These plots reveal that the Leap's speed improvement was mainly due to reaction time, but the XY pad traversed the space faster.	An Evaluation of Multidimensional Controllers for Sound Design Tasks	NA:NA	2015
Ryohei Suzuki:Daisuke Sakamoto:Takeo Igarashi	We present a video annotation system called ``AnnoTone', which can embed various contextual information describing a scene, such as geographical location. Then the system allows the user to edit the video using this contextual information, enabling one to, for example, overlay with map or graphical annotations. AnnoTone converts annotation data into high-frequency audio signals (which are inaudible to the human ear), and then transmits them from a smartphone speaker placed near a video camera. This scheme makes it possible to add annotations using standard video cameras with no requirements for specific equipment other than a smartphone. We designed the audio watermarking protocol using dual-tone multi-frequency signaling, and developed a general-purpose annotation framework including an annotation generator and extractor. We conducted a series of performance tests to understand the reliability and the quality of the watermarking method. We then created several examples of video-editing applications using annotations to demonstrate the usefulness of Annotone, including an After Effects plug-in.	AnnoTone: Record-time Audio Watermarking for Context-aware Video Editing	NA:NA:NA	2015
Thomas Smith:Simon J. Bowen:Bettina Nissen:Jonathan Hook:Arno Verhoeven:John Bowers:Peter Wright:Patrick Olivier	Much of the knowing employed in skilled craft practice is difficult to communicate solely through written or verbal description. Consequently, the reflection and development of a craft practice in this manner may miss important nuances of practitioners' skills and experiences. We created digital technologies to sonify (using audio to perceptualize data) a group of craft practitioners' gestures to explore how we can aid their reflection in and on their craft, and consequently develop it. Over a number of workshops, the design of these sonifications were iterated based on how the practitioners responded to them. We found that direct sonification of gesture (sounds generated directly from motion sensor data) helped practitioners understand and reflect upon their own and each other's practice, encouraged discussion and enabled modification of craft technique.	Exploring Gesture Sonification to Support Reflective Craft Practice	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Wendy Mackay	NA	Session details: Rethinking Evaluation for Today's HCI	NA	2015
Kevin Chen:Haoqi Zhang	To test paper prototypes of mobile applications, we have been experimenting with remote paper prototype testing as an approach and tool for enabling a designer to wizard a paper prototype from afar while a user tests the prototype out of the lab. This paper presents a system for remote paper prototype testing that consists of (1) a video camera placed over a paper prototype, which streams a live audio-visual feed via Google Hangouts to a tester, and (2) Google Glass on the tester, which streams a live audio-visual-data feed to the facilitator and wizard. Results from a pilot study found that remote paper prototype testing helped designers gain valuable insights through use in realistic scenarios.	Remote Paper Prototype Testing	NA:NA	2015
Sandy Claes:Niels Wouters:Karin Slegers:Andrew Vande Moere	In this paper, we investigate the potential of controlled in-the-wild studies as an evaluation methodology that merges the benefits of lab-based and in-the-wild studies. Our exploratory investigation builds upon a comparative, between subject experiment benchmarking different interaction features of a custom public installation that visualized a series of urban datasets. In order to evaluate the usefulness of the in-the-wild versus the controlled in-the-wild methodologies, we compared the resulting findings in terms of participant engagement, insight generation, and social interaction. We propose that a controlled in-the-wild study offers a viable alternative when evaluating more complex interaction methods in public space, hereby potentially reducing the practical efforts of in-the-wild studies to involve participants.	Controlling In-the-Wild Evaluation Studies of Public Displays	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Anna Luusua:Johanna Ylipulli:Marko Jurmu:Henrika Pihlajaniemi:Piia Markkanen:Timo Ojala	We introduce evaluation probes for conducting emic, experiential evaluation of urban technologies "in the wild" without direct researcher presence. We commence with a thorough discussion and analysis of the original cultural probes, used by Gaver, Dunne and Pacenti to gain design inspiration, and their subsequent variations. We develop the concept of evaluation probes through careful re-conceptualization and application of the cultural probes in three successive studies conducted in the wild. We recount and reflect on our use of evaluation probes and discuss their merits and limitations in experiential emic evaluation.	Evaluation Probes	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Gunnar Harboe:Elaine M. Huang	Despite the availability of computer-based alternatives both for desktop and touch screen systems, a number of cooperative work processes still commonly rely on simple paper sticky notes. In this paper, we present the first in-depth investigation of the real-world practices of people who use paper-based affinity diagrams and similar clustering processes in their work, in order to identify challenges and requirements for technology support. Findings from retrospective and artifact-based interviews with 13 participants suggest ways in which the rich interactions and material affordances offered by paper are key to the process. Instead of seeking to replicate interactions with paper on a screen, simpler transfer of information between the physical and digital worlds has the potential to address many of the most pressing problems experienced in practice. We describe different types of technology integration and augmentation, with preliminary recommendations for different situations.	Real-World Affinity Diagramming Practices: Bridging the Paper-Digital Gap	NA:NA	2015
Cosmin Munteanu:Heather Molyneaux:Wendy Moncur:Mario Romero:Susan O'Donnell:John Vines	Most Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) researchers are accustomed to the process of formal ethics review for their evaluation or field trial protocol. Although this process varies by country, the underlying principles are universal. While this process is often a formality, for field research or lab-based studies with vulnerable users, formal ethics requirements can be challenging to navigate -- a common occurrence in the social sciences; yet, in many cases, foreign to HCI researchers. Nevertheless, with the increase in new areas of research such as mobile technologies for marginalized populations or assistive technologies, this is a current reality. In this paper we present our experiences and challenges in conducting several studies that evaluate interactive systems in difficult settings, from the perspective of the ethics process. Based on these, we draft recommendations for mitigating the effect of such challenges to the ethical conduct of research. We then issue a call for interaction researchers, together with policy makers, to refine existing ethics guidelines and protocols in order to more accurately capture the particularities of such field-based evaluations, qualitative studies, challenging lab-based evaluations, and ethnographic observations.	Situational Ethics: Re-thinking Approaches to Formal Ethics Requirements for Human-Computer Interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Lennart Nacke	NA	Session details: Improving Game Experiences	NA	2015
Melodie Vidal:Remi Bismuth:Andreas Bulling:Hans Gellersen	The eyes are a rich channel for non-verbal communication in our daily interactions. We propose social gaze interaction as a game mechanic to enhance user interactions with virtual characters. We develop a game from the ground-up in which characters are designed to be reactive to the player's gaze in social ways, such as getting annoyed when the player seems distracted or changing their dialogue depending on the player's apparent focus of attention. Results from a qualitative user study provide insights about how social gaze interaction is intuitive for users, elicits deep feelings of immersion, and highlight the players' self-consciousness of their own eye movements through their strong reactions to the characters.	The Royal Corgi: Exploring Social Gaze Interaction for Immersive Gameplay	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Arun Kulshreshth:Joseph J. LaViola, Jr.	We present the results of a comprehensive video game study which explores how the gaming experience is effected when several 3D user interface technologies are used simultaneously. We custom designed an air-combat game integrating several 3DUI technologies (stereoscopic 3D, head tracking, and finger-count gestures) and studied the combined effect of these technologies on the gaming experience. Our game design was based on existing design principles for optimizing the usage of these technologies in isolation. Additionally, to enhance depth perception and minimize visual discomfort, the game dynamically optimizes stereoscopic 3D parameters (convergence and separation) based on the user's look direction. We conducted a within subjects experiment where we examined performance data and self-reported data on users perception of the game. Our results indicate that participants performed significantly better when all the 3DUI technologies (stereoscopic 3D, head-tracking and finger-count gestures) were available simultaneously with head tracking as a dominant factor. We explore the individual contribution of each of these technologies to the overall gaming experience and discuss the reasons behind our findings.	Exploring 3D User Interface Technologies for Improving the Gaming Experience	NA:NA	2015
Zenja Ivkovic:Ian Stavness:Carl Gutwin:Steven Sutcliffe	Real-time games such as first-person shooters (FPS) are sensitive to even small amounts of lag. The effects of net-work latency have been studied, but less is known about local latency, the lag caused by input devices and displays. While local latency is important to gamers, we do not know how it affects aiming performance and whether we can reduce its negative effects. To explore these issues, we tested local latency in a variety of real-world gaming scenarios and carried out a controlled study focusing on targeting and tracking activities in an FPS game with varying degrees of local latency. In addition, we tested the ability of a lag compensation technique (based on aim assistance) to mitigate the negative effects. Our study found local latencies in the real-world range from 23 to 243 ms which cause significant and substantial degradation in performance (even for latencies as low as 41 ms). The study also showed that our compensation technique worked extremely well, reducing the problems caused by lag in the case of targeting, and removing the problem altogether in the case of tracking. Our work shows that local latency is a real and substantial problem -- but games can mitigate the problem with appropriate compensation methods.	Quantifying and Mitigating the Negative Effects of Local Latencies on Aiming in 3D Shooter Games	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Alena Denisova:Paul Cairns	Contemporary digital game developers offer a variety of games for the diverse tastes of their customers. Although the gaming experience often depends on one's preferences, the same may not apply to the level of their immersion. It has been argued whether the player perspective can influence the level of player's involvement with the game. The aim of this study was to research whether interacting with a game in first person perspective is more immersive than playing in the third person point of view (POV). The set up to test the theory involved participants playing a role-playing game in either mode, naming their preferred perspective, and subjectively evaluating their immersive experience. The results showed that people were more immersed in the game play when viewing the game world through the eyes of the character, regardless of their preferred perspectives.	First Person vs. Third Person Perspective in Digital Games: Do Player Preferences Affect Immersion?	NA:NA	2015
Jin Ha Lee:Sungsoo (Ray) Hong:Hyerim Cho:Yea-Seul Kim	Despite the growing interests in video games as consumer products as well as objects of research, current methods for accessing video games are limited. We present Vizmo as a new way of browsing video games based on their visual style and mood. In order to test the usability and usefulness of Vizmo, we asked 19 video game experts to evaluate their interaction with the tool. The results show that experts perceived Vizmo as a novel and aesthetically pleasing game discovery tool which would be most useful for game research on historical and aesthetic aspects. We discuss five key points for improving the design of Vizmo as well as our future plan for the next iteration of this prototype game browser.	VIZMO Game Browser: Accessing Video Games by Visual Style and Mood	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
David Shamma	NA	Session details: Facebook Newsfeeds & Friendships	NA	2015
Motahhare Eslami:Aimee Rickman:Kristen Vaccaro:Amirhossein Aleyasen:Andy Vuong:Karrie Karahalios:Kevin Hamilton:Christian Sandvig	Our daily digital life is full of algorithmically selected content such as social media feeds, recommendations and personalized search results. These algorithms have great power to shape users' experiences, yet users are often unaware of their presence. Whether it is useful to give users insight into these algorithms' existence or functionality and how such insight might affect their experience are open questions. To address them, we conducted a user study with 40 Facebook users to examine their perceptions of the Facebook News Feed curation algorithm. Surprisingly, more than half of the participants (62.5%) were not aware of the News Feed curation algorithm's existence at all. Initial reactions for these previously unaware participants were surprise and anger. We developed a system, FeedVis, to reveal the difference between the algorithmically curated and an unadulterated News Feed to users, and used it to study how users perceive this difference. Participants were most upset when close friends and family were not shown in their feeds. We also found participants often attributed missing stories to their friends' decisions to exclude them rather than to Facebook News Feed algorithm. By the end of the study, however, participants were mostly satisfied with the content on their feeds. Following up with participants two to six months after the study, we found that for most, satisfaction levels remained similar before and after becoming aware of the algorithm's presence, however, algorithmic awareness led to more active engagement with Facebook and bolstered overall feelings of control on the site.	"I always assumed that I wasn't really that close to [her]": Reasoning about Invisible Algorithms in News Feeds	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Paul Lapides:Apoorve Chokshi:Sheelagh Carpendale:Saul Greenberg	Over a billion people use social networking sites like Facebook to maintain awareness of their friends. Facebook's News Feed is the primary mechanism by which people are shown updates about their friends' daily activities on the site in the form of an algorithmically curated list of stories. This paper examines how people browse the News Feed, their perceptions and satisfaction while using it, and the interactions they make with their personal social network. We conducted a qualitative study involving think-aloud semi-structured interviews as the participants casually browsed their own feeds. We observed a wide variation in the use of the News Feed ranging from careful consideration of social conventions, judgment of people, and annoyance and frustration towards certain friends. Our findings suggest that people do not deliberately curate their own News Feed either due to lack of awareness or perceived social repercussions.	News Feed: What's in it for Me?	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Emilee Rader:Rebecca Gray	People are becoming increasingly reliant on online socio-technical systems that employ algorithmic curation to organize, select and present information. We wanted to understand how individuals make sense of the influence of algorithms, and how awareness of algorithmic curation may impact their interaction with these systems. We investigated user understanding of algorithmic curation in Facebook's News Feed, by analyzing open-ended responses to a survey question about whether respondents believe their News Feeds show them every post their Facebook Friends create. Responses included a wide range of beliefs and causal inferences, with different potential consequences for user behavior in the system. Because user behavior is both input for algorithms and constrained by them, these patterns of belief may have tangible consequences for the system as a whole.	Understanding User Beliefs About Algorithmic Curation in the Facebook News Feed	NA:NA	2015
Gary Hsieh	NA	Session details: Activism in Wikipedia & Beyond	NA	2015
Scott A. Hale	This article analyzes users who edit Wikipedia articles about Okinawa, Japan, in English and Japanese. It finds these users are among the most active and dedicated users in their primary languages, where they make many large, high-quality edits. However, when these users edit in their non-primary languages, they tend to make edits of a different type that are overall smaller in size and more often restricted to the narrow set of articles that exist in both languages. Design changes to motivate wider contributions from users in their non-primary languages and to encourage multilingual users to transfer more information across language divides are presented.	Cross-language Wikipedia Editing of Okinawa, Japan	NA	2015
Erik Borra:Esther Weltevrede:Paolo Ciuccarelli:Andreas Kaltenbrunner:David Laniado:Giovanni Magni:Michele Mauri:Richard Rogers:Tommaso Venturini	Collaborative content creation inevitably reaches situations where different points of view lead to conflict. We focus on Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia anyone may edit, where disputes about content in controversial articles often reflect larger societal debates. While Wikipedia has a public edit history and discussion section for every article, the substance of these sections is difficult to phantom for Wikipedia users interested in the development of an article and in locating which topics were most controversial. In this paper we present Contropedia, a tool that augments Wikipedia articles and gives insight into the development of controversial topics. Contropedia uses an efficient language agnostic measure based on the edit history that focuses on wiki links to easily identify which topics within a Wikipedia article have been most controversial and when.	Societal Controversies in Wikipedia Articles	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Shilad W. Sen:Heather Ford:David R. Musicant:Mark Graham:Os Keyes:Brent Hecht	Localness is an oft-cited benefit of volunteered geographic information (VGI). This study examines whether localness is a constant, universally shared benefit of VGI, or one that varies depending on the context in which it is produced. Focusing on articles about geographic entities (e.g. cities, points of interest) in 79 language editions of Wikipedia, we examine the localness of both the editors working on articles and the sources of the information they cite. We find extensive geographic inequalities in localness, with the degree of localness varying with the socioeconomic status of the local population and the health of the local media. We also point out the key role of language, showing that information in languages not native to a place tends to be produced and sourced by non-locals. We discuss the implications of this work for our understanding of the nature of VGI and highlight a generalizable technical contribution: an algorithm that determines the home country of the original publisher of online content.	Barriers to the Localness of Volunteered Geographic Information	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Amanda Menking:Ingrid Erickson	This note explores the issue of women's participation in Wikipedia through the lens of emotional labor. Using a grounded theory approach, we detail the kinds of tasks women Wikipedians choose to do and explore why they choose the work they do. We also explore the emotional costs of their labor and their strategies for coping. Our analysis of 20 interviews leads us to posit that the gendered and emotional labor required of many women to participate in Wikipedia's production renders it, problematically, a space of conflicting public and private spheres, motivated by antithetical open and closed values. In addition to other contributions, we believe this insight sheds light on some of the complex dynamics behind Wikipedia's observed gender gap.	The Heart Work of Wikipedia: Gendered, Emotional Labor in the World's Largest Online Encyclopedia	NA:NA	2015
Shih-Wen Huang:Minhyang (Mia) Suh:Benjamin Mako Hill:Gary Hsieh	E-petitioning has become one of the most important and popular forms of online activism. Although e-petition success is driven by user behavior, users have received relatively little study by HCI and social computing researchers. Drawing from theoretical and empirical work in analogous social computing systems, we identify two potentially competing theories about the trajectories of users in e-petition platforms: (1) "power" users in social computing systems are born, not made; and (2) users mature into "power" users. In a quantitative analysis of data from Change.org, one of the largest online e-petition platforms, we test and find support for both theories. A follow-up qualitative analysis shows that not only do users learn from their experience, systems also "learn" from users to make better recommendations. In this sense, we find that although power users are "born," they are also "made" through both processes of personal growth and improved support from the system.	How Activists Are Both Born and Made: An Analysis of Users on Change.org	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Shaun Kane	NA	Session details: HMDs & Wearables to Overcome Disabilities	NA	2015
Meethu Malu:Leah Findlater	Head-mounted displays provide relatively hands-free interaction that could improve mobile computing access for users with motor impairments. To investigate this largely unexplored area, we present two user studies. The first, smaller study evaluated the accessibility of Google Glass, a head-mounted display, with 6 participants. Findings revealed potential benefits of a head-mounted display yet demonstrated the need for alternative means of controlling Glass-3 of the 6 participants could not use it at all. We then conducted a second study with 12 participants to evaluate a potential alternative input mechanism that could allow for accessible control of a head-mounted display: switch-based wearable touchpads that can be affixed to the body or wheelchair. The study assessed input performance with three sizes of touchpad, investigated personalization patterns when participants were asked to place the touchpads on their body or wheelchair, and elicited subjective responses. All 12 participants were able to use the touchpads to control the display, and patterns of touchpad placement point to the value of personalization in providing support for each user's motor abilities.	Personalized, Wearable Control of a Head-mounted Display for Users with Upper Body Motor Impairments	NA:NA	2015
Kristin Williams:Karyn Moffatt:Denise McCall:Leah Findlater	Symbol-based dictionaries of text, images and sound can help individuals with aphasia find the words they need, but are often seen as a last resort because they tend to replace rather than augment the user's natural speech. Through two design investigations, we explore head-worn displays as a means of providing unobtrusive, always-available, and glanceable vocabulary support. The first study used narrative storyboards as a design probe to explore the potential benefits and challenges of a head-worn approach over traditional augmented alternative communication (AAC) tools. The second study then evaluated a proof-of-concept prototype in both a lab setting with the researcher and in situ with unfamiliar conversation partners at a local market. Findings suggest that a head-worn approach could better allow wearers to maintain focus on the conversation, reduce reliance on the availability of external tools (e.g., paper and pen) or people, and minimize visibility of the support by others. These studies should motivate further investigation of head-worn conversational support.	Designing Conversation Cues on a Head-Worn Display to Support Persons with Aphasia	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Dhruv Jain:Leah Findlater:Jamie Gilkeson:Benjamin Holland:Ramani Duraiswami:Dmitry Zotkin:Christian Vogler:Jon E. Froehlich	Persons with hearing loss use visual signals such as gestures and lip movement to interpret speech. While hearing aids and cochlear implants can improve sound recognition, they generally do not help the wearer localize sound necessary to leverage these visual cues. In this paper, we design and evaluate visualizations for spatially locating sound on a head-mounted display (HMD). To investigate this design space, we developed eight high-level visual sound feedback dimensions. For each dimension, we created 3-12 example visualizations and evaluated these as a design probe with 24 deaf and hard of hearing participants (Study 1). We then implemented a real-time proof-of-concept HMD prototype and solicited feedback from 4 new participants (Study 2). Study 1 findings reaffirm past work on challenges faced by persons with hearing loss in group conversations, provide support for the general idea of sound awareness visualizations on HMDs, and reveal preferences for specific design options. Although preliminary, Study 2 further contextualizes the design probe and uncovers directions for future work.	Head-Mounted Display Visualizations to Support Sound Awareness for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Simon Katan:Mick Grierson:Rebecca Fiebrink	We have applied interactive machine learning (IML) to the creation and customisation of gesturally controlled musical interfaces in six workshops with people with learning and physical disabilities. Our observations and discussions with participants demonstrate the utility of IML as a tool for participatory design of accessible interfaces. This work has also led to a better understanding of challenges in end-user training of learning models, of how people develop personalised interaction strategies with different types of pre-trained interfaces, and of how properties of control spaces and input devices influence people's customisation strategies and engagement with instruments. This work has also uncovered similarities between the musical goals and practices of disabled people and those of expert musicians.	Using Interactive Machine Learning to Support Interface Development Through Workshops with Disabled People	NA:NA:NA	2015
Mayank Goel:Chen Zhao:Ruth Vinisha:Shwetak N. Patel	Serious brain injuries, spinal injuries, and motor neuron diseases often lead to severe paralysis. Individuals with such disabilities can benefit from interaction techniques that enable them to interact with the devices and thereby the world around them. While a number of systems have proposed tongue-based gesture detection systems, most of these systems require intrusive instrumentation of the user's body (e.g., tongue piercing, dental retainers, multiple electrodes on chin). In this paper, we propose a wireless, non-intrusive and non-contact facial gesture detection system using X-band Doppler. The system can accurately differentiate between 8 different facial gestures through non-contact sensing, with an average accuracy of 94.3%.	Tongue-in-Cheek: Using Wireless Signals to Enable Non-Intrusive and Flexible Facial Gestures Detection	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Christophe Hurter	NA	Session details: Visualizing Data	NA	2015
Jian Zhao:Zhicheng Liu:Mira Dontcheva:Aaron Hertzmann:Alan Wilson	Event sequence data analysis is common in many domains, including web and software development, transportation, and medical care. Few have investigated visualization techniques for comparative analysis of multiple event sequence datasets. Grounded in the real-world characteristics of web clickstream data, we explore visualization techniques for comparison of two clickstream datasets collected on different days or from users with different demographics. Through iterative design with web analysts, we designed MatrixWave, a matrix-based representation that allows analysts to get an overview of differences in traffic patterns and interactively explore paths through the website. We use color to encode differences and size to offer context over traffic volume. User feedback on MatrixWave is positive. Our study participants made fewer errors with MatrixWave and preferred it over the more familiar Sankey diagram.	MatrixWave: Visual Comparison of Event Sequence Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Xiaotong Liu:Han-Wei Shen	Analyzing multiple networks at once is a common yet difficult task in many domains. Using adjacency matrices for this purpose, however, can be effective because of its superior ability to accommodate dense networks in a small area. We evaluate various representations and juxtaposition designs for visualizing adjacency matrices through a series of controlled experiments. We investigate the effect of using square matrices and triangular matrices on the speed and accuracy of performing graphical-perception tasks. Based on human symmetric perception, we propose two alternative juxtaposition designs to the conventional side-by-side juxtaposition, and study how users perform visual search and comparison tasks regarding different juxtaposition types. Our results show that the matrix representations have similar performance, and the matrix juxtaposition types perform differently. With the design guidelines derived from our studies, we present a compact visualization termed TileMatrix for juxtaposing a large number of matrices, and demonstrate its effectiveness in analyzing multi-faceted, time-varying networks using real-world data.	The Effects of Representation and Juxtaposition on Graphical Perception of Matrix Visualization	NA:NA	2015
Nan Cao:Yu-Ru Lin:Liangyue Li:Hanghang Tong	With the rapid growth of rich network data available through various sources such as social media and digital archives,there is a growing interest in more powerful network visual analysis tools and methods. The rich information about the network nodes and links can be represented as multivariate graphs, in which the nodes are accompanied with attributes to represent the properties of individual nodes. An important task often encountered in multivariate network analysis is to uncover link structure with groups, e.g., to understand why a person fits a specific job or certain role in a social group well.The task usually involves complex considerations including specific requirement of node attributes and link structure, and hence a fully automatic solution is typically not satisfactory.In this work, we identify the design challenges for min-ing groups with complex criteria and present an interactive system, "g-Miner," that enables visual mining of groups on multivariate graph data. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our system through case study and in-depth expert inter-views. This work contributes to understanding the design of systems for leveraging users' knowledge progressively with algorithmic capacity for tackling massive heterogeneous information.	g-Miner: Interactive Visual Group Mining on Multivariate Graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Fan Du:Nan Cao:Jian Zhao:Yu-Ru Lin	Animated transition has been a popular design choice for smoothly switching between different visualization views or layouts, in which movement trajectories are created as cues for tracking objects during location shifting. Tracking moving objects, however, becomes difficult when their movement paths overlap or the number of tracking targets increases. We propose a novel design to facilitate tracking moving objects in animated transitions. Instead of simply animating an object along a straight line, we create "bundled" movement trajectories for a group of objects that have spatial proximity and share similar moving directions. To study the effect of bundled trajectories, we untangle variations due to different aspects of tracking complexity in a comprehensive controlled user study. The results indicate that using bundled trajectories is particularly effective when tracking more targets (six vs. three targets) or when the object movement involves a high degree of occlusion or deformation. Based on the study, we discuss the advantages and limitations of the new technique, as well as provide design implications.	Trajectory Bundling for Animated Transitions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Kening Zhu	NA	Session details: Interaction in 3D Space	NA	2015
Simon T. Perrault:Eric Lecolinet:Yoann Pascal Bourse:Shengdong Zhao:Yves Guiard	Physical Loci, a technique based on an ancient memory technique, allows users to quickly learn a large command set by leveraging spatial, object and verbal/semantic memory to create a cognitive link between individual commands and nearby physical objects in a room (called loci). We first report on an experiment that showed that for learning 25 items Physical Loci outperformed a mid-air Marking Menu baseline. A long-term retention experiment with 48 items then showed that recall was nearly perfect one week later and, surprisingly, independent of whether the command/locus mapping was one's own choice or somebody else's. A final study suggested that recall performance is robust to alterations of the learned mapping, whether systematic or random.	Physical Loci: Leveraging Spatial, Object and Semantic Memory for Command Selection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Themis Omirou:Asier Marzo:Sue Ann Seah:Sriram Subramanian	LeviPath is a modular system to levitate objects across 3D paths. It consists of two opposed arrays of transducers that create a standing wave capable of suspending objects in mid-air. To control the standing wave, the system employs a novel algorithm based on combining basic patterns of movement. Our approach allows the control of multiple beads simultaneously along different 3D paths. Due to the patterns and the use of only two opposed arrays, the system is modular and can scale its interaction space by joining several LeviPaths. In this paper, we describe the hardware architecture, the basic patterns of movement and how to combine them to produce 3D path visualisations.	LeviPath: Modular Acoustic Levitation for 3D Path Visualisations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Mark Shovman:James Bown:Andrea Szymkowiak:Kenneth C. Scott-Brown	The increasing availability of 3D interfaces brings promise of improved user experience in diverse areas. Our study focuses on visual analytics, testing whether 3D interactivity improves performance in a visual data exploration task. Specifically, we compared scene rotation around vertical axis to a full 3D rotation using a InterSense IS-900 3D controller, in a task involving trivariate trend detection in a 3D scatterplot. We found that, while 3D rotation leads to slower performance, previous exposure to single-axis rotation removes that difference. This shows that an interactive 3D scatterplot can be an effective visual exploration technique for detecting trivariate patterns in the data, and highlights the role of interface learning in design and assessment of novel interfaces.	Twist and Learn: Interface Learning in 3DOF Exploration of 3D Scatterplots	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Merwan Achibet:Géry Casiez:Anatole Lécuyer:Maud Marchal	The hands of virtual characters are highly complex 3D models that can be tedious and time-consuming to animate with current methods. This paper introduces THING, a novel tablet-based approach that leverages multi-touch interaction for a quick and precise control of a 3D hand's pose. The flexion/extension and abduction/adduction of the virtual fingers can be controlled for each finger individually or for several fingers in parallel through sliding motions on the tablet's surface. We designed two variants of THING: (1) MobileTHING, which maps the spatial location and orientation of the tablet to that of the virtual hand, and (2) DesktopTHING, which combines multi-touch controls of fingers with traditional mouse controls for the hand's global position and orientation. We compared the usability of THING against mouse-only controls and a data glove in two controlled experiments. Results show that DesktopTHING was significantly preferred by users while providing performance similar to data gloves. Together, these results could pave the way to the introduction of novel hybrid user interfaces based on tablets and mice in future animation pipelines.	THING: Introducing a Tablet-based Interaction Technique for Controlling 3D Hand Models	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Gary Perelman:Marcos Serrano:Mathieu Raynal:Celia Picard:Mustapha Derras:Emmanuel Dubois	We present the design and evaluation of the Roly-Poly Mouse (RPM), a rolling input device that combines the advantages of the mouse (position displacement) and of 3D devices (roll and rotation) to unify 2D and 3D interaction. Our first study explores RPM gesture amplitude and stability for different upper shapes (Hemispherical, Convex) and hand postures. 8 roll directions can be performed precisely and their amplitude is larger on Hemispherical RPM. As minor rolls affect translation, we propose a roll correction algorithm to support stable 2D pointing with RPM. We propose the use of compound gestures for 3D pointing and docking, and evaluate them against a commercial 3D device, the SpaceMouse. Our studies reveal that RPM performs 31% faster than the SpaceMouse for 3D pointing and equivalently for 3D rotation. Finally, we present a proof-of-concept integrated RPM prototype along with discussion on the various technical challenges to overcome to build a final integrated version of RPM.	The Roly-Poly Mouse: Designing a Rolling Input Device Unifying 2D and 3D Interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Richard Davis	NA	Session details: Understanding & Evaluating Performance	NA	2015
Saleema Amershi:Max Chickering:Steven M. Drucker:Bongshin Lee:Patrice Simard:Jina Suh	Model building in machine learning is an iterative process. The performance analysis and debugging step typically involves a disruptive cognitive switch from model building to error analysis, discouraging an informed approach to model building. We present ModelTracker, an interactive visualization that subsumes information contained in numerous traditional summary statistics and graphs while displaying example-level performance and enabling direct error examination and debugging. Usage analysis from machine learning practitioners building real models with ModelTracker over six months shows ModelTracker is used often and throughout model building. A controlled experiment focusing on ModelTracker's debugging capabilities shows participants prefer ModelTracker over traditional tools without a loss in model performance.	ModelTracker: Redesigning Performance Analysis Tools for Machine Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Matthew Kay:Shwetak N. Patel:Julie A. Kientz	Many HCI and ubiquitous computing systems are characterized by two important properties: their output is uncertain-it has an associated accuracy that researchers attempt to optimize-and this uncertainty is user-facing-it directly affects the quality of the user experience. Novel classifiers are typically evaluated using measures like the F1 score-but given an F-score of (e.g.) 0.85, how do we know whether this performance is good enough? Is this level of uncertainty actually tolerable to users of the intended application-and do people weight precision and recall equally? We set out to develop a survey instrument that can systematically answer such questions. We introduce a new measure, acceptability of accuracy, and show how to predict it based on measures of classifier accuracy. Out tool allows us to systematically select an objective function to optimize during classifier evaluation, but can also offer new insights into how to design feedback for user-facing classification systems (e.g., by combining a seemingly-low-performing classifier with appropriate feedback to make a highly usable system). It also reveals potential issues with the ubiquitous F1-measure as applied to user-facing systems.	How Good is 85%?: A Survey Tool to Connect Classifier Evaluation to Acceptability of Accuracy	NA:NA:NA	2015
Andy Cockburn:Philip Quinn:Carl Gutwin	Psychological research has shown that 'peak-end' effects influence people's retrospective evaluation of hedonic and affective experience. Rather than objectively reviewing the total amount of pleasure or pain during an experience, people's evaluation is shaped by the most intense moment (the peak) and the final moment (end). We describe an experiment demonstrating that peak-end effects can influence a user's preference for interaction sequences that are objectively identical in their overall requirements. Participants were asked to choose which of two interactive sequences of five pages they preferred. Both sequences required setting a total of 25 sliders to target values, and differed only in the distribution of the sliders across the five pages -- with one sequence intended to induce positive peak-end effects, the other negative. The study found that manipulating only the peak or the end of the series did not significantly change preference, but that a combined manipulation of both peak and end did lead to significant differences in preference, even though all series had the same overall effort.	Examining the Peak-End Effects of Subjective Experience	NA:NA:NA	2015
Siddhartha Asthana:Pushpendra Singh:Parul Gupta	Waiting for the completion of a system process is an everyday experience. While waiting, system provides feedback to the user about ongoing process through temporal metaphors (Progress bar, Busy icons, etc.). One of the key performance requirement for temporal metaphors is to retain the user till the process completes. Researchers have evaluated these metaphors through subjective means, and objective assessment has not been well explored. In this paper, we present survival analysis as objective assessment method to evaluate temporal metaphors. Through a field experiment, we demonstrate the application of survival analysis and empirically establish that auditory progress bar (temporal metaphor for audio interfaces) works for callers of a distress helpline. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first study on distress callers. The paper further discusses the applicability of survival analysis for evaluating temporal metaphors and wait time experiments for other applications, tasks, and settings.	Survival Analysis: Objective assessment of Wait Time in HCI	NA:NA:NA	2015
Jonathan Hook	NA	Session details: Music & Art	NA	2015
Giovanni Maria Troiano:Esben Warming Pedersen:Kasper Hornbæk	Deformable interfaces offer new possibilities for gestures, some of which have been shown effective in controlled laboratory studies. Little work, however, has attempted to match deformable interfaces to a demanding domain and evaluate them out of the lab. We investigate how musicians use deformable interfaces to perform electronic music. We invited musicians to three workshops, where they explored 10 deformable objects and generated ideas on how to use these objects to perform music. Based on the results from the workshops, we implemented sensors in the five preferred objects and programmed them for controlling sounds. Next, we ran a performance study where six musicians performed music with these objects at their studios. Our results show that (1) musicians systematically map deformations to certain musical parameters, (2) musicians use deformable interfaces especially to filter and modulate sounds, and (3) musicians think that deformable interfaces embody the parameters that they control. We discuss what these results mean to research in deformable interfaces.	Deformable Interfaces for Performing Music	NA:NA:NA	2015
Adrian Hazzard:Steve Benford:Gary Burnett	We present an in-the-wild project to design and study a mobile musical soundtrack that enhances the experience of visiting a sculpture park. As with soundtracks for films and games, the goal was to enhance the emotional and narrative aspects of the experience while remaining in the background. We describe a compositional approach in which we first established a broad musical landscape before treating specific exhibits with detailed musical trajectories. Our study reveals how our soundtrack dramatically shaped visitors' experiences while they remained largely unaware of its operation. We distil seven experiential factors to be addressed by mobile soundtracks alongside ten compositional guidelines.	Sculpting a Mobile Musical Soundtrack	NA:NA:NA	2015
Daniela K. Rosner:Hidekazu Saegusa:Jeremy Friedland:Allison Chambliss	This paper describes a study of algorithmic living with Trace, a mobile mapping application that generates walking routes based on digital sketches people create and annotate without a map. In addition to creating walking paths, Trace enables people to send the paths to others. We designed Trace to explore the possibility of emphasizing guided wandering over precise, destination-oriented navigation. Studies of sixteen people's use of Trace over roughly one week reveal how walkers find Trace both delightful and disorienting, highlighting moments of surprise, frustration, and identification with GIS routing algorithms. We conclude by discussing how design interventions offers possibilities for understanding the work of mapping and how it might be done differently in HCI.	Walking by Drawing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Tim Coughlan:Laura Carletti:Gabriella Giannachi:Steve Benford:Derek McAuley:Dominic Price:Cristina Locatelli:Rebecca Sinker:John Stack	Creating and utilizing simple links between items and locations in map-based systems has become a mainstream component of modern computing. In this paper, we explore support for "art mapping", an activity that requires consideration of more complex interpretations of spatial relationships as users engage with identifying locations of relevance to artworks. Through a user study of the ArtMaps platform, and an exploratory study with professional artists, we identify diverse interpretations of spatial meaning in relation to art. We find that art mapping highlights potential for more active engagement with art through technology, but challenges existing systems for spatial representation. Through connecting our findings with work on designing for interpretation, and on space and place in HCI, we contribute new understanding of creating engagement through the spatial interpretation of art, and define potential characteristics and uses of holistic "footprints" for artworks.	ArtMaps: Interpreting the Spatial Footprints of Artworks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Anirudha Joshi	NA	Session details: Supporting Change in Developing Countries	NA	2015
Aditya Vashistha:Edward Cutrell:Gaetano Borriello:William Thies	Interactive voice forums have emerged as a promising platform for people in developing regions to record and share audio messages using low-end mobile phones. However, one of the barriers to the scalability of voice forums is the process of screening and categorizing content, often done by a dedicated team of moderators. We present Sangeet Swara, a voice forum for songs and cultural content that relies on the community of callers to curate high-quality posts that are prioritized for playback to others. An 11-week deployment of Sangeet Swara found broad and impassioned usage, especially among visually impaired users. We also conducted a follow-up experiment, called Talent Hunt, that sought to reduce reliance on toll-free telephone lines. Together, our deployments span about 53,000 calls from 13,000 callers, who submitted 6,000 posts and 150,000 judgments of other content. Using a mixed-methods analysis of call logs, audio content, comparison with outside judges, and 204 automated phone surveys, we evaluate the user experience, the strengths and weaknesses of community moderation, financial sustainability, and the implications for future systems.	Sangeet Swara: A Community-Moderated Voice Forum in Rural India	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Neha Kumar:Richard J. Anderson	We present our findings from a mixed methods study of mobile phone practices of rural Indian women. We situate our study in the context of Projecting Health, a public health initiative we deployed in Uttar Pradesh (India) to target the dissemination of health information for mothers and newborns. Adopting the lens of feminist reflexivity, we reconsider our design of Projecting Health by factoring in the mobile media consumption and sharing practices of our target audience. We stress the importance of taking a community-oriented approach and show that although there are strict social conventions and patriarchal norms that constrain various practices of these women, they are able to exercise agency and mobilize help within their communities when needed.	Mobile Phones for Maternal Health in Rural India	NA:NA	2015
Syed Ishtiaque Ahmed:Nusrat Jahan Mim:Steven J. Jackson	This paper explores discrepancies between the founding assumptions of mobile and ubiquitous computing in the western world, and the starkly different experiences of mobility and infrastructure to be found in many post-colonial environments. Based on a field study of forced mobility and technology use among populations displaced by the Hatirjheel waterfront development project in Dhaka, Bangladesh, we make two basic arguments. First, we point to the partial nature of assumptions around mobility that frame the imagination of mainstream HCI research, and argue that different and heretofore residual experiences of mobility must also be accounted for in post-colonial and other marginal computing environments. Second, we document four forms of infrastructural experience -- dispossession, reconstitution, collaboration, and repair -- that characterize real-world engagements with infrastructure in such settings. We conclude with implications for HCI research and design, and reflections on how HCI researchers might better account for such experiences in their work.	Residual Mobilities: Infrastructural Displacement and Post-Colonial Computing in Bangladesh	NA:NA:NA	2015
Emeline Therias:Jon Bird:Paul Marshall	Providing access to and training in ICTs is seen as key to bridging the digital divide between technology-rich communities and those with poor IT infrastructures. Several projects have focused on providing ICTs for education in developing countries, of which the best known is One Laptop Per Child (OLPC). Although, there has been significant criticism of some of these projects, in particular OLPC, due to its use of a top-down implementation strategy and the limited evidence for its educational benefits, there has been comparatively little analysis of what underlies successful approaches. We aimed to address this deficit by conducting an ethnographic study of community-based projects organised by Blue Sparrow, a small charity that donates refurbished desktop computers to schools in rural Peru, as this organisation has experienced both successes and failures when implementing its educational technology projects. The relative success of Blue Sparrow highlights the benefits of: understanding local contexts; using a bottom up approach; involving stakeholders in setting programme objectives; and empowering communities. We argue that the educational impact of such projects can be improved by: providing teacher training; integrating computers into the wider curriculum; and providing teaching materials and clear objectives for volunteers.	Más Tecnologia, Más Cambio?: Investigating an Educational Technology Project in Rural Peru	NA:NA:NA	2015
Emilee Rader	NA	Session details: Privacy, Security & Interruptions	NA	2015
Ewa Luger:Lachlan Urquhart:Tom Rodden:Michael Golembewski	The regulatory climate is in a process of change. Design, having been implicated for some time, is now explicitly linked to law. This paper recognises the heightened role of designers in the regulation of ambient interactive technologies. Taking account of incumbent legal requirements is difficult. Legal rules are convoluted, uncertain, and not geared towards operationalisable heuristics or development guidelines for system designers. Privacy and data protection are a particular moral, social and legal concern for technologies. This paper seeks to understand how to make emerging European data protection regulation more accessible to our community. Our approach develops and tests a series of data protection ideation cards with teams of designers. We find that, whilst wishing to protect users, regulation is viewed as a compliance issue. Subsequently we argue for the use of instruments, such as our cards, as a means to engage designers in leading a human-centered approach to regulation.	Playing the Legal Card: Using Ideation Cards to Raise Data Protection Issues within the Design Process	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Qatrunnada Ismail:Tousif Ahmed:Apu Kapadia:Michael K. Reiter	Smartphone apps today request permission to access a multitude of sensitive resources, which users must accept completely during installation (e.g., on Android) or selectively configure after installation (e.g., on iOS, but also planned for Android). Everyday users, however, do not have the ability to make informed decisions about which permissions are essential for their usage. For enhanced privacy, we seek to leverage crowdsourcing to find minimal sets of permissions that will preserve the usability of the app for diverse users. We advocate an efficient 'lattice-based' crowd-management strategy to explore the space of permissions sets. We conducted a user study (N = 26) in which participants explored different permission sets for the popular Instagram app. This study validates our efficient crowd management strategy and shows that usability scores for diverse users can be predicted accurately, enabling suitable recommendations.	Crowdsourced Exploration of Security Configurations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Eric Gilbert	Both governments and corporations routinely surveil computer-mediated communication (CMC). Technologists often suggest widespread encryption as a defense mechanism, but CMC encryption schemes have historically faced significant usability and adoption problems. Here, we introduce a novel technique called Open Book designed to address these two problems. Inspired by how people deal with eavesdroppers offline, Open Book uses data mining and natural language processing to transform CMC messages into ones that are vaguer than the original. Specifically, we present: 1) a greedy Open Book algorithm that cloaks messages by transforming them to resemble the average Internet message; 2) an open-source, browser-based instantiation of it called Read Me, designed for Gmail; and, 3) a set of experiments showing that intended recipients can decode Open Book messages, but that unintended human- and machine-recipients cannot. Finally, we reflect on some open questions raised by this approach, such as recognizability and future side-channel attacks.	Open Book: A Socially-inspired Cloaking Technique that Uses Lexical Abstraction to Transform Messages	NA	2015
SeungJun Kim:Jaemin Chun:Anind K. Dey	Interruptions while driving can be quite dangerous, whether these are self-interruptions or external interruptions. They increase driver workload and reduce performance on the primary driving task. Being able to identify when a driver is interruptible is critical for building systems that can mediate these interruptions. In this paper, we collect sensor and human-annotated data from 15 drivers, including vehicle motion, traffic states, physiological responses and driver motion. We demonstrate that this data can be used to build a machine learning classifier that can determine interruptibility every second with a 94% accuracy. We present both population and individual models and discuss the features that contribute to the high performance of this system. Such a classifier can be used to build systems that mediate when drivers use technology to self-interrupt and when drivers are interrupted by technology.	Sensors Know When to Interrupt You in the Car: Detecting Driver Interruptibility Through Monitoring of Peripheral Interactions	NA:NA:NA	2015
Suranga Nanayakkara	NA	Session details: Making & Sharing Assistive Technologies	NA	2015
Roisin McNaney:Ivan Poliakov:John Vines:Madeline Balaam:Pengfei Zhang:Patrick Olivier	Reduced vocal volume in Parkinson's is extremely common and can have significant social and emotional impact. We describe the development and evaluation of LApp--an application for Google Glass to help people with Parkinson's (PwP) monitor their speech volume and cue themselves to speak louder when necessary. Our findings highlight enthusiasm for using the application both at home as a volume training tool and in public social settings as a situated cueing device. We contribute insights to the literature on how eyewear technologies can provide assistance to people with health conditions and offer insights for the design of future self-monitoring and management applications on Google Glass.	LApp: A Speech Loudness Application for People with Parkinson's on Google Glass	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Roisin McNaney:Madeline Balaam:Amey Holden:Guy Schofield:Daniel Jackson:Mary Webster:Brook Galna:Gillian Barry:Lynn Rochester:Patrick Olivier	Parkinson's is a complex and multifaceted condition with a myriad of symptoms, thus, designing for and with this user group requires careful consideration. We reflect upon two studies, employing different design methodologies, relating to the design of rehabilitative exergames in Parkinson's. The first explored the concept of designing 'for' People with Parkinson's (PwP) and focused on specifications outlined by clinical stakeholders. The second used a designing 'with' approach and modified a pre-established participatory design method for use with PwP. We call attention to the importance of carrying out design work with PwP and contribute; an empathic understanding of living with Parkinson's, a set of recommendations for how to design with PwP and a set of wider considerations for developing rehabilitative exergames for PwP.	Designing for and with People with Parkinson's: A Focus on Exergaming	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Helena M. Mentis:Rita Shewbridge:Sharon Powell:Paul Fishman:Lisa Shulman	The purpose of this study is to address the use of movement assessment sensors for clinical diagnosis and treatment. Eleven patients with Parkinson's disease who had under-gone deep brain stimulation (DBS) surgery were observed during follow-up appointments for adjustments to the stimulation settings. We examine the ways in which the patients and clinicians assess movement ability together in the clinic and how these assessments relate to the treatment of functional disability through DBS. We have found that effective assessment of movement and treatment efficacy is a collaborative and interpretive process (co-interpretation) that relies on input from patients, clinicians, and caregivers. From these findings we describe the design directions for movement sensors to support co-interpretation of movement in a clinical context as opposed to simply movement definition.	Being Seen: Co-Interpreting Parkinson's Patient's Movement Ability in Deep Brain Stimulation Programming	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Diane Gromala:Xin Tong:Amber Choo:Mehdi Karamnejad:Chris D. Shaw	Because the nature of chronic pain is complex, pharmacological analgesics are often not enough to achieve an ideal treatment plan. Virtual Reality (VR) technologies have emerged within medical research in recent years for treating acute pain, and proved to be an effective strategy based on pain distraction. This paper describes a VR system designed for chronic pain patients. The system incorporates biofeedback sensors, an immersive virtual environment, and stereoscopic sound titled the "Virtual Meditative Walk" (VMW). It was designed to enable chronic pain patients to learn Mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR), a form of meditation. By providing real-time visual and sonic feedback, VMW enables patients to learn how to manage their pain. A proof-of-concept user study was conducted to investigate the effectiveness of the VR system with chronic pain patients in clinical settings. Results show that the VMW was more effective in reducing perceived pain compared to the non-VR control condition.	The Virtual Meditative Walk: Virtual Reality Therapy for Chronic Pain Management	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Erin Buehler:Stacy Branham:Abdullah Ali:Jeremy J. Chang:Megan Kelly Hofmann:Amy Hurst:Shaun K. Kane	An increasing number of online communities support the open-source sharing of designs that can be built using rapid prototyping to construct physical objects. In this paper, we examine the designs and motivations for assistive technology found on Thingiverse.com, the largest of these communities at the time of this writing. We present results from a survey of all assistive technology that has been posted to Thingiverse since 2008 and a questionnaire distributed to the designers exploring their relationship with assistive technology and the motivation for creating these designs. The majority of these designs are intended to be manufactured on a 3D printer and include assistive devices and modifications for individuals with disabilities, older adults, and medication management. Many of these designs are created by the end-users themselves or on behalf of friends and loved ones. These designers frequently have no formal training or expertise in the creation of assistive technology. This paper discusses trends within this community as well as future opportunities and challenges.	Sharing is Caring: Assistive Technology Designs on Thingiverse	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jofish Kaye	NA	Session details: Matching & Facilitating Social Interactions	NA	2015
Christina Masden:W. Keith Edwards	Online dating sites have become a common means of finding a romantic partner. And yet, these sites differ greatly from many other socially oriented websites: perhaps most notably, the pairwise style of interaction afforded by these sites prevents a robust online community from forming. Users, however, have taken matters into their own hands by creating thriving external forums for discussion of specific dating sites. We report on a multiple methods study of two online dating services, via observation and interviews with users of the forums associated with these sites. Our findings suggest that these forums play an essential role in creating an "outsourced community" for the dating sites, and also reveal practices around how some users "game the system" in online dating, the prevalence of harassment in online dating, and users' frustrations with current dating sites. We conclude with a number of recommendations for system design.	Understanding the Role of Community in Online Dating	NA:NA	2015
Julia M. Mayer:Starr Roxanne Hiltz:Quentin Jones	Social matching systems recommend people to people. In an ideal world, such systems could be context-aware, in that they would introduce users to each other in situations where they are mutually interested, available and open to meeting (i.e., facilitate a valuable encounter). Unfortunately, today's systems primarily match individuals based on simple similarity and proximity metrics. This paper explores how contextual information available on today's mobile phones could be used to identify opportunities for people to make valuable new connections. Three types of context that are relevant for this work are: relational, social and personal. We present insights gained from several iterations of semi-structured interviewing (N=58) exploring these three types of contexts and propose novel context-aware social matching concepts such as: sociability of others as an indicator of opportune social context; activity involvement as an indicator of opportune personal context; and contextual rarity as an indicator of opportune relational context.	Making Social Matching Context-Aware: Design Concepts and Open Challenges	NA:NA:NA	2015
Tien T. Nguyen:Duyen T. Nguyen:Shamsi T. Iqbal:Eyal Ofek	Striking up a good conversation with new acquaintances is often a difficult problem. In this paper we report on the perceptions of wearable device users who were given real-time personalized topic suggestions during a conversation with a person they just met. Suggestions were generated using a ranking recommendation algorithm, and were delivered via Google Glasses. We conducted a study with 38 pairs of strangers, who received such suggestions while conversing for the first time. Participants found the suggestions to be helpful, but only at the right moments, and for certain types of speakers. Our results contribute to the understanding of how communication interventions influence people's experience and behaviors, and enhance interpersonal interactions. Our study also presents design implications for applications on wearable devices to facilitate conversations between strangers.	The Known Stranger: Supporting Conversations between Strangers with Personalized Topic Suggestions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Ionut Damian:Chiew Seng (Sean) Tan:Tobias Baur:Johannes Schöning:Kris Luyten:Elisabeth André	Nonverbal and unconscious behaviour is an important component of daily human-human interaction. This is especially true in situations such as public speaking, job interviews or information sensitive conversations, where researchers have shown that an increased awareness of one's behaviour can improve the outcome of the interaction. With wearable technology, such as Google Glass, we now have the opportunity to augment social interactions and provide realtime feedback on one's behaviour in an unobtrusive way. In this paper we present Logue, a system that provides realtime feedback on the presenters' openness, body energy and speech rate during public speaking. The system analyses the user's nonverbal behaviour using social signal processing techniques and gives visual feedback on a head-mounted display. We conducted two user studies with a staged and a real presentation scenario which yielded that Logue's feedback was perceived helpful and had a positive impact on the speaker's performance.	Augmenting Social Interactions: Realtime Behavioural Feedback using Social Signal Processing Techniques	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Ron Wakkary	NA	Session details: Reflecting Upon Design Reflection	NA	2015
William Odom	Emerging over a decade ago, slow technology is a design philosophy aimed at supporting experiences of reflection through and on technology in everyday life. Recent research has suggested that slow technologies can open up new forms of interaction with digital content that support self-reflection and re-visitation of the past. However, little work has investigated people's long-term interactions with systems that embody this design strategy. To investigate, a qualitative study with 31 participants was conducted to understand their long-term experiences with FutureMe-a slow technology that has been in use for over twelve years by more than one million people. Findings reveal that, despite its simplicity, FutureMe produced a range of outcomes-from profound reminiscence to unsettling encounters. Findings are interpreted to present opportunities and implications for future research and practice initiatives.	Understanding Long-Term Interactions with a Slow Technology: an Investigation of Experiences with FutureMe	NA	2015
Eric P.S. Baumer	Despite demonstrated interest in designing for reflection, relatively little work provides a detailed explication of what exactly is meant by reflection or how to design around it. This paper fills that gap by reviewing and engaging with conceptual and theoretical models of reflection, organized by the disciplinary and epistemological perspectives each embodies. Synthesizing across this theoretical background, the paper identifies three dimensions of reflection: breakdown, inquiry, and transformation. Together, these dimensions serve as the foundation for reflective informatics, a conceptual approach that helps bring clarity and guidance to the discussion of designing for reflection. The paper distinguishes reflective informatics by demonstrating how it both differs from and complements existing related work. Finally, the paper provides a critically reflexive consideration of its own latent assumptions, especially about the value of reflection, and how they might impact work on designing for reflection.	Reflective Informatics: Conceptual Dimensions for Designing Technologies of Reflection	NA	2015
Yuzuru Tanahashi:Kwan-Liu Ma	Design methodologies for information visualizations are typically based on the assumption that the users will be fully engaged in the visual exploration of the displayed information. However, recent research suggests that there is an increasing diversity in how users engage with modern visualizations, and that the traditional design theories do not always satisfy the varied users needs. In this paper, we present a new design concept, engagement-versatile design, for visualizations that target users with a variety of engagement styles. Without losing generality, we demonstrate the feasibility of this concept through the designing of a system called Stock Lamp, an engagement-versatile visualization that helps users keep track of the stock market in real-time. This design process includes identifying different modes of engagement, deriving design implications from each engagement-mode, and applying them to the visualization's design. Our user study shows that Stock Lamp is able to consistently relay market information even when the users are multi-tasking. We believe this study establishes a new concept that promotes a systematic design approach that leverages both theoretical and empirical design methodologies for future visualization development.	Stock Lamp: An Engagement-Versatile Visualization Design	NA:NA	2015
Mark Matthews:Jaime Snyder:Lindsay Reynolds:Jacqueline T. Chien:Adam Shih:Jonathan W. Lee:Geri Gay	Recognized stress management techniques include cultivating mindfulness, breathing exercises, and meditation. While these approaches have been shown to mitigate the negative effects of stress, they can be difficult to learn or consistently apply. To support these techniques, we developed MoodLight, a playful system that uses ambient colored light to provide feedback regarding an individual's current arousal levels. Like many affective computing systems, MoodLight was designed to help users observe their internal state and learn to relax. However, our findings indicate that prompting or leading feedback can be more effective than real time feedback in helping users relax. This work contributes to affective computing by suggesting alternative approaches to designing biofeedback systems for stress management.	Real-Time Representation Versus Response Elicitation in Biosensor Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Ellen Yi-Luen Do	NA	Session details: Makers & Hackers	NA	2015
Ron Wakkary:Markus Lorenz Schilling:Matthew A. Dalton:Sabrina Hauser:Audrey Desjardins:Xiao Zhang:Henry W.J. Lin	Tutorials are critical to the success and vitality of DIY practices. In this paper, we elevate the importance of tutorial authorship as one way to maintain and improve the quality of tutorials in DIY. We discuss the role interaction designers can play as hybrid designers, mediating between author and audience to contribute to the improvement of practices of tutorial authorship in DIY. We examine the quality of tutorials through the building and analysis of ten DIY projects and tutorials. We analyze key issues across three categories: 1) competences, components and tools, 2) sequencing, 3) and communication. We offer findings that are both practical guidelines for detailed improvements of tutorials and structural themes for improving tutorial authorship including the themes of accurate information, competences and tools, and tutorial format. In conclusion, we discuss the potential for interaction designers to simultaneously mediate and shape tutorials and tools in a form of hybrid design.	Tutorial Authorship and Hybrid Designers: The Joy (and Frustration) of DIY Tutorials	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jennifer Jacobs:Amit Zoran	People have been making things for a long time, yet digital making has developed mostly within an industrial context. We question how non-digital craft cultures can inform the design of digital tools. Furthermore, what methods can help us understand these cultures in ways that are relevant to digital practice? As makers ourselves, we see potential for collaborative making to mitigate barriers in communication and provide insight into non-digital practices and values. To evaluate this approach, we visited a hunter-gatherer community that preserves an ancient craft, bringing with us digital design and fabrication tools. Working together, we merged digital tools with ostrich eggshell jewelry craft. We use this experience to draw conclusions about making as a form of communication, the importance of supporting appropriation and immediacy in collaborations, the challenge of combining abstract design tools with concrete approaches, and the value of incorporating design and making into communal life.	Hybrid Practice in the Kalahari: Design Collaboration through Digital Tools and Hunter-Gatherer Craft	NA:NA	2015
Austin L. Toombs:Shaowen Bardzell:Jeffrey Bardzell	Communities of making have been at the center of attention in popular, business, political, and academic research circles in recent years. In HCI, they seem to carry the promise of new forms of computer use, education, innovation, and even ways of life. In the West in particular, the maker manifestos of these communities have shown strong elements of a neoliberal ethos, one that prizes self-determination, tech-savvy, independence, freedom from government, suspicion of authority, and so forth. Yet such communities, to function as communities, also require values of collaboration, cooperation, interpersonal support-in a word, care. In this ethnographic study, we studied and participated as members of a hackerspace for 19 months, focusing in particular not on their technical achievements, innovations, or for glimmers of a more sustainable future, but rather to make visible and to analyze the community maintenance labor that helps the hackerspace support the practices that its members, society, and HCI research are so interested in. We found that the maker ethic entails a complex negotiation of both a neoliberal libertarian ethos and a care ethos.	The Proper Care and Feeding of Hackerspaces: Care Ethics and Cultures of Making	NA:NA:NA	2015
Lora Oehlberg:Wesley Willett:Wendy E. Mackay	Makers participate in remixing culture by drawing inspiration from, combining, and adapting designs for physical objects. To examine how makers remix each others' designs on a community scale, we analyzed metadata from over 175,000 digital designs from Thingiverse, the largest online design community for digital fabrication. Remixed designs on Thingiverse are predominantly generated designs from Customizer a built-in web app for adjusting parametric designs. However, we find that these designs do not elicit subsequent user activity and the authors who generate them tend not to contribute additional content to Thingiverse. Outside of Customizer, influential sources of remixing include complex assemblies and design primitives, as well as non-physical resources posing as physical designs. Building on our findings, we discuss ways in which online maker communities could become more than just design repositories and better support collaborative remixing.	Patterns of Physical Design Remixing in Online Maker Communities	NA:NA:NA	2015
Michael Rohs	NA	Session details: How Fast Can you Type on your Phone?	NA	2015
Andrew Fowler:Kurt Partridge:Ciprian Chelba:Xiaojun Bi:Tom Ouyang:Shumin Zhai	Modern smartphones correct typing errors and learn user-specific words (such as proper names). Both techniques are useful, yet little has been published about their technical specifics and concrete benefits. One reason is that typing accuracy is difficult to measure empirically on a large scale. We describe a closed-loop, smart touch keyboard (STK) evaluation system that we have implemented to solve this problem. It includes a principled typing simulator for generating human-like noisy touch input, a simple-yet-effective decoder for reconstructing typed words from such spatial data, a large web-scale background language model (LM), and a method for incorporating LM personalization. Using the Enron email corpus as a personalization test set, we show for the first time at this scale that a combined spatial-language model reduces word error rate from a pre-model baseline of 38.4% down to 5.7%, and that LM personalization can improve this further to 4.6%.	Effects of Language Modeling and its Personalization on Touchscreen Typing Performance	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Keith Vertanen:Haythem Memmi:Justin Emge:Shyam Reyal:Per Ola Kristensson	We present VelociTap: a state-of-the-art touchscreen keyboard decoder that supports a sentence-based text entry approach. VelociTap enables users to seamlessly choose from three word-delimiter actions: pushing a space key, swiping to the right, or simply omitting the space key and letting the decoder infer spaces automatically. We demonstrate that VelociTap has a significantly lower error rate than Google's keyboard while retaining the same entry rate. We show that intermediate visual feedback does not significantly affect entry or error rates and we find that using the space key results in the most accurate results. We also demonstrate that enabling flexible word-delimiter options does not incur an error rate penalty. Finally, we investigate how small we can make the keyboard when using VelociTap. We show that novice users can reach a mean entry rate of 41 wpm on a 40 mm wide smartwatch-sized keyboard at a 3% character error rate.	VelociTap: Investigating Fast Mobile Text Entry using Sentence-Based Decoding of Touchscreen Keyboard Input	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Luis A. Leiva:Alireza Sahami:Alejandro Catala:Niels Henze:Albrecht Schmidt	The advent of wearables (e.g., smartwatches, smartglasses, and digital jewelry) anticipates the need for text entry methods on very small devices. We conduct fundamental research on this topic using 3 qwerty-based soft keyboards for 3 different screen sizes, motivated by the extensive training that users have with qwerty keyboards. In addition to ZoomBoard (a soft keyboard for diminutive screens), we propose a callout-based soft keyboard and ZShift, a novel extension of the Shift pointing technique. We conducted a comprehensive user study followed by extensive analyses on performance, usability, and short-term learning. Our results show that different small screen sizes demand different types of assistance. In general, manufacturers can benefit from these findings by selecting an appropriate qwerty soft keyboard for their devices. Ultimately, this work provides designers, researchers, and practitioners with new understanding of qwerty soft keyboard design space and its scalability for tiny touchscreens.	Text Entry on Tiny QWERTY Soft Keyboards	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Shyam Reyal:Shumin Zhai:Per Ola Kristensson	We study the performance and user experience of two popular mainstream mobile text entry methods: the Smart Touch Keyboard (STK) and the Smart Gesture Keyboard (SGK). Our first study is a lab-based ten-session text entry experiment. In our second study we use a new text entry evaluation methodology based on the experience sampling method (ESM). In the ESM study, participants installed an Android app on their own mobile phones that periodically sampled their text entry performance and user experience amid their everyday activities for four weeks. The studies show that text can be entered at an average speed of 28 to 39 WPM, depending on the method and the user's experience, with 1.0% to 3.6% character error rates remaining. Error rates of touchscreen input, particularly with SGK, are a major challenge; and reducing out-of-vocabulary errors is particularly important. Both SGK and STK have strengths, weaknesses, and different individual awareness and preferences. Two-thumb touch typing in a focused setting is particularly effective on STK, whereas one-handed SGK typing with the thumb is particularly effective in more mobile situations. When exposed to both, users tend to migrate from STK to SGK. We also conclude that studies in the lab and in the wild can both be informative to reveal different aspects of keyboard experience, but used in conjunction is more reliable in comprehensively assessing input technologies of current and future generations.	Performance and User Experience of Touchscreen and Gesture Keyboards in a Lab Setting and in the Wild	NA:NA:NA	2015
Chris Quintana	NA	Session details: Understand & Enhancing Learning	NA	2015
Yi-Chieh Lee:Wen-Chieh Lin:Fu-Yin Cherng:Hao-Chuan Wang:Ching-Ying Sung:Jung-Tai King	Online learning is increasingly prevalent as an option for self-learning and as a resource for instructional design. Prerecorded video is currently the main medium of online education content delivery and instruction; this affords asynchronicity and flexibility, and enables the dissemination of lecture content in a distributed and scalable manner. However, the same properties may impede learners' engagement due to the lack of social interaction and peer support. In this paper, we propose a time-anchored commenting interface to allow online learners who watch the same video clips to exchange comments on them. Comments left by previous learners at specific time points of a video are displayed to new learners when they watch the same video and reach those time points. We investigated how the display of time-anchored comments (dynamic or static) and type of comments (content-related or social-oriented) influenced users' perceived engagement, perceived social interactivity, and learning outcomes. Our results show that dynamically displaying time-anchored comments can indeed enhance learners' perceived social interactivity. Moreover, the content of comments would further affect learners' intention of commenting. Based on our findings, we make various recommendations for the improvement of social interaction and learning experience in online education.	Using Time-Anchored Peer Comments to Enhance Social Interaction in Online Educational Videos	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Andrea Bianchi:So-Ryang Ban:Ian Oakley	Tablet computers and portable eReaders are gradually becoming the preferred platform for the consumption of textual materials. However, although these technologies are powerful, it is widely acknowledged that print documents better support the advanced active reading tasks necessary to gain a deep understanding of a text. While prior work to address this issue has aimed improve digital eReaders by either leveraging familiar physical affordances or by extending paper's capabilities with digital tools, in this paper we propose a juncture of these two approaches. We first present a formative study that captures the needs and requirements of users during active reading tasks with tablets. We instantiate the findings in the design of a simple physical aid to support active reading: a smart bookmark. We then define an interaction space for this device, describe a set of interfaces designed to facilitate active reading and close with a user study that assesses the potential of the bookmark device and interaction techniques.	Designing a Physical Aid to Support Active Reading on Tablets	NA:NA:NA	2015
Siân Lindley	NA	Session details: Family Communication	NA	2015
Henriette Cramer:Maia L. Jacobs	An overwhelming variety of communication channels are available to consumers. Here, we present an overview of the aspects that need to be accounted for when intimate partners select a communication channel. We present interviews with 10 cohabiting couples (20 participants) and an 8-day diary study of communication and coordination. Using reported instances of within-couple communication, triggered by relationship-oriented or practical household needs, we identify why particular channels are chosen or sequenced. Extending media richness critiques, we identify additional factors that influence communication choice such as intimate knowledge of the others' habits, possibilities to add emotional meaning, and couples' shared needs as an identifiable unit. We also extend the notion of network effects on channel choice, and discuss the ecology of channel, networks, devices and device settings involved between partners. Finally, channel choice is not an all-or-nothing game; multiple channels can, and must, co-exist.	Couples' Communication Channels: What, When & Why?	NA:NA	2015
Margot Brereton:Alessandro Soro:Kate Vaisutis:Paul Roe	A prototype "messaging kettle" is described. The connected kettle aims to foster communication and engagement with an older friend or relative who lives remotely, during the routine of boiling the kettle. We describe preliminary encounters and findings from demonstrating a working prototype in morning tea gatherings of people in their 50s-late 70s and from introducing it into the homes of two people in their 80s who live on another continent. Key findings are that: The concept of keeping in touch around a "habituated object" such as a kettle was well received; Simple and varied interaction modalities that allow asymmetric forms of communication are needed; Designing for use across different time zones requires attention; And, that even when augmenting a habituated object, the process of introduction, appropriation and habituation still needs significant attention and investigation.	The Messaging Kettle: Prototyping Connection over a Distance between Adult Children and Older Parents	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Roberta M. Melvin:Andrea Bunt:Erick Oduor:Carman Neustaedter	Family communication and technology designed to support it is a widely studied topic. However, most research that focuses on family communication in North America tends to assume high degrees of connectivity and Internet access. We present a study of family communication practices in rural and northern areas of Manitoba, Canada where Internet connectivity is intermittent or severely limited in some communities. Our results show the ways in which individuals stay connected with outside relatives can be hampered by communication infrastructure challenges. In particular, these challenges can dictate how, where and how often conversations with loved ones take place. Our results also indicate that these experiences, many of which are negative, can create lasting impressions that may be difficult to alter as infrastructure improves. This suggests opportunities for designing family communication technologies for outdoor locations with better connectivity, scheduling communication during times with better connectivity, and combating social isolation.	The Effect of Signal Expense and Dependability on Family Communication in Rural and Northern Canada	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Alexis Hiniker:Kiley Sobel:Hyewon Suh:Yi-Chen Sung:Charlotte P. Lee:Julie A. Kientz	Child development research suggests that using phones while caring for children can be problematic, but limited prior work in this space makes defining appropriate use challenging. We conducted the first exploration of whether adults feel pressure to limit phone use in this context and whether they choose to do so. Through mixed methods, we collected data from 466 adult caregivers at playgrounds. We found that phone use was a small part of playground time, yet a notable source of guilt. Adults engaged in systematic and specific phone-use and phone-non-use behaviors in order to prioritize their children above themselves. Our results indicate that caregiver values and self-control together predict behavior and can be used to model phone use in this context. Users' mixed success with engaging in intentional periods of non-use suggests that a design agenda which prioritizes cycles of engagement, disengagement, and re-engagement may be of value to this group.	Texting while Parenting: How Adults Use Mobile Phones while Caring for Children at the Playground	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Adam Fourney:Ryen W. White:Eric Horvitz	We study time-dependent patterns of information seeking about pregnancy, birth, and the first several weeks of caring for newborns via analyses of queries drawn from anonymized search engine logs. We show how we can detect and align web search behavior for a population of searchers with the natural clock of gestational physiology via proxies for ground truth based on searchers' self-report queries (e.g., [I am 30 weeks pregnant and my baby is moving a lot]). Then, we present a methodology for performing additional alignments, that are valuable for learning about the concerns, curiosities, and needs that arise over time with pregnancy and early parenting. Our findings have implications for learning about the temporal dynamics of pregnancy-related interests and concerns, and also for the design of systems that tailor their responses to point estimates of each searcher's current stage in pregnancy.	Exploring Time-Dependent Concerns about Pregnancy and Childbirth from Search Logs	NA:NA:NA	2015
Shaun Lawson	NA	Session details: Crowdsourcing Fans & Friends	NA	2015
Martin D. Flintham:Raphael Velt:Max L. Wilson:Edward J. Anstead:Steve Benford:Anthony Brown:Timothy Pearce:Dominic Price:James Sprinks	There has been a massive growth in the number of people who film and upload amateur footage of events to services such as Facebook and Youtube, or even stream live to services such as LiveStream. We present an exploratory study that investigates the potential of these spectators in creating footage en masse; in this case, during a live trial at a local marathon. We deployed a prototype app, RunSpotRun, as a technology probe to see what kinds of footage spectators would produce. We present an analysis of this footage in terms of its coverage, quality, and contents, and also discuss the implications for a) spectators enjoying the race, and b) extracting the stories of individual runners throughout the race. We conclude with a discussion of the challenges that remain for deploying such technology at a larger scale.	Run Spot Run: Capturing and Tagging Footage of a Race by Crowds of Spectators	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Franco Curmi:Maria Angela Ferrario:Jon Whittle:Florian 'Floyd' Mueller	Many studies have shown that crowd-support, such as cheering during sport events, can have a positive impact on athletes' performance. However, up until recently this support was only possible if the supporters and the athletes were geographically co-located. Can cheering be done remotely and would this be effective? In this paper we investigate the effect and possibilities of live remote cheering on co-located athletes and online supporting crowds that have a weak social tie and no social tie with the athlete. We recruit 140 online spectators and 5 athletes for an ad-hoc 5km road race. Results indicate that crowds socially closer to the athletes are significantly more engaged in the support. The athletes were excited by live remote cheering from friendsourced spectators and cheering from unknown crowdsourced participants indicating that remote friends and outsourced spectators could be an important source of support.	Crowdsourcing Synchronous Spectator Support: (go on, go on, you're the best)n-1	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Guy Schofield:Tom Bartindale:Peter Wright	Bootlegger is a system for creating multi-camera films of live music events using mobile devices. Using readily available technology and a synthesis of film-making conventions, the system coordinates music fans at live shows into an improvised film crew, suggesting shots, collating footage and generating rich metadata in real time. Bootlegger is part of a research project exploring adapting professional media workflows to amateur contexts in order to lower the bar to entry for media production. By enabling concert-goers to contribute to high-quality concert films, the system leverages mobile phone 'bootlegging' practices to support emerging musicians.	Bootlegger: Turning Fans into Film Crew	NA:NA:NA	2015
Hwajung Hong:Eric Gilbert:Gregory D. Abowd:Rosa I. Arriaga	Difficulty in navigating daily life can lead to frustration and decrease independence for people with autism. While they turn to online autism communities for information and advice for coping with everyday challenges, these communities may present only a limited perspective because of their in-group nature. Obtaining support from out-group sources beyond the in-group community may prove valuable in dealing with challenging situations such as public anxiety and workplace conflicts. In this paper, we explore the value of supplementary out-group support from crowdsourced responders added to in-group support from a community of members. We find that out-group sources provide relatively rapid, concise responses with direct and structured information, socially appropriate coping strategies without compromising emotional value. Using an autism community as a motivating example, we conclude by providing design implications for combining in-group and out-group resources that may enhance the question-and-answer experience.	In-group Questions and Out-group Answers: Crowdsourcing Daily Living Advice for Individuals with Autism	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Sameer Patil	NA	Session details: Managing Personal Privacy	NA	2015
Hazim Almuhimedi:Florian Schaub:Norman Sadeh:Idris Adjerid:Alessandro Acquisti:Joshua Gluck:Lorrie Faith Cranor:Yuvraj Agarwal	Smartphone users are often unaware of the data collected by apps running on their devices. We report on a study that evaluates the benefits of giving users an app permission manager and sending them nudges intended to raise their awareness of the data collected by their apps. Our study provides both qualitative and quantitative evidence that these approaches are complementary and can each play a significant role in empowering users to more effectively control their privacy. For instance, even after a week with access to the permission manager, participants benefited from nudges showing them how often some of their sensitive data was being accessed by apps, with 95% of participants reassessing their permissions, and 58% of them further restricting some of their permissions. We discuss how participants interacted both with the permission manager and the privacy nudges, analyze the effectiveness of both solutions, and derive some recommendations.	Your Location has been Shared 5,398 Times!: A Field Study on Mobile App Privacy Nudging	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jeffrey Warshaw:Tara Matthews:Steve Whittaker:Chris Kau:Mateo Bengualid:Barton A. Smith	Recent research has developed analytics that threaten online self-presentation and privacy by automatically generating profiles of individuals' most personal traits-their personality, values, motivations, and so on. But we know little about people's reactions to personal traits profiles of themselves, or what influences their decisions to share such profiles. We present an early qualitative study of people's reactions to a working hyper-personal analytics system. The system lets them see their personality and values profile derived from their own social media text. Our results reveal a paradox. Participants found their personal traits profiles creepily accurate and did not like sharing them in many situations. However, they felt pressured by the social risks of not sharing and showed signs of learned helplessness, leading them to share despite their misgivings. Further, they felt unqualified to significantly modify their profile contents due to a surprising trust in the "expert" algorithm. We explore design implications for hyper-personal analytics systems that consider the needs and preferences of the people being profiled, suggesting ways to enhance the control they feel and the benefits they reap.	Can an Algorithm Know the "Real You"?: Understanding People's Reactions to Hyper-personal Analytics Systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Fuming Shih:Ilaria Liccardi:Daniel Weitzner	The aim of this research was to understand what affects people's privacy preferences in smartphone apps. We ran a four-week study in the wild with 34 participants. Participants were asked to answer questions, which were used to gather their personal context and to measure their privacy preferences by varying app name and purpose of data collection. Our results show that participants shared the most when no information about data access or purpose was given, and shared the least when both of these details were specified. When just one of either purpose or the requesting app was shown, participants shared less when just the purpose was specified than when just the app name was given. We found that the purpose for data access was the predominant factor affecting users' choices. In our study the purpose condition vary from being not specified, to vague to be very specific. Participants were more willing to disclose data when no purpose was specified. When a vague purpose was shown, participants became more privacy-aware and were less willing to disclose their information. When specific purposes were shown participants were more willing to disclose when the purpose for requesting the information appeared to be beneficial to them, and shared the least when the purpose for data access was solely beneficial to developers.	Privacy Tipping Points in Smartphones Privacy Preferences	NA:NA:NA	2015
Yang Wang:Liang Gou:Anbang Xu:Michelle X. Zhou:Huahai Yang:Hernan Badenes	With the recent advances in using data analytics to automatically infer one's personality traits from their social media data, users are facing a growing tension between the use of the technology to aid self development in workplace and the privacy concerns of such use. Given the richness of personality data that can be derived today and the varied sensitivity of revealing such data, it is a non-trivial task for users to configure their privacy settings for sharing and protecting their derived personality data. Here we present the design, development, and evaluation of an interactive visualization tool, VeilMe, which helps users configure the privacy settings for the use of their personality portraits derived from social media. Unlike other privacy configuration tools, our tool offers two distinct advantages. First, it presents a novel and intuitive visual interface that aids users in understanding and exploring their own personality traits derived from their social media data, and configuring their privacy preferences. Second, our tool helps users to jump start their privacy settings by suggesting initial sharing strategies based on a set of factors, including the users' personality and target audience. We have evaluated the use of our tool with 124 participants in an enterprise context. Our results show that VeilMe effectively supports various user privacy configuration tasks, and also suggest several design implications, including the approaches to personalized privacy configurations.	VeilMe: An Interactive Visualization Tool for Privacy Configuration of Using Personality Traits	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Regan Mandryk	NA	Session details: Health Sensors & Monitoring	NA	2015
Mikael B. Skov:Pauline G. Johansen:Charlotte S. Skov:Astrid Lauberg	Implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) patients have increased safety when connected to remote monitoring as ICD problems and issues are instantly discovered compared to patients without a monitor. While remote monitoring is intrusive in the domestic environment, little HCI research has investigated how people live and interact with such monitoring technologies. We conducted a study with 19 ICD patients and their spouses using diaries and interviews. Our findings illustrate that our participants were satisfied with the monitoring despite the fact that they had almost no knowledge of the data collected and they lacked feedback from the monitor on transmission and operation. Based on our findings, we describe a safety paradox for remote monitoring as participants experienced less safety while being safer, and identify privacy and surveillance concerns in the unequal monitoring of ICD patients.	No News is Good News: Remote Monitoring of Implantable Cardioverter-Defibrillator Patients	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Fadel Adib:Hongzi Mao:Zachary Kabelac:Dina Katabi:Robert C. Miller	The evolution of ubiquitous sensing technologies has led to intelligent environments that can monitor and react to our daily activities, such as adapting our heating and cooling systems, responding to our gestures, and monitoring our elderly. In this paper, we ask whether it is possible for smart environments to monitor our vital signs remotely, without instrumenting our bodies. We introduce Vital-Radio, a wireless sensing technology that monitors breathing and heart rate without body contact. Vital-Radio exploits the fact that wireless signals are affected by motion in the environment, including chest movements due to inhaling and exhaling and skin vibrations due to heartbeats. We describe the operation of Vital-Radio and demonstrate through a user study that it can track users' breathing and heart rates with a median accuracy of 99%, even when users are 8~meters away from the device, or in a different room. Furthermore, it can monitor the vital signs of multiple people simultaneously. We envision that Vital-Radio can enable smart homes that monitor people's vital signs without body instrumentation, and actively contribute to their inhabitants' well-being.	Smart Homes that Monitor Breathing and Heart Rate	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Teng Han:Xiang Xiao:Lanfei Shi:John Canny:Jingtao Wang	Heart rate monitoring is widely used in clinical care, fitness training, and stress management. However, tracking individuals' heart rates faces two major challenges, namely equipment availability and user motivation. In this paper, we present a novel technique, LivePulse Games (LPG), to measure users' heart rates in real time by having them play games on unmodified mobile phones. With LPG, the heart rate is calculated by detecting changes in transparency of users' fingertips via the built-in camera of a mobile device. More importantly, LPG integrate users' camera lens covering actions as an essential control mechanism in game play, and detect heart rates implicitly from intermittent lens covering actions. We explore the design space and trade-offs of LPG through three rounds of iterative design. In a 12-subject user study, we found that LPG are fun to play and can measure heart rates accurately. We also report the insights for balancing measurement speed, accuracy, and entertainment value in LPG.	Balancing Accuracy and Fun: Designing Camera Based Mobile Games for Implicit Heart Rate Monitoring	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Yongqiang Lyu:Xiaomin Luo:Jun Zhou:Chun Yu:Congcong Miao:Tong Wang:Yuanchun Shi:Ken-ichi Kameyama	Quantitative assessment for cognitive load and mental stress is very important in optimizing human-computer system designs to improve performance and efficiency. Traditional physiological measures, such as heart rate variation (HRV), blood pressure and electrodermal activity (EDA), are widely used but still have limitations in sensitivity, reliability and usability. In this study, we propose a novel photoplethysmogram-based stress induced vascular index (sVRI) to measure cognitive load and stress. We also provide the basic methodology and detailed algorithm framework. We employed a classic experiment with three levels of task difficulty and three stages of testing period to verify the new measure. Compared with the blood pressure, heart rate and HRV components recorded simultaneously, the sVRI reached the same level of significance on the effect of task difficulty/period as the most significant other measure. Our findings showed sVRI's potential as a sensitive, reliable and usable parameter.	Measuring Photoplethysmogram-Based Stress-Induced Vascular Response Index to Assess Cognitive Load and Stress	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Harald Reiterer	NA	Session details: Collaborative Tables, Walls & Rooms	NA	2015
Florian Block:James Hammerman:Michael Horn:Amy Spiegel:Jonathan Christiansen:Brenda Phillips:Judy Diamond:E. Margaret Evans:Chia Shen	Interactive surfaces are increasingly common in museums and other informal learning environments where they are seen as a medium for promoting social engagement. However, despite their increasing prevalence, we know very little about factors that contribute to collaboration and learning around interactive surfaces. In this paper we present analyses of visitor engagement around several multi-touch tabletop science exhibits. Observations of 629 visitors were collected through two widely used techniques: video study and shadowing. We make four contributions: 1) we present an algorithm for identifying groups within a dynamic flow of visitors through an exhibit hall; 2) we present measures of group-level engagement along with methods for statistically analyzing these measures; 3) we assess the effect of observational techniques on visitors' engagement, demonstrating that consented video studies do not necessarily reflect visitor behavior in more naturalistic circumstances; and 4) we present an analysis showing that groups of two, groups with both children and adults, and groups that take turns spend longer at the exhibits and engage more with scientific concepts.	Fluid Grouping: Quantifying Group Engagement around Interactive Tabletop Exhibits in the Wild	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Paul K. Luff:Naomi Yamashita:Hideaki Kuzuoka:Christian Heath	In this paper we report on some experiments with a high fidelity media space, t-Room, an immersive system that presents full scale, real-time images of co-participants. The system has been enhanced to provide more flexibility in the ways participants could organise themselves and the materials they are working on. Drawing on some quasi-naturalistic experiments, where the participants were required to undertake a range of complex tasks, we consider the formations they adopt and the issues and problems that arise when they attempt to establish and preserve a common focus and alignment. We conclude by briefly discussing the consequences for developing advanced spaces to support collaborative work and understanding complex video-mediated interaction.	Flexible Ecologies And Incongruent Locations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Derek Reilly:Andy Echenique:Andy Wu:Anthony Tang:W. Keith Edwards	We present results from a study examining how the physical layout of a project room and task affect the cognitive maps acquired of a connected virtual environment during mixed-presence collaboration. Results indicate that a combination of physical layout and task impacts cognitive maps of the virtual space. Participants did not form a strong model of how different physical work regions were situated relative to each other in the virtual world when the tasks performed in each region differed. Egocentric perspectives of multiple displays enforced by different furniture arrangements encouraged cognitive maps of the virtual world that reflected these perspectives, when the displays were used for the same task. These influences competed or coincided with document-based, audiovisual and interface cues, influencing collaboration. We consider the implications of our findings on WYSIWIS mappings between real and virtual for mixed-presence collaboration.	Mapping out Work in a Mixed Reality Project Room	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Mark Blythe	NA	Session details: The Value of Things	NA	2015
Anne E. Bowser:Oliver L. Haimson:Edward F. Melcer:Elizabeth F. Churchill	Secondhand fashion is a rapidly growing, lucrative market with both off- and online outlets. Studies of secondhand consumption have focused primarily on people's motivations for secondhand shopping, highlighting sustainability and/or thrift. We extend this work by looking at the motivations and practices of secondhand shoppers who are driven instead by style, playfulness and treasure-hunting. We present findings from ethnographic observation and interviews with 13 secondhand shoppers. Three secondhand shopping orientations emerged. Perfection Seeking involves seeking items that fit with an individual look or personal brand. These items are seen as unique, and demonstrate an alternative to mainstream fashion and consumption. Casual curiosity is less focused, more engaged in browsing, and driven by both secondhand objects and the secondhand experience itself. Digging involves the focused pursuit of hidden "gems" or treasures, following the belief that unusual items are waiting to be found. We offer ideas for designing secondhand shopping experiences to support the needs for storytelling, experiential pleasure, and negotiation around durable value.	On Vintage Values: The Experience of Secondhand Fashion Reacquisition	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Gary Pritchard:John Vines:Patrick Olivier	As digital payments become increasingly important features of economic exchange, traditional forms of payment such as cash are becoming phased out in certain settings. We study one such context-the elimination of cash payment on London buses in July 2014. We conducted ethnographic fieldwork, interviews with drivers and collected online and social media comments before, during and shortly after the introduction of cashless fares. We explore how drivers and passengers were fearful of the change due in part to a lack of information and communication, the anticipation of negative effects on vulnerable passengers and a compromise in freedom, flexibility and surveillance. We highlight the ways cashless payments can alter the social function of money, create new forms of work for drivers and passengers, and if not carefully introduced can cause emotional stress and fears of state surveillance and control.	Your Money's No Good Here: The Elimination of Cash Payment on London Buses	NA:NA:NA	2015
Junius Gunaratne:Oded Nov	Can human-computer interaction help people make informed and effective decisions about their retirement savings? We applied the behavioral economic theories of endowment effect and loss aversion to the design of novel retirement saving user interfaces. To examine effectiveness, we conducted an experiment in which 487 participants were exposed to one of three experimental user interface designs of a retirement saving simulator, representing endowment effect, loss aversion and control. Users made 34 yearly asset allocation decisions. We found that designs informed by the endowment effect and loss aversion theories and which communicated to savers the long-term implications of their asset allocation choices, led users to adjust their behavior, make larger and more frequent asset allocation changes, and achieve their saving goals more effectively.	Informing and Improving Retirement Saving Performance using Behavioral Economics Theory-driven User Interfaces	NA:NA	2015
Chris Harrison	NA	Session details: Muscle-Computer Interfaces	NA	2015
Christoph Amma:Thomas Krings:Jonas Böer:Tanja Schultz	In this paper we present our results on using electromyographic (EMG) sensor arrays for finger gesture recognition. Sensing muscle activity allows to capture finger motion without placing sensors directly at the hand or fingers and thus may be used to build unobtrusive body-worn interfaces. We use an electrode array with 192 electrodes to record a high-density EMG of the upper forearm muscles. We present in detail a baseline system for gesture recognition on our dataset, using a naive Bayes classifier to discriminate the 27 gestures. We recorded 25 sessions from 5 subjects. We report an average accuracy of 90% for the within-session scenario, showing the feasibility of the EMG approach to discriminate a large number of subtle gestures. We analyze the effect of the number of used electrodes on the recognition performance and show the benefit of using high numbers of electrodes. Cross-session recognition typically suffers from electrode position changes from session to session. We present two methods to estimate the electrode shift between sessions based on a small amount of calibration data and compare it to a baseline system with no shift compensation. The presented methods raise the accuracy from 59% baseline accuracy to 75% accuracy after shift compensation. The dataset is publicly available.	Advancing Muscle-Computer Interfaces with High-Density Electromyography	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Pedro Lopes:Alexandra Ion:Willi Mueller:Daniel Hoffmann:Patrik Jonell:Patrick Baudisch	We propose a new way of eyes-free interaction for wearables. It is based on the user's proprioceptive sense, i.e., rather than seeing, hearing, or feeling an outside stimulus, users feel the pose of their own body. We have implemented a wearable device called Pose-IO that offers input and output based on proprioception. Users communicate with Pose-IO through the pose of their wrists. Users enter information by performing an input gesture by flexing their wrist, which the device senses using a 3-axis accelerometer. Users receive output from Pose-IO by find-ing their wrist posed in an output gesture, which Pose-IO actuates using electrical muscle stimulation. This mechanism allows users to interact with Pose-IO without visual or auditory senses, but through the proprioceptive sense alone. We developed three simple applications that demonstrate symmetric proprioceptive interaction, where input and output occur through the same limb, as well as asymmetric interaction, where input and output occur through different limbs. In a first user study, participants using a symmetric proprioceptive interface re-entered poses received from Pose-IO with an average accuracy of 5.8° despite the minimal bandwidth offered by the device. In a second, exploratory study, we investigated participants' emotional response to asymmetric proprioceptive interaction and the concept of the user's body serving as interface. Participants reported to enjoy the experience (4.6 out of 5).	Proprioceptive Interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Naomi Yamashita	NA	Session details: Phones for more than Just Talking & Text	NA	2015
Florian Heller:Jan Borchers	Mobile audio augmented reality systems (MAARS) provide a new and engaging modality to present information or to create playful experiences. Using special filters, spatial audio rendering creates the impression that the sound of a virtual source emanates from a certain position in the physical space. So far, most of the implementations of such systems rely on head tracking to create a realistic effect, which requires additional hardware. Recent results indicate that the built-in sensors of a smartphone can be used as source for orientation measurement, reducing deployment to a simple app download. AudioScope presents an alternative interaction technique to create such an experience, using the metaphor of pointing a directional microphone at the environment. In an experiment with 20 users, we compared the time to locate a proximate audio source and the perceived presence in the virtual environment. Results show that there is no significant difference between head-orientation measurement and AudioScope regarding accuracy and perceived presence. This means that MAARS, such as audio guides for museums, do not require special hardware but can run on the visitor's smartphones with standard headphones.	AudioScope: Smartphones as Directional Microphones in Mobile Audio Augmented Reality Systems	NA:NA	2015
Jeungmin Oh:Woohyeok Choi:Joohyun Kim:Uichin Lee	Document capturing with smartphone cameras is performed increasingly often in our daily lives. However, our user study results (n=10) showed that more than 80% of landscape tasks had incorrect orientations. To solve this problem, we systematically analyzed user behavior of document capturing and proposed a novel solution called ScanShot that detects document capturing moments to help users correct the orientation errors. ScanShot tracks the gravity direction to capture document capturing moments, analyzes logged gyroscope data to automatically update orientation changes, and provides visual feedback of the inferred orientation for manual correction. Our user study results (n=20) confirmed that capturing moments can be recognized with accuracy of 97.5%, our update mechanism can reduce the orientation errors by 59 percentage points.	ScanShot: Detecting Document Capture Moments and Correcting Device Orientation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Brennan Jones:Anna Witcraft:Scott Bateman:Carman Neustaedter:Anthony Tang	Mobile video conferencing, where one or more participants are moving about in the real world, enables entirely new interaction scenarios (e.g., asking for help to construct or repair an object, or showing a physical location). While we have a good understanding of the challenges of video conferencing in office or home environments, we do not fully understand the mechanics of camera work-how people use mobile devices to communicate with one another-during mobile video calls. To provide an understanding of what people do in mobile video collaboration, we conducted an observational study where pairs of participants completed tasks using a mobile video conferencing system. Our analysis suggests that people use the camera view deliberately to support their interactions-for example, to convey a message or to ask questions-but the limited field of view, and the lack of camera control can make it a frustrating experience.	Mechanics of Camera Work in Mobile Video Collaboration	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Frank R. Bentley:Ying-Yu Chen:Christian Holz	We explore the everyday use of a new abstraction for mo-bile location-sharing. By sharing the travel time between contacts calculated for walking, transit, and driving, we have enabled users to more easily coordinate meeting up and planning family obligations. Specifically, our participants reported that the information helped to lower the stress of these activities and provided reassurance of the arrival times of their close friends and family. In this paper, we describe our system, motivate its design, and explore results from a 20-user, 21-day field trial showing the use-fulness of the abstraction as well as attitudes towards privacy when sharing travel times with close friends or family.	Reducing the Stress of Coordination: Sharing Travel Time Information Between Contacts on Mobile Phones	NA:NA:NA	2015
Pavel Andreevich Samsonov:Xun Tang:Johannes Schöning:Werner Kuhn:Brent Hecht	Recent work has identified the lack of space usage rule (SUR) data -- e.g. "no smoking", "no campfires" -- as an important limitation of online/mobile maps that presents risks to user safety and the environment. In order to address this limitation, a large-scale means of mapping SURs must be developed. In this paper, we introduce and motivate the problem of mapping space usage rules and take the first steps towards identifying solutions. We show how computer vision can be employed to identify SUR indicators in the environment (e.g. "No Smoking" signs) with reasonable accuracy and describe techniques that can assign each rule to the appropriate geographic feature.	You Can't Smoke Here: Towards Support for Space Usage Rules in Location-aware Technologies	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Susan Dumais	NA	Session details: Search & Recommendations	NA	2015
Benedikt Loepp:Katja Herrmanny:Jürgen Ziegler	We present a novel approach that integrates algorithmic recommender techniques with interactive faceted filtering methods. We refer to this approach as blended recommending. It allows users to interact with a set of filter facets representing criteria that can serve as input for different recommendation methods including both collaborative and content-based filtering. Users can select filter criteria from these facets and weight them to express their preferences and to exert control over the hybrid recommendation process. In contrast to hard Boolean filtering, the method aggregates the weighted criteria and calculates a ranked list of recommendations that is visualized and immediately updated when users change the filter settings. Based on this approach, we implemented an interactive movie recommender, MyMovieMixer. In a user study, we compared the system with a conventional faceted filtering system that served as a baseline to obtain insights into user interaction behavior and to assess recommendation quality for our system. The results indicate, among other findings, a higher level of perceived user control, more detailed preference settings, and better suitability when the search goal is vague.	Blended Recommending: Integrating Interactive Information Filtering and Algorithmic Recommender Techniques	NA:NA:NA	2015
Jaimie Y. Park:Neil O'Hare:Rossano Schifanella:Alejandro Jaimes:Chin-Wan Chung	In this study, we analyze user image search behavior from a large-scale Yahoo! Image Search query log, based on the hypothesis that behavior is dependent on query type. We categorize queries using two orthogonal taxonomies (subject-based and facet-based) and identify important query types at the intersection of these taxonomies. We study user search behavior on a large-scale set of search sessions for each query type, examining characteristics of sessions, query reformulation patterns, click patterns, and page view patterns. We identify important behavioral differences across query types, in particular showing that some query types are more exploratory, while others correspond to focused search. We also supplement our study with a survey to link the behavioral differences to users' intent. Our findings shed light on the importance of considering query categories to better understand user behavior on image search platforms.	A Large-Scale Study of User Image Search Behavior on the Web	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Yanir Kleiman:Joel Lanir:Dov Danon:Yasmin Felberbaum:Daniel Cohen-Or	We present a novel system for browsing through a very large set of images according to similarity. The images are dynamically placed on a 2D canvas next to their nearest neighbors in a high-dimensional feature space. The layout and choice of images is generated on-the-fly during user interaction, reflecting the user's navigation tendencies and interests. This intuitive solution for image browsing provides a continuous experience of navigating through an infinite 2D grid arranged by similarity. In contrast to common multidimensional embedding methods, our solution does not entail an upfront creation of a full global map. Image map generation is dynamic, fast and scalable, independent of the number of images in the dataset, and seamlessly supports online updates to the dataset. Thus, the technique is a viable solution for massive and constantly varying datasets consisting of millions of images. Evaluation of our approach shows that when using DynamicMaps, users viewed many more images per minute compared to a standard relevance feedback interface, suggesting that it supports more fluid and natural interaction that enables easier and faster movement in the image space. Most users preferred DynamicMaps, indicating it is more exploratory, better supports serendipitous browsing and more fun to use	DynamicMaps: Similarity-based Browsing through a Massive Set of Images	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Maximilian Speicher:Andreas Both:Martin Gaedke	Over the past 20 years, search engines have become emph{the} entry point of the WWW. Due to evolving needs for different and new kinds of information, the interfaces of search engine results pages (SERPs) change over time. Thus, their usability must be continuously evaluated to ensure user satisfaction and competitive edge. As no complete solution exists, we present emph{S.O.S.:} the emph{SERP Optimization Suite}. Our approach comprises (a) emph{WaPPU}, which is a near real-time tool for evaluating web interfaces based on usability scores, and (b) a emph{catalog of best practices} that maps bad scores to potential causes and corresponding adjustments for optimization. During a case study in which we assessed and optimized a real-world SERP, S.O.S. has proven its feasibility and effectiveness by significantly improving the SERP's usability.	S.O.S.: Does Your Search Engine Results Page (SERP) Need Help?	NA:NA:NA	2015
Shuli Gilutz	NA	Session details: Kids Haptic, Wearable, Tangible Learning	NA	2015
Nesra Yannier:Ali Israr:Jill Fain Lehman:Roberta L. Klatzky	Engaging children with traditional approaches in education, especially reading, grows ever more difficult in the face of their attachment to tablets and computer games. We explore the possibility of making the story reading experience more interesting and memorable for children using haptic augmentation. In this paper, we present FeelSleeve, an interface that allows children to feel story events in their hands while they are reading on a mobile device. FeelSleeve uses transducers and audio output from the tablet within a gloved attachment to create vibratory effects that are meaningfully related to story content. We describe a study investigating whether embedding such haptic feedback into stories enhances reading for six to nine year olds. Our results indicate that story events accompanied by haptic feedback are better comprehended and appear to be more salient in memory. These results provide evidence that haptic effects have the potential to improve children's reading experience and make it more memorable.	FeelSleeve: Haptic Feedback to Enhance Early Reading	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Leyla Norooz:Matthew Louis Mauriello:Anita Jorgensen:Brenna McNally:Jon E. Froehlich	Internal organs are hidden and untouchable, making it difficult for children to learn their size, position, and function. Traditionally, human anatomy (body form) and physiology (body function) are taught using techniques ranging from worksheets to three-dimensional models. We present a new approach called BodyVis, an e-textile shirt that combines biometric sensing and wearable visualizations to reveal otherwise invisible body parts and functions. We describe our 15-month iterative design process including lessons learned through the development of three prototypes using participatory design and two evaluations of the final prototype: a design probe interview with seven elementary school teachers and three single-session deployments in after-school programs. Our findings have implications for the growing area of wearables and tangibles for learning.	BodyVis: A New Approach to Body Learning Through Wearable Sensing and Visualization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Zhen Bai:Alan F. Blackwell:George Coulouris	We present "FingAR Puppet", an Augmented Reality (AR) system enhancing social pretend play by young children. Unlike goal-oriented AR systems that augment reality with informative instructions, FingAR Puppet helps children associate expressive interpretations with immediate reality. Empirical results show that FingAR Puppet promotes reasoning about emotional states, communication and divergent thinking during social pretend play for children 4-6 years old. We suggest that this study opens an interesting space for future AR systems to support complex cognitive and social development in early childhood. We also identify broader implications from using theories of cognitive development to guide the design of tangible and augmented interactions.	Exploring Expressive Augmented Reality: The FingAR Puppet System for Social Pretend Play	NA:NA:NA	2015
Nesra Yannier:Kenneth R. Koedinger:Scott E. Hudson	The possibility of leveraging technology to support children's learning in the real world is both appealing and technically challenging. We have been exploring factors in tangible games that may contribute to both learning and enjoyment with an eye toward technological feasibility and scalability. Previous research found that young children learned early physics principles better when interactively predicting and observing experimental comparisons on a physical earthquake table than when seeing a video of the same. Immersing children in the real world with computer vision-based feedback appears to evoke embodied cognition that enhances learning. In the current experiment, we replicated this intriguing result of the mere difference between observing the real world versus a flat-screen. Further, we explored whether a simple and scalable addition of physical control (such as shaking a tablet) would yield an increase in learning and enjoyment. Our 2x2 experiment found no evidence that adding simple forms of hands-on control enhances learning, while demonstrating a large impact of physical observation. A general implication for educational game design is that affording physical observation in the real world accompanied by interactive feedback may be more important than affording simple hands-on control on a tablet.	Learning from Mixed-Reality Games: Is Shaking a Tablet as Effective as Physical Observation?	NA:NA:NA	2015
Meredith Morris	NA	Session details: Motivation & Participation	NA	2015
Erin Brady:Meredith Ringel Morris:Jeffrey P. Bigham	Crowd-powered systems that help people are difficult to scale and sustain because human labor is expensive and worker pools are difficult to grow. To address this problem we introduce the idea of social microvolunteering, a type of intermediated friendsourcing in which a person can provide access to their friends as potential workers for microtasks supporting causes that they care about. We explore this idea by creating Visual Answers, an exemplar social microvolunteering application for Facebook that posts visual questions from people who are blind. We present results of a survey of 350 participants on the concept of social microvolunteering, and a deployment of the Visual Answers application with 91 participants, which collected 618 high-quality answers to questions asked over 12 days, illustrating the feasibility of the approach.	Gauging Receptiveness to Social Microvolunteering	NA:NA:NA	2015
Kristen Dergousoff:Regan L. Mandryk	Classic ways of gathering data on human behaviour are time-consuming, costly and are subject to limited participant pools. Crowdsourcing offers a reduction in operating costs and access to a diverse and large participant pool; however issues arise concerning low worker pay and questions about data quality. Gamification provides a motivation to participate, but also requires the development of specialized, research-question specific games that can be costly to produce. Our solution combines gamification and crowdsourcing in a smartphone-based system that emulates the popular Freemium model of play to motivate voluntary participation through in-game rewards, using a robust framework to study multiple unrelated research questions within the same system. We deployed our game on the Android store and compared it to a gamified laboratory version and a non-gamified laboratory version, and found that players who used the in-game rewards were motivated to do experimental tasks. There was no difference between the systems for performance on a motor task; however, performance on the cognitive task was worse for the crowdsourced game. We discuss options for improving performance on tasks requiring attention.	Mobile Gamification for Crowdsourcing Data Collection: Leveraging the Freemium Model	NA:NA	2015
Patrick C. Shih:Victoria Bellotti:Kyungsik Han:John M. Carroll	Timebanking is a service-based community currency, built on the principle that everyone's time is valued equally. It has potential for community building and reenergizing neighborhoods, but it faces several adoption challenges. We report on the largest investigation of timebanking practices to date by analyzing a combination of service exchange records from the three largest hOurworld timebanks with over 3,500 members with 33,000 completed service exchanges, and a survey of 446 members of over 120 hOurworld timebanks. Our findings suggest that the ideal of 'equal time, equal value' that is at the foundation of timebanking is a source of tension between members with instrumental versus idealistic and altruistic motivations. We suggest that future peer-to-peer systems must incorporate different rewards and incentives in order to accommodate users with different motivations.	Unequal Time for Unequal Value: Implications of Differing Motivations for Participation in Timebanking	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Victoria Bellotti:Alexander Ambard:Daniel Turner:Christina Gossmann:Kamila Demkova:John M. Carroll	This paper reports on a study of motivations for the use of peer-to-peer or sharing economy services. We interviewed both users and providers of these systems to obtain different perspectives and to determine if providers are matching their system designs to the most important drivers of use. We found that the motivational models implicit in providers' explanations of their systems' designs do not match well with what really seems to motivate users. Providers place great emphasis on idealistic motivations such as creating a better community and increasing sustainability. Users, on the other hand are looking for services that provide what they need whilst increasing value and convenience. We discuss the divergent models of providers and users and offer design implications for peer system providers.	A Muddle of Models of Motivation for Using Peer-to-Peer Economy Systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Adrian Clear	NA	Session details: Sustainability & Recycling	NA	2015
Pascal Lessel:Maximilian Altmeyer:Antonio Krüger	Sorting garbage is a relevant topic in many countries as it contributes to environmental protection. Empirical evidence suggests that not all people separate waste, potentially because they do not know how to do it correctly or are simply not motivated enough. We present the results of an online study (N=184) investigating people's capabilities for classifying waste, their capabilities to improve in this task over time and their current garbage separation behavior. The study confirms that the Wisdom of Crowds is applicable in this context as the crowd produces only half as many errors as the individual and feedback helps participants to improve. Based on this, we introduce the idea of a crowd classifying waste in a game, with their classification result then being used as feedback on gamified public trash cans to educate both the crowd playing the game and people using the trash can playfully.	Analysis of Recycling Capabilities of Individuals and Crowds to Encourage and Educate People to Separate Their Garbage Playfully	NA:NA:NA	2015
Eva Ganglbauer:Geraldine Fitzpatrick:Florian Güldenpfennig	Issues of consumer food waste in industrialised countries are becoming an increasing concern and this is paralleled by a growing interest in HCI to support more sustainable consumption practices. In this paper we report on a mobile food waste diary application that was made available on app stores, with the aim of enabling motivated people to reflect on their moments of food waste and to explore rationales. Through analysis of the entries submitted by users of the diary application, we identify instances of reflection located on different levels. The intention of supporting reflection was visible in instances of submitted diary entries where deeper in- sights about the relationships between food waste, previous experiences, habits, knowledge, occurrences and intentions to change were offered.	Why and what did we throw out?: Probing on Reflection through the Food Waste Diary	NA:NA:NA	2015
William Gaver:Mike Michael:Tobie Kerridge:Alex Wilkie:Andy Boucher:Liliana Ovalle:Matthew Plummer-Fernandez	The Energy Babble is a kind of automated talk-radio that is obsessed with energy and the environment. We developed it with, and deployed it to, a number of existing "energy communities" in the UK. The system gathers content from a variety of online sources, including Twitter? feeds from the communities, from governmental departments, and from the National Grid, and chats about it continually using a number of synthesised voices interspersed with a variety of jingles and sound effects. Designed to playfully reflect and comment on the existing state of discourse and reports of practice in the UK, the Babble can be considered both as a product and as a research tool, in which role it worked to highlight issues, understandings, practices and difficulties in the communities with whom we worked.	Energy Babble: Mixing Environmentally-Oriented Internet Content to Engage Community Groups	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Johanne Mose Entwistle:Mia Kruse Rasmussen:Nervo Verdezoto:Robert S. Brewer:Mads Schaarup Andersen	Addressing human impact on the environment by focusing on shared everyday practices, rather than just individual behavior is an approach that shows promise. However, it can be challenging to put this approach into concrete use, especially in teams unfamiliar with the practice orientation. To support the practice approach, we introduce the Contextual Wheel of Practice (COWOP), a framework that can: 1) help researchers and designers to better understand practices, 2) design effective interventions, and 3) facilitate collaboration between team members from different disciplines, who may not be familiar with the practice orientation. We describe how COWOP was developed, and our experiences using COWOP in three different cases. We then position COWOP as part of the "turn to practice" in HCI, and discuss how it can be useful to HCI researchers and be applied in domains beyond sustainability, such as healthcare and privacy.	Beyond the Individual: The Contextual Wheel of Practice as a Research Framework for Sustainable HCI	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Lena Mamykina	NA	Session details: The Value of the Village in Caregiving	NA	2015
Sean A. Munson:Erin Krupka:Caroline Richardson:Paul Resnick	Walking and other forms of physical activity have many health benefits, but people often fail to follow through on their own goals of being more active. To address gaps in current understanding of how to design technology-supported physical activity interventions, we conducted a randomized field experiment of a commitment device: making public announcements. In a control condition, weekly commitments were kept private. In two treatment conditions, they were announced on Facebook and by email. In one of the two, the announcements also included results: whether the previous week's commitment was kept. We find that, with or without public results, these posts can elicit supportive replies from the poster's social networks. People in both public announcements conditions were less likely to make commitments. We conclude that the prospect of public accountability may suppress the making of commitments in a way that counteracts the benefits of that accountability. Designers will need to address this limitation in order to make effective use of public accountability as a commitment device.	Effects of Public Commitments and Accountability in a Technology-Supported Physical Activity Intervention	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Haley MacLeod:Kim Oakes:Danika Geisler:Kay Connelly:Katie Siek	Researchers have created innovative technological solutions to support people with common chronic illnesses. In this study, we investigate design opportunities for people with rare diseases who are not well studied or have smaller populations to work with, because although an individual's disease may be rare, the number of people living with a rare disease is substantial. We conducted an interview study with 19 individuals with rare diseases from around the world to understand common problems and experiences that could be supported through design. We found that communicating with friends, family, and providers about her disease were challenges for participants. Additionally, participants thought of their disease as being a large part of who they were. We discuss these findings in the context of prior work on common chronic illnesses, addressing the potential relevance of existing technological interventions for people with rare diseases.	Rare World: Towards Technology for Rare Diseases	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Matthieu Tixier:Myriam Lewkowicz	Our research aims at informing the design of technological solutions to alleviate the stress resulting from the involvement of spouses of Alzheimer's disease patients as caregivers. For so doing, we have observed and analyzed the different offline solutions that are offered by a healthcare network in the Aube region (North-East of France). We discuss the key factors that we have identified for building an effective support network and identify five perspectives for the development of an online social support platform to lower the burden of spousal caregivers.	Looking for Respite and Support: Technological Opportunities for Spousal Caregivers	NA:NA	2015
Felicia Cordeiro:Daniel A. Epstein:Edison Thomaz:Elizabeth Bales:Arvind K. Jagannathan:Gregory D. Abowd:James Fogarty	Although food journaling is understood to be both important and difficult, little work has empirically documented the specific challenges people experience with food journals. We identify key challenges in a qualitative study combining a survey of 141 current and lapsed food journalers with analysis of 5,526 posts in community forums for three mobile food journals. Analyzing themes in this data, we find and discuss barriers to reliable food entry, negative nudges caused by current techniques, and challenges with social features. Our results motivate research exploring a wider range of approaches to food journal design and technology.	Barriers and Negative Nudges: Exploring Challenges in Food Journaling	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Simon Bowen	NA	Session details: I Like What I See - Interface Aesthetics	NA	2015
Aliaksei Miniukovich:Antonella De Angeli	People prefer attractive interfaces. Designers strive to outmatch competitors, and create apps and websites that stand out. However, significant expenses on design are unaffordable to small companies; instead, they could adopt automatic tools of interface aesthetics evaluation, a cheaper strategy to good design. This paper describes an important step towards such a tool; it presents eight automatic metrics of graphical user interface (GUI) aesthetics. We tested the metrics in two exploratory studies -- on desktop webpages (N = 62) and on iPhone apps (N = 53) -- and found them to function on both GUI types and for both immediate (150ms exposure) and deliberate (4s exposure) aesthetics impressions. Our best-fit regression models explained up to 49% of variance in webpage aesthetics and up to 32% (if app genre is considered) of variance in iPhone app aesthetics. These results confirm past results and suggest the metrics are valid and reliable enough to be widely discussed, and possibly, to be embedded in our prospective GUI evaluation tool, tLight.	Computation of Interface Aesthetics	NA:NA	2015
Moon-Hwan Lee:Seijin Cha:Tek-Jin Nam	Despite technological improvements in commercial activity trackers, little attention has been given to their emotional, social, or fashion-related qualities, such as their visual aesthetics and their relationship to self-expression and social connection. As an alternative integrated approach incorporating HCI, fashion, and product design, our project made use of the characteristics of patina to improve activity trackers as fashionable wearables. We developed the Patina Engraving System, which engraves patina-like patterns on an activity tracker according to a user's activity logs. Using a piercing technique, the patina of activity logs has been made abstract, visually rich, gradually emerging, and historically accumulated. During the field trial, we found that the patina motivated the participants to increase exercises for engraving aesthetic patinas. A tracker with patina triggered spontaneous social interactions in face-to-face situations. The participants also cherished the trackers that held their own history. Based on the field trial, we discuss design implications for utilizing patina in designing future fashionable technologies.	Patina Engraver: Visualizing Activity Logs as Patina in Fashionable Trackers	NA:NA:NA	2015
Yan Xu:Joshua Ratcliff:James Scovell:Gheric Speiginer:Ronald Azuma	This paper explores whether it is effective to use real-time on-screen guidance to help users take better photos with mobile devices. Using a three-camera array, we developed a photo-taking interface that provides real-time feedback on how to position the subject-of-interest according to a photography composition rule: rule-of-thirds. We conduct a user study to compare the aesthetic quality of photos taken with our real-time guidance interface against a static gridline interface common to existing digital cameras. Expert photographers and Mechanical Turk workers rate the aesthetic quality of these pairs of photos. Results indicate the photos taken with our real-time guidance interface have significantly higher aesthetics scores. This study shows the potential in using camera array, computational photography, and real-time guidance interface to help non-expert users take better photos.	Real-time Guidance Camera Interface to Enhance Photo Aesthetic Quality	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Lane Harrison:Katharina Reinecke:Remco Chang	Information graphics, or infographics, combine elements of data visualization with design and have become an increasingly popular means for disseminating data. While several studies have suggested that aesthetics in visualization and infographics relate to desirable outcomes like engagement and memorability, it remains unknown how quickly aesthetic impressions are formed, and what it is that makes an infographic appealing. We address these questions by analyzing 1,278 participants' ratings on appeal after seeing infographics for 500ms. Our results establish that: 1) people form a reliable first impression of the appeal of an infographic based on a mere exposure effect, 2) this first impression is largely based on colorfulness and visual complexity, and 3) age, gender, and education level influence the preferred level of colorfulness and complexity. More generally, these findings suggest that outcomes such as engagement and memorability might be determined much earlier than previously thought.	Infographic Aesthetics: Designing for the First Impression	NA:NA:NA	2015
Steve Haroz:Robert Kosara:Steven L. Franconeri	Although the infographic and design communities have used simple pictographic representations for decades, it is still unclear whether they can make visualizations more effective. Using simple charts, we tested how pictographic representations impact (1) memory for information just viewed, as well as under the load of additional information, (2) speed of finding information, and (3) engagement and preference in seeking out these visualizations. We find that superfluous images can distract. But we find no user costs -- and some intriguing benefits -- when pictographs are used to represent the data.	ISOTYPE Visualization: Working Memory, Performance, and Engagement with Pictographs	NA:NA:NA	2015
Luciano Gamberini	NA	Session details: Supporting Creativity through UX Design	NA	2015
Loutfouz Zaman:Wolfgang Stuerzlinger:Christian Neugebauer:Rob Woodbury:Maher Elkhaldi:Naghmi Shireen:Michael Terry	We present GEM-NI -- a graph-based generative-design tool that supports parallel exploration of alternative designs. Producing alternatives is a key feature of creative work, yet it is not strongly supported in most extant tools. GEM-NI enables various forms of exploration with alternatives such as parallel editing, recalling history, branching, merging, comparing, and Cartesian products of and for alternatives. Further, GEM-NI provides a modal graphical user interface and a design gallery, which both allow designers to control and manage their design exploration. We conducted an exploratory user study followed by in-depth one-on-one interviews with moderately and highly skills participants and obtained positive feedback for the system features, showing that GEM-NI supports creative design work well.	GEM-NI: A System for Creating and Managing Alternatives In Generative Design	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Joy Kim:Mira Dontcheva:Wilmot Li:Michael S. Bernstein:Daniela Steinsapir	Creating personal narratives helps people build meaning around their experiences. However, novices lack the knowledge and experience to create stories with strong narrative structure. Current storytelling tools often structure novice work through templates, enforcing a linear creative process that asks novices for materials they may not have. In this paper, we propose scaffolding creative work using storytelling patterns extracted from stories created by experts. Patterns are modular sets of related camera shots that expert videographers commonly use to achieve a specific narrative function. After identifying a set of patterns from high-quality storytelling videos, we created Motif, a mobile video storytelling application that allows users to construct video stories by combining these patterns. By making existing solutions used by experts available to novices, we encourage capturing shots with story structure and narrative goals in mind. In a controlled study where we asked participants to create travel video stories, videos created with patterns conveyed stronger narrative structure and were considered higher quality by expert evaluators than videos created without patterns.	Motif: Supporting Novice Creativity through Expert Patterns	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Peter O'Donovan:Aseem Agarwala:Aaron Hertzmann	Creating graphic designs can be challenging for novice users. This paper presents DesignScape, a system which aids the design process by making interactive layout suggestions, i.e., changes in the position, scale, and alignment of elements. The system uses two distinct but complementary types of suggestions: refinement suggestions, which improve the current layout, and brainstorming suggestions, which change the style. We investigate two interfaces for interacting with suggestions. First, we develop a suggestive interface, where suggestions are previewed and can be accepted. Second, we develop an adaptive interface where elements move automatically to improve the layout. We compare both interfaces with a baseline without suggestions, and show that for novice designers, both interfaces produce significantly better layouts, as evaluated by other novices.	DesignScape: Design with Interactive Layout Suggestions	NA:NA:NA	2015
Karin Slegers:Sanne Ruelens:Jorick Vissers:Pieter Duysburgh	This paper presents a board game approach as a UX research technique to assess potential user experiences regarding a future product. It discusses how the use of a board game may provide a) a safe research environment in which participants feel comfortable to share their thoughts and experiences in a group setting, and b) a tool to facilitate users to think about their needs regarding a future product. The use of the board game approach is illustrated by a case study in the context of developing a new train information system. The design of the board game that was used is described in detail, as well as how the game was used to elicit potential future experiences. A survey amongst the participants showed that the board game was appreciated as a surprising, pleasant and "safe" research method.	Using Game Principles in UX Research: A Board Game for Eliciting Future User Needs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Daniel Ashbrook	NA	Session details: Smartwatch Interaction	NA	2015
Jaeyeon Lee:Jaehyun Han:Geehyuk Lee	A watch-back tactile display (WBTD) is expected to be a viable supplement to the user interface limitations of a smartwatch. However, its design requires that many design parameters such as tactor types and stimulus patterns be determined. We conducted a series of experiments to explore the design space of a WBTD consisting of 3×3 tactors. We demonstrated that tactor types and the temporal patterns and locus of a stimulus produce statistically significant effects on the efficiency of a WBTD. The experimental results can act as a practical guideline for the design of an efficient WBTD.	Investigating the Information Transfer Efficiency of a 3x3 Watch-back Tactile Display	NA:NA:NA	2015
Jonggi Hong:Seongkook Heo:Poika Isokoski:Geehyuk Lee	Text entry on a smartwatch is a challenging problem due to the device's limited screen area. In this paper, we introduce the SplitBoard, which is a soft keyboard designed for a smartwatch. As the user flicks left or right on the keyboard, it switches between the left and right halves of a QWERTY keyboard. We report the results of two user experiments where the SplitBoard was compared to an ordinary QWERTY keyboard, the ZoomBoard, SlideBoard, and Qwerty-like keypad. We measured the initial performance with new users for each method. The SplitBoard outperformed all other techniques in the experiments. The SplitBoard is expected to be a viable option for smartwatch text entry because of its light processing requirements, good performance, and immediate learnability.	SplitBoard: A Simple Split Soft Keyboard for Wristwatch-sized Touch Screens	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Ian Oakley:DoYoung Lee:MD. Rasel Islam:Augusto Esteves	Interacting with smartwatches poses new challenges. Although capable of displaying complex content, their extremely small screens poorly match many of the touchscreen interaction techniques dominant on larger mobile devices. Addressing this problem, this paper presents beating gestures, a novel form of input based on pairs of simultaneous or rapidly sequential and overlapping screen taps made by the index and middle finger of one hand. Distinguished simply by their temporal sequence and relative left/right position these gestures are designed explicitly for the very small screens (approx. 40mm square) of smartwatches and to operate without interfering with regular single touch input. This paper presents the design of beating gestures and a rigorous empirical study that characterizes how users perform them -- in a mean of 355ms and with an error rate of 5.5%. We also derive thresholds for reliably distinguishing between simultaneous (under 30ms) and sequential (under 400ms) pairs of screen touches or releases. We then present five interface designs and evaluate them in a qualitative study in which users report valuing the speed and ready availability of beating gestures.	Beats: Tapping Gestures for Smart Watches	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Steven Houben:Nicolai Marquardt	People increasingly use smartwatches in tandem with other devices such as smartphones, laptops or tablets. This allows for novel cross-device applications that use the watch as both input device and output display. However, despite the increasing availability of smartwatches, prototyping cross-device watch-centric applications remains a challenging task. Developers are limited in the applications they can explore as available toolkits provide only limited access to different types of input sensors for cross-device interactions. To address this problem, we introduce WatchConnect, a toolkit for rapidly prototyping cross-device applications and interaction techniques with smartwatches. The toolkit provides developers with (i) an extendable hardware platform that emulates a smartwatch, (ii) a UI framework that integrates with an existing UI builder, and (iii) a rich set of input and output events using a range of built-in sensor mappings. We demonstrate the versatility and design space of the toolkit with five interaction techniques and applications.	WatchConnect: A Toolkit for Prototyping Smartwatch-Centric Cross-Device Applications	NA:NA	2015
Jennifer Pearson:Simon Robinson:Matt Jones	Current uses of smartwatches are focused solely around the wearer's content, viewed by the wearer alone. When worn on a wrist, however, watches are often visible to many other people, making it easy to quickly glance at their displays. We explore the possibility of extending smartwatch interactions to turn personal wearables into more public displays. We begin opening up this area by investigating fundamental aspects of this interaction form, such as the social acceptability and noticeability of looking at someone else's watch, as well as the likelihood of a watch face being visible to others. We then sketch out interaction dimensions as a design space, evaluating each aspect via a web-based study and a deployment of three potential designs. We conclude with a discussion of the findings, implications of the approach and ways in which designers in this space can approach public wrist-worn wearables.	It's About Time: Smartwatches as Public Displays	NA:NA:NA	2015
Otmar Hilliges	NA	Session details: Tangible Interactions	NA	2015
Jorick Vissers:David Geerts	This paper describes TUIkit, a new method for evaluating both physical and functional experiences of users with early TUI prototypes. By means of a study to evaluate interactive dice prototypes, TUIkit's appropriateness for tracing the effect of different physical attributes (e.g. shape, size, weight, material, texture) on the functional and thus overall user experience was investigated. The results show that separating physical and functional experiences first and joining these afterwards, enhanced the evaluation of TUI prototypes. By applying this approach, participants became more aware of how they physically experienced the prototypes, rather than focusing solely on the functional value of the prototypes. This awareness supports earlier studies that suggest that TUIs consist of more than just interaction, and that form and materiality has a strong impact on their user experience. Finally, we suggest some future adjustments of the TUIkit method.	TUIkit: Evaluating Physical and Functional Experiences of Tangible User Interface Prototypes	NA:NA	2015
Valkyrie Savage:Andrew Head:Björn Hartmann:Dan B. Goldman:Gautham Mysore:Wilmot Li	We describe Lamello, an approach for creating tangible input components that recognize user interaction via passive acoustic sensing. Lamello employs comb-like structures with varying-length tines at interaction points (e.g., along slider paths). Moving a component generates tine strikes; a real-time audio processing pipeline analyzes the resultant sounds and emits high-level interaction events. Our main contributions are in the co-design of the tine structures, information encoding schemes, and audio analysis. We demonstrate 3D printed Lamello-powered buttons, sliders, and dials.	Lamello: Passive Acoustic Sensing for Tangible Input Components	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Rong-Hao Liang:Chao Shen:Yu-Chien Chan:Guan-Ting Chou:Liwei Chan:De-Nian Yang:Mike Y. Chen:Bing-Yu Chen	This work presents WonderLens, a system of optical lenses and mirrors for enabling tangible interactions on printed paper. When users perform spatial operations on the optical components, they deform the visual content that is printed on paper, and thereby provide dynamic visual feedback on user interactions without any display devices. The magnetic unit that is embedded in each lens and mirror allows the unit to be identified and tracked using an analog Hall-sensor grid that is placed behind the paper, so the system provides additional auditory and visual feedback through different levels of embodiment, further enhancing the interactivity with the printed content on the physical paper.	WonderLens: Optical Lenses and Mirrors for Tangible Interactions on Printed Paper	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Hyosun Kwon:Shashank Jaiswal:Steve Benford:Sue Ann Seah:Peter Bennett:Boriana Koleva:Holger Schnädelbach	This paper introduces FugaciousFilm, a soap film based touch display, as a platform for Attentive Interaction that encourages the user to be highly focused throughout the use of the interface. Previous work on ephemeral user interfaces has primarily focused on the development of ambient and peripheral displays. In contrast, FugaciousFilm is an ephemeral display that aims to promote highly attentive interaction. We present the iterative process of developing this interface, spanning technical explorations, prototyping and a user study. We report lessons learnt when designing the interface; ranging from the soap film mixture to the impact of frames and apertures. We then describe developing the touch, push, pull and pop interactions. Our user study shows how FugaciousFilm led to focused and attentive interactions during a tournament of enhanced Tic-Tac-Toe. We then finish by discussing how the principles of vulnerability and delicacy can motivate the design of attentive ephemeral interfaces.	FugaciousFilm: Exploring Attentive Interaction with Ephemeral Material	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Marynel Vázquez:Eric Brockmeyer:Ruta Desai:Chris Harrison:Scott E. Hudson	We explore 3D printing physical controls whose tactile response can be manipulated programmatically through pneumatic actuation. In particular, by manipulating the internal air pressure of various pneumatic elements, we can create mechanisms that require different levels of actuation force and can also change their shape. We introduce and discuss a series of example 3D printed pneumatic controls, which demonstrate the feasibility of our approach. This includes conventional controls, such as buttons, knobs and sliders, but also extends to domains such as toys and deformable interfaces. We describe the challenges that we faced and the methods that we used to overcome some of the limitations of current 3D printing technology. We conclude with example applications and thoughts on future avenues of research.	3D Printing Pneumatic Device Controls with Variable Activation Force Capabilities	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
David England	NA	Session details: New Evaluation Approaches	NA	2015
Christian Remy:Silke Gegenbauer:Elaine M. Huang	Despite significant progress in sustainable HCI towards theoretical frameworks to guide design, there is a gap between theory and practice, so that the impact of such frameworks is limited. As an initial exploration in bridging the theory-practice gap, we conducted a study using one well-established design framework, the Attachment Framework, to evaluate its applicability in use. We conducted a comparative study with 14 designers to explore the effect of the Attachment Framework on design, and evaluated their designs with 10 design experts using a set of six design criteria. Our results indicated a positive effect on the criterion of novelty, with mixed effects on attachment, presentation, aesthetics, usefulness, and feasibility. We contribute a set of challenges in the application of design frameworks to practice and offer a critical reflection on how researchers can more effectively communicate sustainable HCI design frameworks to practitioners.	Bridging the Theory-Practice Gap: Lessons and Challenges of Applying the Attachment Framework for Sustainable HCI Design	NA:NA:NA	2015
François Bérard:Amélie Rochet-Capellan	Human-computer interaction should be natural. However, the notion of natural is questioned due to a lack of theoretical background and methods to objectively measure the naturalness of a HCI. A frequently cited aspect of natural HCIs is their ability to benefit from knowledge and skills that users develop in their interaction with the real (non-digital) world. Among these skills, sensory-motor abilities are essential to operate many HCIs. This suggests that the transfer of these abilities between physical and digital interactions could be used as an experimental tool to assess the sensory-motor similarity between interactions, and could be considered as an objective measurement of the sensory-motor grounding of naturalness. In this framework, we introduce a new experimental paradigm inspired by motor learning research to assess sensory-motor similarity, as revealed by the transfer of learning. We tested this paradigm in an empirical study to question the naturalness of three HCIs: direct-touch, mouse pointing and absolute indirect-touch. The study revealed how skill learning transfers from these three digital interactions towards an equivalent physical interaction. We observed strong transfer of skill between direct-touch and physical interaction, but no transfer from the other two interactions. This work provides a first objective assessment of the sensory-motor basis of direct-touch naturalness, and a new empirical path to question HCI similarity and naturalness.	The Transfer of Learning as HCI Similarity: Towards an Objective Assessment of the Sensory-Motor Basis of Naturalness	NA:NA	2015
Radu-Daniel Vatavu:Jacob O. Wobbrock	We address in this work the process of agreement rate analysis for characterizing the level of consensus between participants' proposals elicited during guessability studies. Two new measures, i.e., disagreement rate for referents and coagreement rate between referents, are proposed to accompany the widely-used agreement rate formula of Wobbrock et al. [37] when reporting participants' consensus for symbolic input. A statistical significance test for comparing the agreement rates of k>=2 referents is presented in analogy with Cochran's success/failure Q test [5], for which we express the test statistic in terms of agreement and coagreement rates. We deliver a toolkit to assist practitioners to compute agreement, disagreement, and coagreement rates, and run statistical tests for agreement rates at p=.05, .01, and .001 levels of significance. We validate our theoretical development of agreement rate analysis in relation with several previously published elicitation studies. For example, when we present the probability distribution function of the agreement rate measure, we also use it (1) to explain the magnitude of agreement rates previously reported in the literature, and (2) to propose qualitative interpretations for agreement rates, in analogy with Cohen's guidelines for effect sizes [6]. We also re-examine previously published elicitation data from the perspective of the agreement rate test statistic, and highlight new findings on the effect of referents over agreement rates, unattainable prior to this work. We hope that our contributions will advance the current knowledge in agreement rate analysis, providing researchers and practitioners with new techniques and tools to help them understand user-elicited data at deeper levels of detail and sophistication.	Formalizing Agreement Analysis for Elicitation Studies: New Measures, Significance Test, and Toolkit	NA:NA	2015
Yunqiu Li:Patrick Oladimeji:Harold Thimbleby	Managing and reducing error in number entry tasks is important, especially in safety critical contexts. Understanding factors that can affect number entry accuracy could help the design of more dependable systems. We present three interventions for number entry tasks, inspired by known priming effects (where exposure to prior stimuli can impact task performance). The interventions were questions for the operator to answer before entering each number. Questions related to the value/size of the number, its structure, and the context of the number entry task respectively. Results of a within-subject study show that although there was no significant difference amongst performance across interventions, all three interventions helped to improve the accuracy of number entry by reducing entry errors (by up to 40.8%) and unnoticed errors (by up to 60.7%). These are impressive gains and suggest the importance of more work in this area.	Exploring the Effect of Pre-operational Priming Intervention on Number Entry Errors	NA:NA:NA	2015
Bongwon Suh	NA	Session details: Evaluating Crowdsourcing	NA	2015
Tanushree Mitra:C.J. Hutto:Eric Gilbert	In the past half-decade, Amazon Mechanical Turk has radically changed the way many scholars do research. The availability of a massive, distributed, anonymous crowd of individuals willing to perform general human-intelligence micro-tasks for micro-payments is a valuable resource for researchers and practitioners. This paper addresses the challenges of obtaining quality annotations for subjective judgment oriented tasks of varying difficulty. We design and conduct a large, controlled experiment (N=68,000) to measure the efficacy of selected strategies for obtaining high quality data annotations from non-experts. Our results point to the advantages of person-oriented strategies over process-oriented strategies. Specifically, we find that screening workers for requisite cognitive aptitudes and providing training in qualitative coding techniques is quite effective, significantly outperforming control and baseline conditions. Interestingly, such strategies can improve coder annotation accuracy above and beyond common benchmark strategies such as Bayesian Truth Serum (BTS).	Comparing Person- and Process-centric Strategies for Obtaining Quality Data on Amazon Mechanical Turk	NA:NA:NA	2015
David A. Robb:Stefano Padilla:Britta Kalkreuter:Mike J. Chantler	Cognitive styles theories suggest that we divide into visual and verbal thinkers. In this paper we describe a method designed to encourage visual communication between designers and their audiences. This new visual feedback method is based on enabling fast intuitive selections by the crowd from image banks when responding to an idea. Visual summarization reduces the massed image choices to a small number of representative images. These summaries are then consumed at a glance by designers receiving the feedback leading to thoughtful reflection on their designs. We report an evaluation using two types of imagery for feedback. Twelve designers took part, receiving visual feedback in response to their designs. In semi-structured interviews they described their interpretation of the feedback, how it inspired them to change their designs and contrasted it with text feedback. Eleven of the twelve designers revealed that they would be enthusiastic users of a service providing this new mode of feedback.	Crowdsourced Feedback With Imagery Rather Than Text: Would Designers Use It?	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Justin Cheng:Jaime Teevan:Michael S. Bernstein	Crowdsourcing systems lack effective measures of the effort required to complete each task. Without knowing how much time workers need to execute a task well, requesters struggle to accurately structure and price their work. Objective measures of effort could better help workers identify tasks that are worth their time. We propose a data-driven effort metric, ETA (error-time area), that can be used to determine a task's fair price. It empirically models the relationship between time and error rate by manipulating the time that workers have to complete a task. ETA reports the area under the error-time curve as a continuous metric of worker effort. The curve's 10th percentile is also interpretable as the minimum time most workers require to complete the task without error, which can be used to price the task. We validate the ETA metric on ten common crowdsourcing tasks, including tagging, transcription, and search, and find that ETA closely tracks how workers would rank these tasks by effort. We also demonstrate how ETA allows requesters to rapidly iterate on task designs and measure whether the changes improve worker efficiency. Our findings can facilitate the process of designing, pricing, and allocating crowdsourcing tasks.	Measuring Crowdsourcing Effort with Error-Time Curves	NA:NA:NA	2015
Walter S. Lasecki:Jeffrey M. Rzeszotarski:Adam Marcus:Jeffrey P. Bigham	A common approach in crowdsourcing is to break large tasks into small microtasks so that they can be parallelized across many crowd workers and so that redundant work can be more easily compared for quality control. In practice, this can result in the microtasks being presented out of their natural order and often introduces delays between individual microtasks. In this paper, we demonstrate in a study of 338 crowd workers that non-sequential microtasks and the introduction of delays significantly decreases worker performance. We show that interruptions where a large delay occurs between two related tasks can cause up to a 102% slowdown in completion time, and interruptions where workers are asked to perform different tasks in sequence can slow down completion time by 57%. We conclude with a set of design guidelines to improve both worker performance and realized pay, and instructions for implementing these changes in existing interfaces for crowd work.	The Effects of Sequence and Delay on Crowd Work	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Lionel Robert:Daniel M. Romero	Crowds are increasingly being adopted to solve complex problems. Size and diversity are two key characteristics of crowds; however their relationship to performance is often paradoxical. To better understand the effects of crowd size and diversity on crowd performance we conducted a study on the quality of 4,317 articles in the WikiProject Film community. The results of our study suggest that crowd size leads to better performance when crowds are more diverse. However, there is a break-even point -- smaller, less diverse crowds can outperform more diverse crowds of similar size. Our results offer new insights into the effects of size and diversity on the performance of crowds.	Crowd Size, Diversity and Performance	NA:NA	2015
Andrea Bianchi	NA	Session details: Smart Smartphone Authentication	NA	2015
Alina Hang:Alexander De Luca:Heinrich Hussmann	In this paper, we present the design and evaluation of dynamic security questions for fallback authentication. In case users lose access to their device, the system asks questions about their usage behavior (e.g. calls, text messages or app usage). We performed two consecutive user studies with real users and real adversaries to identify questions that work well in the sense that they are easy to answer for the genuine user, but hard to guess for an adversary. The results show that app installations and communication are the most promising categories of questions. Using three questions from the evaluated categories was sufficient to get an accuracy of 95.5% - 100%.	I Know What You Did Last Week! Do You?: Dynamic Security Questions for Fallback Authentication on Smartphones	NA:NA:NA	2015
Daniel Buschek:Alexander De Luca:Florian Alt	Authentication methods can be improved by considering implicit, individual behavioural cues. In particular, verifying users based on typing behaviour has been widely studied with physical keyboards. On mobile touchscreens, the same concepts have been applied with little adaptations so far. This paper presents the first reported study on mobile keystroke biometrics which compares touch-specific features between three different hand postures and evaluation schemes. Based on 20.160 password entries from a study with 28 participants over two weeks, we show that including spatial touch features reduces implicit authentication equal error rates (EER) by 26.4 - 36.8% relative to the previously used temporal features. We also show that authentication works better for some hand postures than others. To improve applicability and usability, we further quantify the influence of common evaluation assumptions: known attacker data, training and testing on data from a single typing session, and fixed hand postures. We show that these practices can lead to overly optimistic evaluations. In consequence, we describe evaluation recommendations, a probabilistic framework to handle unknown hand postures, and ideas for further improvements.	Improving Accuracy, Applicability and Usability of Keystroke Biometrics on Mobile Touchscreen Devices	NA:NA:NA	2015
Emanuel von Zezschwitz:Alexander De Luca:Bruno Brunkow:Heinrich Hussmann	In this paper, we present SwiPIN, a novel authentication system that allows input of traditional PINs using simple touch gestures like up or down and makes it secure against human observers. We present two user studies which evaluated different designs of SwiPIN and compared it against traditional PIN. The results show that SwiPIN performs adequately fast (3.7 s) to serve as an alternative input method for risky situations. Furthermore, SwiPIN is easy to use, significantly more secure against shoulder surfing attacks and switching between PIN and SwiPIN feels natural.	SwiPIN: Fast and Secure PIN-Entry on Smartphones	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Christian Winkler:Jan Gugenheimer:Alexander De Luca:Gabriel Haas:Philipp Speidel:David Dobbelstein:Enrico Rukzio	This paper presents Glass Unlock, a novel concept using smart glasses for smartphone unlocking, which is theoretically secure against smudge attacks, shoulder-surfing, and camera attacks. By introducing an additional temporary secret like the layout of digits that is only shown on the private near-eye display, attackers cannot make sense of the observed input on the almost empty phone screen. We report a user study with three alternative input methods and compare them to current state-of-the-art systems. Our findings show that Glass Unlock only moderately increases authentication times and that users favor the input method yielding the slowest input times as it avoids focus switches between displays.	Glass Unlock: Enhancing Security of Smartphone Unlocking through Leveraging a Private Near-eye Display	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Alexander De Luca:Alina Hang:Emanuel von Zezschwitz:Heinrich Hussmann	We present the results of an MTurk survey (n=383) on the reasons for using and not using biometric authentication systems on smartphones. We focused on Apple's Touch ID as well as Android's Face Unlock as they are the most prevalent systems on the market. For both systems, we categorized the participants as a) current users, b) former users that deactivated it at some point and c) nonusers. The results show that usability is one of the main factors that influences the decision on whether or not to use biometric verification on the smartphone. To our surprise and as opposed to previous research on biometric authentication, privacy and trust issues were not among the most important decision factors.	I Feel Like I'm Taking Selfies All Day!: Towards Understanding Biometric Authentication on Smartphones	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Sameer Patil:Roberto Hoyle:Roman Schlegel:Apu Kapadia:Adam J. Lee	Feedback about privacy-affecting system operations is important for informed end-user privacy management. While feedback is most relevant if provided immediately, such delivery interrupts the user and risks disrupting ongoing tasks. The timing, volume, and nature of feedback is therefore critical for avoiding inopportune interruption. We varied the timing and actionability of feedback regarding accesses to a user's physical location. We found that the sense of privacy violation was heightened when feedback was immediate, but not actionable. While immediate and actionable feedback may sometimes be necessary, our findings suggest that moderately delayed feedback is often acceptable. A moderate delay may serve as a compromise to minimize interruption and avoid overly alarming reaction to immediate feedback. However, immediate and actionable feedback could still be beneficial when privacy sensitivity is high or ambiguous.	Interrupt Now or Inform Later?: Comparing Immediate and Delayed Privacy Feedback	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Tae-Jung Yun	NA	Session details: Healthcare Bias, Engagement & Adaptation	NA	2015
Ofra Amir:Barbara J. Grosz:Krzysztof Z. Gajos:Sonja M. Swenson:Lee M. Sanders	Children with complex health conditions require care from a large, diverse team of caregivers that includes multiple types of medical professionals, parents and community support organizations. Coordination of their outpatient care, essential for good outcomes, presents major challenges. Extensive healthcare research has shown that the use of integrated, team-based care plans improves care coordination, but such plans are rarely deployed in practice. This paper reports on a study of care teams treating children with complex conditions at a major university tertiary care center. This study investigated barriers to plan implementation and resultant care coordination problems. It revealed the complex nature of teamwork in complex care, which poses challenges to team coordination that extend beyond those identified in prior work and handled by existing coordination systems. The paper builds on a computational teamwork theory to identify opportunities for technology to support increased plan-based complex-care coordination and to propose design approaches for systems that enable and enhance such coordination.	From Care Plans to Care Coordination: Opportunities for Computer Support of Teamwork in Complex Healthcare	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Trevor Perrier:Nicola Dell:Brian DeRenzi:Richard Anderson:John Kinuthia:Jennifer Unger:Grace John-Stewart	A growing body of HCI4D research studies the use of SMS communication to deliver health and information services to underserved populations. This paper contributes a novel dimension to this field of study by examining if a hybrid computer-human SMS system can engage pregnant women in Kenya in health-related communication. Our approach leverages the different strengths of both the computer and the human. The computer automates the bulk-sending of personalized messages to patients, allowing the human to read patients' replies and respond to those in need of attention. Findings from a 12-month deployment with 100 women show that our approach is capable of engaging the majority of participants in health-related conversations. We show that receiving messages from the system triggers participant communication and the amount of communication increases as participants approach their expected due date. In addition, analysis of participants' messages shows that they often contain sensitive health information conveyed through a complex mixture of languages and 'txting' abbreviations, all of which highlight the benefits of including a human in the workflow. Our findings are relevant for HCI researchers and practitioners interested in understanding or engaging underserved populations.	Engaging Pregnant Women in Kenya with a Hybrid Computer-Human SMS Communication System	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Q. Vera Liao:Wai-Tat Fu:Sri Shilpa Mamidi	Selective exposure, the preferential seeking of confirmatory information, can potentially exacerbate fragmentation of online opinions and lead to biased decisions. We tested whether features that allowed users to better distinguish information about different issue aspects would encourage them to take different perspectives, thereby moderating the negative influence of pre-existing beliefs on information seeking. Using an information aggregator that provided drug related comments, we conducted an experiment to study the impact of aspect indicators (indicating whether the comment was about effectiveness or side effects) on moderating selective exposure. We found that, when participants were asked to decide between medications for high-risk diseases, and had preexisting biased beliefs in their effectiveness (one medication was less effective than the other), without aspect indicators they exhibited selective exposure to both types of comments (effectiveness and side effects) and were biased to choose the medication in confirmation of their pre-existing beliefs. With aspect indicators, we found reduced selective exposure to information about side effects of the medications, and as a result their overall decision bias was mitigated. However, the effect of aspect indicators in reducing selective exposure was moderated by the decision contexts, including the perceived risk of the diseases and whether the aspect was perceived to be critical to the decision.	It Is All About Perspective: An Exploration of Mitigating Selective Exposure with Aspect Indicators	NA:NA:NA	2015
Charles Perin	NA	Session details: Storytelling in InfoVis	NA	2015
Jeremy Boy:Francoise Detienne:Jean-Daniel Fekete	We present the results of three web-based field experiments, in which we evaluate the impact of using initial narrative visualization techniques and storytelling on user-engagement with exploratory information visualizations. We conducted these experiments on a popular news and opinion outlet, and on a popular visualization gallery website. While data-journalism exposes visualizations to a large public, we do not know how effectively this public makes sense of interactive graphics, and in particular if people explore them to gain additional insight to that provided by the journalists. In contrast to our hypotheses, our results indicate that augmenting exploratory visualizations with introductory 'stories' does not seem to increase user-engagement in exploration.	Storytelling in Information Visualizations: Does it Engage Users to Explore Data?	NA:NA:NA	2015
Fereshteh Amini:Nathalie Henry Riche:Bongshin Lee:Christophe Hurter:Pourang Irani	Data videos, motion graphics that incorporate visualizations about facts, are increasingly gaining popularity as a means of telling stories with data. However, very little is systematically recorded about (a) what elements are featured in data videos and (b) the processes used to create them. In this article, we provide initial insights to build this knowledge. We first report on a qualitative analysis of 50 professionally designed data videos, extracting and exposing their most salient constituents. Second, we report on a series of workshops with experienced storytellers from cinematography, graphics design and screenplay writing. We provided them with a set of data facts and visualizations and observed them create storyboards for data videos. From these exploratory studies, we derive broader implications for the design of an authoring tool to enable a wide audience to create data videos. Our findings highlight the importance of providing a flexible tool supporting a non-linear creation process and allowing users to iteratively go back to different phases of the process.	Understanding Data Videos: Looking at Narrative Visualization through the Cinematography Lens	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Anshul Vikram Pandey:Katharina Rall:Margaret L. Satterthwaite:Oded Nov:Enrico Bertini	In this paper, we present an empirical analysis of deceptive visualizations. We start with an in-depth analysis of what deception means in the context of data visualization, and categorize deceptive visualizations based on the type of deception they lead to. We identify popular distortion techniques and the type of visualizations those distortions can be applied to, and formalize why deception occurs with those distortions. We create four deceptive visualizations using the selected distortion techniques, and run a crowdsourced user study to identify the deceptiveness of those visualizations. We then present the findings of our study and show how deceptive each of these visual distortion techniques are, and for what kind of questions the misinterpretation occurs. We also analyze individual differences among participants and present the effect of some of those variables on participants' responses. This paper presents a first step in empirically studying deceptive visualizations, and will pave the way for more research in this direction.	How Deceptive are Deceptive Visualizations?: An Empirical Analysis of Common Distortion Techniques	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Bon Adriel Aseniero:Tiffany Wun:David Ledo:Guenther Ruhe:Anthony Tang:Sheelagh Carpendale	Software is typically developed incrementally and released in stages. Planning these releases involves deciding which features of the system should be implemented for each release. This is a complex planning process involving numerous trade-offs-constraints and factors that often make decisions difficult. Since the success of a product depends on this plan, it is important to understand the trade-offs between different release plans in order to make an informed choice. We present STRATOS, a tool that simultaneously visualizes several software release plans. The visualization shows several attributes about each plan that are important to planners. Multiple plans are shown in a single layout to help planners find and understand the trade-offs between alternative plans. We evaluated our tool via a qualitative study and found that STRATOS enables a range of decision-making processes, helping participants decide on which plan is most optimal.	STRATOS: Using Visualization to Support Decisions in Strategic Software Release Planning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jessica Cauchard	NA	Session details: Grip, Move & Tilt: Novel Interaction	NA	2015
Fraser Anderson:Tovi Grossman:Daniel Wigdor:George Fitzmaurice	Mobile devices offer constant connectivity to the world, which can negatively affect in-person interaction. Current approaches to minimizing the social disruption and improving the subtlety of interactions tend to focus on the development of inconspicuous devices that provide basic input or output. This paper presents a more general approach to subtle interaction and demonstrates how a number of principles from magic can be leveraged to improve subtlety. It also presents a framework that can be used to classify subtle interfaces along with a modular set of novel interfaces that fit within this framework. Lastly, the paper presents a new evaluation paradigm specifically designed to assess the subtlety of interactions. This paradigm is used to compare traditional approaches to our new subtle approaches. We find our new approaches are over five times more subtle than traditional interactions, even when participants are aware of the technologies being used.	Supporting Subtlety with Deceptive Devices and Illusory Interactions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Youli Chang:Sehi L'Yi:Kyle Koh:Jinwook Seo	As large-screen smartphones are trending, they bring a new set of challenges such as acquiring unreachable screen targets using one hand. To understand users' touch behavior on large mobile touchscreens, we conducted an empirical experiment to discover their usage patterns of tilting devices toward their thumbs to touch screen regions. Exploiting this natural tilting behavior, we designed three novel mobile interaction techniques: TiltSlide, TiltReduction, and TiltCursor. We conducted a controlled experiment to compare our methods with other existing methods, and then evaluated them in real mobile phone scenarios such as sending an e-mail and web surfing. We constructed a design space for one-hand targeting interactions and proposed design considerations for one-hand targeting in real mobile phone circumstances.	Understanding Users' Touch Behavior on Large Mobile Touch-Screens and Assisted Targeting by Tilting Gesture	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Audrey Girouard:Jessica Lo:Md Riyadh:Farshad Daliri:Alexander Keith Eady:Jerome Pasquero	Smartphones are becoming larger, mainly because bigger screens offer a better experience for viewing content. One drawback of larger screens is that they make single-hand interactions difficult because of hard to reach touch targets and of the need to re-grip the device, both factors significantly reducing their usability. Flexible smartphones offer an opportunity for addressing this issue. We first set out to determine the use of common single-hand mobile interactions through an online survey. Then, we designed and evaluated one-handed deformable gestures that offer the potential for addressing the finger reach limitation on large smartphones. We identified that the top right up bend and the center squeeze up gestures are the fastest and preferred gestures. We found no hand preference, which indicates that the gestures could be implemented to fit the needs of a wider range of the population, instead of favoring right-handed users. Finally, we discuss the impact on deformable gestures on one-handed interactions issues.	One-Handed Bend Interactions with Deformable Smartphones	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Matei Negulescu:Joanna McGrenere	In order to reach targets with one hand on common large mobile touch displays, users tilt and shift the device in their hand. In this work, we use this grip change as a continuous information stream for detecting where the user will touch while their finger is still en-route. We refer to this as in the air prediction. We show that grip change detected using standard mobile motion sensors produces similar in the air touch point predictions to techniques that use auxiliary sensor arrays, even in varying physical scenarios such as interacting in a moving vehicle. Finally, our model that combines grip change and the resulting touch point predicted where users intended to land, lowering error rates by 41%.	Grip Change as an Information Side Channel for Mobile Touch Interaction	NA:NA	2015
Jens Müller:Roman Rädle:Hans-Christian Jetter:Harald Reiterer	Dynamic peephole navigation represents a technique for navigating large information spaces in an egocentric way. Studies have shown cognitive benefits for a vertical peephole orientation, when compared to non-egocentric interaction styles. To see how the aspect of canvas orientation effects user performance, we conducted a study (N=16) which revealed that canvas orientation has no significant effect on either navigation performance or spatial memory. We also found a significantly lower physical demand and a higher mental demand in the horizontal orientation. For short-term activities we therefore propose a vertical orientation, while for long-term activities horizontal dynamic peephole navigation is more suitable.	An Experimental Comparison of Vertical and Horizontal Dynamic Peephole Navigation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Amy Ogan	NA	Session details: Interactive Video & Collaborative Annotations	NA	2015
Juho Kim:Elena L. Glassman:Andrés Monroy-Hernández:Meredith Ringel Morris	Teachers in conventional classrooms often ask learners to express themselves and show their thought processes by speaking out loud, drawing on a whiteboard, or even using physical objects. Despite the pedagogical value of such activities, interactive exercises available in most online learning platforms are constrained to multiple-choice and short answer questions. We introduce RIMES, a system for easily authoring, recording, and reviewing interactive multimedia exercises embedded in lecture videos. With RIMES, teachers can prompt learners to record their responses to an activity using video, audio, and inking while watching lecture videos. Teachers can then review and interact with all the learners' responses in an aggregated gallery. We evaluated RIMES with 19 teachers and 25 students. Teachers created a diverse set of activities across multiple subjects that tested deep conceptual and procedural knowledge. Teachers found the exercises useful for capturing students' thought processes, identifying misconceptions, and engaging students with content.	RIMES: Embedding Interactive Multimedia Exercises in Lecture Videos	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Eleanor O'Rourke:Erik Andersen:Sumit Gulwani:Zoran Popović	Interactive learning environments such as intelligent tutoring systems and software tutorials often teach procedures with step-by-step demonstrations. This instructional scaffolding is typically authored by hand, and little can be reused across problem domains. In this work, we present a framework for generating interactive tutorials from an algorithmic representation of the problem-solving thought process. Given a set of mappings between programming language constructs and user interface elements, we step through this algorithm line-by-line to trigger visual explanations of each step. This approach allows us to automatically generate tutorials for any example problem that can be solved with this algorithm. We describe two prototype implementations in the domains of K-12 mathematics and educational games, and present results from two user studies showing that educational technologists can author thought-process procedures and that generated tutorials can effectively teach a new procedure to students.	A Framework for Automatically Generating Interactive Instructional Scaffolding	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Elena L. Glassman:Juho Kim:Andrés Monroy-Hernández:Meredith Ringel Morris	Educators have developed an effective technique to get feedback after in-person lectures, called "muddy cards." Students are given time to reflect and write the "muddiest" (least clear) point on an index card, to hand in as they leave class. This practice of assigning end-of-lecture reflection tasks to generate explicit student feedback is well suited for adaptation to the challenge of supporting feedback in online video lectures. We describe the design and evaluation of Mudslide, a prototype system that translates the practice of muddy cards into the realm of online lecture videos. Based on an in-lab study of students and teachers, we find that spatially contextualizing students' muddy point feedback with respect to particular lecture slides is advantageous to both students and teachers. We also reflect on further opportunities for enhancing this feedback method based on teachers' and students' experiences with our prototype.	Mudslide: A Spatially Anchored Census of Student Confusion for Online Lecture Videos	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Cuong Nguyen:Feng Liu	Tutorial videos are widely available to help people use software. These videos, however, are viewed by users as captured and offer little direct interaction between users and software. This paper presents a video navigation method that allows users to interact with software tutorial video as if they were using the software. To make the tutorial video responsive, our method records the user interaction events like mouse click and drag during capturing the video. Our method then analyzes, selects, and visualizes these user interaction events at the event locations. When a user directly interacts with an event visualization, our method automatically navigates to the proper video frame to provide the visual feedback as if the software were responding to the user input. Thus, our method provides the experience of interacting with the software through directly manipulating the tutorial video. Our study shows our method can better help users follow tutorial videos to complete tasks than the baseline timeline interface.	Making Software Tutorial Video Responsive	NA:NA	2015
Shiwei Cheng:Zhiqiang Sun:Lingyun Sun:Kirsten Yee:Anind K. Dey	We study eye gaze movement behavior during paper reading and generate a series of annotations from a user's reading features: gray shading to indicate reading speed, borders to indicate frequency of re-reading, and lines to indicate transitions between sections of a document. Through a user study, we validate that our SocialReading system that shares teachers' gaze data for an academic paper can improve students' reading comprehension of that paper.	Gaze-Based Annotations for Reading Comprehension	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Maria Wolters	NA	Session details: HCI for the Elderly	NA	2015
Kathrin M. Gerling:Regan L. Mandryk:Conor Linehan	Recent research suggests that motion-based video games have the potential to provide both mental and physical stimulation for older adults in residential care. However, little research has explored the practical challenges and opportunities that arise from integrating these games within existing schedules of activities in these contexts. In our work, we report on a qualitative enquiry that was conducted over a three month period at two long-term care facilities. Findings suggest that older adults enjoyed playing video games, and that games can be a valuable means of re-introducing challenge in late life, but that the impact of age-related changes and impairment can influence people's ability to engage with games in a group setting. We outline core challenges in the design for care context and discuss implications of our work regarding the suitability of games as a self-directed leisure activity.	Long-Term Use of Motion-Based Video Games in Care Home Settings	NA:NA:NA	2015
Jason Chen Zhao:Richard C. Davis:Pin Sym Foong:Shengdong Zhao	We present CoFaçade, a novel approach to helping elders reach their goals with IT products by working collaboratively with helpers. In this approach, the elder uses an interface with a small number of triggers, where each trigger is a single button (or card) that can execute a procedure. The helper uses a customization interface to link triggers to procedures that accomplish frequently-recurring high-level goals with IT products. Customization can be done either locally or remotely. We conducted an experiment to compare the CoFaçade approach with a baseline approach where helpers taught elders to perform IT tasks. Our results showed that CoFaçade can reduce helpers' time and effort, reduce elders' frustration, and improve elders' success rate in completing IT tasks.	CoFaçade: A Customizable Assistive Approach for Elders and Their Helpers	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Barbara Barbosa Neves:Rachel L. Franz:Cosmin Munteanu:Ronald Baecker:Mags Ngo	Adoption and use of novel technology by the institutionalized 'oldest old' (80+) is understudied. This population is the fastest growing demographic group in developed countries, providing design opportunities and challenges for HCI. Since the recruitment of oldest old people is challenging, research tends to focus on older adults (65+) and their use of and attitudes towards existing communication technologies, or on their caregivers and social ties. Our study deployed a novel communication appliance among five frail oldest old people living in a long-term care facility, which included field observations and usability and accessibility tests. Our findings suggest factors that facilitate and hinder the adoption of communication technologies, such as social, attitudinal, digital literacy, physical, and usability. We also discuss issues that arise in studying technology adoption by the oldest old, including usability and accessibility testing, and suggest solutions that may be helpful to HCI researchers working with this population.	"My Hand Doesn't Listen to Me!": Adoption and Evaluation of a Communication Technology for the 'Oldest Old'	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jaime Teevan	NA	Session details: The Impact of Crowd Work on Workers	NA	2015
Min Kyung Lee:Daniel Kusbit:Evan Metsky:Laura Dabbish	Software algorithms are changing how people work in an ever-growing number of fields, managing distributed human workers at a large scale. In these work settings, human jobs are assigned, optimized, and evaluated through algorithms and tracked data. We explore the impact of this algorithmic, data-driven management on human workers and work practices in the context of Uber and Lyft, new ridesharing services. Our findings from a qualitative study describe how drivers responded when algorithms assigned work, provided informational support, and evaluated their performance, and how drivers used online forums to socially make sense of the algorithm features. Implications and future work are discussed.	Working with Machines: The Impact of Algorithmic and Data-Driven Management on Human Workers	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Benjamin V. Hanrahan:Jutta K. Willamowski:Saiganesh Swaminathan:David B. Martin	Crowdsourcing is a relatively new model of labor where both the workers and work providers are experiencing its growing pains. A dominant platform that implements this model of labor is Amazon Mechanical Turk (AMT). While AMT has evolved over the years, the changes have focused mainly on work providers and have not addressed the problems workers face (e.g. dealing with market volatility and unpaid time searching for work). In this paper we present emph{TurkBench}, a tool meant to provide workers with personalized market visualization and session management. We discuss the design philosophy of the tool, briefly discuss four Turkers' reaction to a demo, and outline future work.	TurkBench: Rendering the Market for Turkers	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jennifer Marlow:Laura A. Dabbish:Jodi L. Forlizzi	Websites can record individual users' activities and display them in a variety of ways. There is a tradeoff between detail and abstraction in visualization, especially when the amount of content increases and becomes more difficult to process. We conducted an experiment on Mechanical Turk varying the quality, detail, and visual presentation of information about an individual's past work to see how these design features affected perceptions of the worker. We found that providing detail in the display through text increased processing time and led to less positive evaluations. Visually abstract displays required less processing time but decreased confidence in evaluation. This suggests that different design parameters may engender differing psychological processes that influence reactions towards an unknown person.	Exploring the Role of Activity Trace Design on Evaluations of Online Worker Quality	NA:NA:NA	2015
Niloufar Salehi:Lilly C. Irani:Michael S. Bernstein:Ali Alkhatib:Eva Ogbe:Kristy Milland:Clickhappier	By lowering the costs of communication, the web promises to enable distributed collectives to act around shared issues. However, many collective action efforts never succeed: while the web's affordances make it easy to gather, these same decentralizing characteristics impede any focus towards action. In this paper, we study challenges to collective action efforts through the lens of online labor by engaging with Amazon Mechanical Turk workers. Through a year of ethnographic fieldwork, we sought to understand online workers' unique barriers to collective action. We then created Dynamo, a platform to support the Mechanical Turk community in forming publics around issues and then mobilizing. We found that collective action publics tread a precariously narrow path between the twin perils of stalling and friction, balancing with each step between losing momentum and flaring into acrimony. However, specially structured labor to maintain efforts' forward motion can help such publics take action.	We Are Dynamo: Overcoming Stalling and Friction in Collective Action for Crowd Workers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Ujwal Gadiraju:Ricardo Kawase:Stefan Dietze:Gianluca Demartini	Crowdsourcing is increasingly being used as a means to tackle problems requiring human intelligence. With the ever-growing worker base that aims to complete microtasks on crowdsourcing platforms in exchange for financial gains, there is a need for stringent mechanisms to prevent exploitation of deployed tasks. Quality control mechanisms need to accommodate a diverse pool of workers, exhibiting a wide range of behavior. A pivotal step towards fraud-proof task design is understanding the behavioral patterns of microtask workers. In this paper, we analyze the prevalent malicious activity on crowdsourcing platforms and study the behavior exhibited by trustworthy and untrustworthy workers, particularly on crowdsourced surveys. Based on our analysis of the typical malicious activity, we define and identify different types of workers in the crowd, propose a method to measure malicious activity, and finally present guidelines for the efficient design of crowdsourced surveys.	Understanding Malicious Behavior in Crowdsourcing Platforms: The Case of Online Surveys	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Pam Briggs	NA	Session details: Social Media and Mobile Camera Privacy	NA	2015
Jason W. Clark:Peter Snyder:Damon McCoy:Chris Kanich	Billions of people use cloud-based storage for personal files. While many are likely aware of the extent to which they store information in the cloud, it is unclear whether users are fully aware of what they are storing online. We recruited 30 research subjects from Craigslist to investigate how users interact with and understand the privacy issues of cloud storage. We studied this phenomenon through surveys, an interview, and custom software which lets users see and delete their photos stored in the cloud. We found that a majority of users stored private photos in the cloud that they did not intend to upload, and a large portion also chose to permanently delete some of the offending images. We believe our study highlights a mismatch between user expectation and reality. As cloud storage is plentiful and ubiquitous, effective tools for enabling risk self-assessment are necessary to protect users' privacy.	"I Saw Images I Didn't Even Know I Had": Understanding User Perceptions of Cloud Storage Privacy	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Roberto Hoyle:Robert Templeman:Denise Anthony:David Crandall:Apu Kapadia	While media reports about wearable cameras have focused on the privacy concerns of bystanders, the perspectives of the `lifeloggers' themselves have not been adequately studied. We report on additional analysis of our previous in-situ lifelogging study in which 36 participants wore a camera for a week and then reviewed the images to specify privacy and sharing preferences. In this Note, we analyze the photos themselves, seeking to understand what makes a photo private, what participants said about their images, and what we can learn about privacy in this new and very different context where photos are captured automatically by one's wearable camera. We find that these devices record many moments that may not be captured by traditional (deliberate) photography, with camera owners concerned about impression management and protecting private information of both themselves and bystanders.	Sensitive Lifelogs: A Privacy Analysis of Photos from Wearable Cameras	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Rebecca S. Portnoff:Linda N. Lee:Serge Egelman:Pratyush Mishra:Derek Leung:David Wagner	Most laptops and personal computers have webcams with LED indicators to notify users when they are recording. Because hackers use surreptitiously captured webcam recordings to extort users, we explored the effectiveness of these indicators under varying circumstances and how they could be improved. We observed that, on average, fewer than half of our participants (45%) noticed the existing indicator during computer-based tasks. When seated in front of the computer performing a paper-based task, only 5% noticed the indicator. We performed a followup experiment to evaluate a new indicator and observed that adding onscreen glyphs had a significant impact on both computer-based and non-computer-based tasks (93% and 59% noticed the new indicator, respectively). We discuss how our results can be integrated into current systems, as well as future ubiquitous computing systems.	Somebody's Watching Me?: Assessing the Effectiveness of Webcam Indicator Lights	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Norman Makoto Su:Lulu Wang	A home away from home, the pub is synonymous with good conversation. Yet, the art of conversation in pubs is changing with the ubiquity of mobile phones. We present a qualitative study spanning over three years describing experiences and rhetoric surrounding the relationship that mobiles have and should have with our conversation in the pub. We found that mobile phones are able to enhance conversation but can also cause a disruption to the informal and adhoc nature of pubs. The use of Facebook on mobile phones has also changed pubs from what Oldenburg terms a third space to a space that is potentially being surveilled. We suggest future designs should not necessarily discourage or encourage mobile use in pubs, but rather provoke us into reflecting on how intertwined modern conversation is with mobile technology in the context of the pub space.	From Third to Surveilled Place: The Mobile in Irish Pubs	NA:NA	2015
Serge Egelman:Raghudeep Kannavara:Richard Chow	We are approaching an environment where ubiquitous computing devices will constantly accept input via audio and video channels: kiosks that determine demographic information of passersby, gesture controlled home entertainment systems and audio controlled wearable devices are just a few examples. To enforce the principle of least privilege, recent proposals have suggested technical approaches to limit third-party applications to receiving only the data they need, rather than entire audio or video streams. For users to make informed privacy decisions, applications will still need to communicate what data they are accessing and indicators will be needed to communicate this information. We performed several crowdsourcing experiments to examine how potential users might conceptualize and understand privacy indicators on ubiquitous sensing platforms.	Is This Thing On?: Crowdsourcing Privacy Indicators for Ubiquitous Sensing Platforms	NA:NA:NA	2015
David Coyle	NA	Session details: DIY Healthcare: Apps & Wearables	NA	2015
Logan Kendall:Dan Morris:Desney Tan	Blood pressure (BP) is typically captured at irregular intervals, mostly in clinic environments. This approach treats BP as a static snapshot for health classification and largely ignores its value as a continuously fluctuat-ing measure. Recognizing that consumers are increasing-ly capturing health metrics through wearable devices, we explored BP measurement in relation to everyday living through a two-week field study with 34 adults. Based on questionnaires, measurement logs, and interviews, we examined participants' perceptions and attitudes to-wards BP variability and their associations of BP with aspects of their lives. We found that participants modi-fied their use of BP devices in response to BP variabil-ity, made associations with stress, food, and daily rou-tines, and revealed challenges with the design of current BP devices for personal use. We present design recom-mendations for BP use in everyday contexts and de-scribe strategies for re-framing BP capture and reporting.	Blood Pressure Beyond the Clinic: Rethinking a Health Metric for Everyone	NA:NA:NA	2015
Aisling Ann O'Kane:Yvonne Rogers:Ann E. Blandford	Adults with Type 1 Diabetes have choices regarding the technology they use to self-manage their chronic condition. They can use glucose meters, insulin pumps, smartphone apps, and other technologies to support their everyday care. However, little is known about how their social lives might influence what they adopt or how they use technologies. A multi-method study was conducted to examine contextual factors that influence their technology use. While individual differences play a large role in everyday use, social factors were also found to influence use. For example, people can hide their devices in uncertain social situations or show them off to achieve a purpose. We frame these social behaviours using Goffman's theatre metaphor of onstage and offstage behaviour, and discuss how this kind of analysis can inform the design of future mobile medical devices for self-management of chronic conditions.	Concealing or Revealing Mobile Medical Devices?: Designing for Onstage and Offstage Presentation	NA:NA:NA	2015
Jeni Paay:Jesper Kjeldskov:Mikael B. Skov:Lars Lichon:Stephan Rasmussen	Finding ways to help people quit smoking is a high priority in health behavior change research. Recent HCI studies involving technologies using specific quitting techniques such as social support and SMS messaging to help people quit have reported some success. Early studies using computer generated print material report significant success of tailored versus non-tailored material, however, there is limited understanding on what aspects of digitally delivered quitting assistance should be tailored and how. To address this, we have conducted an empirical investigation with smokers to identify perceived importance of different types of help when quitting and the potential role of technology in providing such help. We found that people are highly individual in their approach to quitting and the kind of help they regard as relevant to their situation. Our contribution is a collection of empirically derived themes for tailoring smoking cessation apps to individual quitting needs.	Understanding Individual Differences for Tailored Smoking Cessation Apps	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Madeline Balaam:Rob Comber:Ed Jenkins:Selina Sutton:Andrew Garbett	Breastfeeding is positively encouraged across many countries as a public health endeavour. The World Health Organisation recommends breastfeeding exclusively for the first six months of an infant's life. However, women can struggle to breastfeed, and to persist with breastfeeding, for a number of reasons from technique to social acceptance. This paper reports on four phases of a design and research project, from sensitising user-engagement and user-centred design, to the development and in-the-wild deployment of a mobile phone application called FeedFinder. FeedFinder has been developed with breastfeeding women to support them in finding, reviewing and sharing public breastfeeding places with other breastfeeding women. We discuss how mobile technologies can be designed to support public health endeavours, and suggest that public health technologies are better aimed at communities and societies rather than individual.	FeedFinder: A Location-Mapping Mobile Application for Breastfeeding Women	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Gina Venolia	NA	Session details: Social Embodied Interaction	NA	2015
Jennifer Hyde:Elizabeth J. Carter:Sara Kiesler:Jessica K. Hodgins	Research indicates that the facial expressions of animated characters and agents can influence people's perceptions and interactions with these entities. We designed an experiment to examine how an interactive animated avatar's facial expressiveness influences dyadic conversations between adults and the avatar. We animated the avatar in realtime using the tracked facial motion of a confederate. To adjust facial expressiveness, we damped and exaggerated the avatar's facial motion. We found that ratings of the avatar's extroversion were positively related to its expressiveness. However, impressions of the avatar's realism and naturalness worsened with increased expressiveness. We also found that the confederate was more influential when she appeared as the damped or exaggerated avatar. Adjusting the expressiveness of interactive animated avatars may be a simple way to influence people's social judgments and willingness to collaborate with animated avatars. These results have implications for using avatar facial expressiveness to improve the effectiveness of avatars in various contexts. Adjusting the expressiveness of interactive animated avatars may be a simple way to influence people's social judgments and willingness to collaborate with animated avatars.	Using an Interactive Avatar's Facial Expressiveness to Increase Persuasiveness and Socialness	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Ikkaku Kawaguchi:Hideaki Kuzuoka:Yusuke Suzuki	A long-standing challenge of video-mediated communication systems is to correctly represent remote participant gaze direction in local environments. A telepresence robot with a movable display that shows the face of a remote participant is a promising approach for solving this issue. Researchers generally consider that display orientation is effective for local participants to properly estimate the gaze direction of remote participants. We investigate how subjects estimate gaze direction of a remote participant ("Looker") when his/her face is displayed on a rotatable flat display. Our experiment reveals that both the Looker's head-eye rotation in the display and display rotation affect subject estimation, but the effect of the display rotation is relatively small. Furthermore, we reveal that subjects tend to overestimate Looker gaze direction. Based on our results, we propose a design implication for a telepresence robot to reduce overestimation and properly represent the remote participant gaze direction.	Study on Gaze Direction Perception of Face Image Displayed on Rotatable Flat Display	NA:NA:NA	2015
Ha Trinh:Lazlo Ring:Timothy Bickmore	The quality of most professional oral presentations is often poor, owing to a number of factors, including public speaking anxiety. We present DynamicDuo, a system that uses an automated, life-sized, animated agent to help inexperienced speakers deliver their presentations in front of an audience. The design of the system was informed by an analysis of TED talks given by two human presenters to identify the most common dual-presentation formats and transition behaviors used. In a within-subjects study (N=12) comparing co-presenting with DynamicDuo against solo-presenting with conventional presentation software, we demonstrated that our system led to significant improvements in public speaking anxiety and speaking confidence for non-native English speakers. Judges who viewed videotapes of these presentations rated those with DynamicDuo significantly higher on speech quality and overall presentation quality for all presenters.	DynamicDuo: Co-presenting with Virtual Agents	NA:NA:NA	2015
Volker Wulf	NA	Session details: Innovation in Theories & Products	NA	2015
Parmit K. Chilana:Andrew J. Ko:Jacob Wobbrock	As we increasingly strive for scientific rigor and generalizability in HCI research, should we entertain any hope that by doing good science, our discoveries will eventually be more transferrable to industry? We present an in-depth case study of how an HCI research innovation goes through the process of transitioning from a university project to a revenue-generating startup financed by venture capital. The innovation is a novel contextual help system for the Web, and we reflect on the different methods used to evaluate it and how research insights endure attempted dissemination as a commercial product. Although the extent to which any innovation succeeds commercially depends on a number of factors like market forces, we found that our HCI innovation with user-centered origins was in a unique position to gain traction with customers and garner buy-in from investors. However, since end users were not the buyers of our product, a strong user-centered focus obfuscated other critical needs of the startup and pushed out perspectives of non-user-centered stakeholders. To make the research-to-product transition, we had to focus on adoption-centered design, the process of understanding and designing for adopters and stakeholders of the product. Our case study raises questions about how we evaluate the novelty and research contributions of HCI innovations with respect to their potential for commercial impact.	From User-Centered to Adoption-Centered Design: A Case Study of an HCI Research Innovation Becoming a Product	NA:NA:NA	2015
David P. Randall:E. Ilana Diamant:Charlotte P. Lee	In this paper we report the results of a qualitative research study of the GENI cyberinfrastructure: a program of four federated cyberinfrastructures. Drawing on theories of stakeholder positioning, we examine how different GENI stakeholders attempt to enlist new participants in the cyberinfrastructures of GENI, and leverage existing relationships to create sustainable infrastructure. This study contributes to our understanding of how cyberinfrastructures emerge over time through processes of stakeholder alignment, enrollment, and through synergies among stakeholder groups. We explore these issues to better understand how cyberinfrastructures can be designed to sustain over time.	Creating Sustainable Cyberinfrastructures	NA:NA:NA	2015
Steven J. Jackson:Sarah Barbrow	Standards and protocols play important but under-theorized roles in HCI research and design efforts, including those dedicated to the development of new collaborative infrastructures in the sciences. Building on several years of ethnographic fieldwork, this paper examines standardization efforts attached to new forms of design and computational development in American ecology. We explore the role that standards play in large-scale research networks; how standards are enacted and enforced in complex interactive systems like science; how standards struggle and fail (and what happens when they do); and how actors work across the gaps that standards leave to produce more effective forms of practice and design. We also argue for the potentially creative role of standards, including contexts in which they function as fulcrums for change and innovation. We conclude with reflections on how HCI researchers might rethink the nature and possibilities of standards and standardization in their own work.	Standards and/as Innovation: Protocols, Creativity, and Interactive Systems Development in Ecology	NA:NA	2015
David Kim	NA	Session details: Design and 3D Object Fabrication	NA	2015
Madeline Gannon:Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice	Skin-based input has become an increasingly viable interaction model for user interfaces, however it has yet to be explored outside the domain of mobile computing. In this paper, we examine skin as an interactive input surface for gestural 3D modeling-to-fabrication systems. When used as both the input surface and base canvas for digital design, skin-input can enable non-experts users to intuitively create precise forms around highly complex physical contexts: our own bodies. In this paper, we outline design considerations when creating interfaces for such systems. We then discuss interaction techniques for three different modes of skin-centric modeling: direct, parametric, and generative. We also present Tactum, a new fabrication-aware design system that captures a user's skin-centric gestures for 3D modeling directly on the body. Lastly, we show sample artifacts generated with our system, and share a set of observations from design professionals.	Tactum: A Skin-Centric Approach to Digital Design and Fabrication	NA:NA:NA	2015
Huaishu Peng:Jennifer Mankoff:Scott E. Hudson:James McCann	We present a new type of 3D printer that can form precise, but soft and deformable 3D objects from layers of off-the-shelf fabric. Our printer employs an approach where a sheet of fabric forms each layer of a 3D object. The printer cuts this sheet along the 2D contour of the layer using a laser cutter and then bonds it to previously printed layers using a heat sensitive adhesive. Surrounding fabric in each layer is temporarily retained to provide a removable support structure for layers printed above it. This process is repeated to build up a 3D object layer by layer. Our printer is capable of automatically feeding two separate fabric types into a single print. This allows specially cut layers of conductive fabric to be embedded in our soft prints. Using this capability we demonstrate 3D models with touch sensing capability built into a soft print in one complete printing process, and a simple LED display making use of a conductive fabric coil for wireless power reception.	A Layered Fabric 3D Printer for Soft Interactive Objects	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Dustin Beyer:Serafima Gurevich:Stefanie Mueller:Hsiang-Ting Chen:Patrick Baudisch	This paper presents Platener, a system that allows quickly fabricating intermediate design iterations of 3D models, a process also known as low-fidelity fabrication. Platener achieves its speed-up by extracting straight and curved plates from the 3D model and substituting them with laser cut parts of the same size and thickness. Only the regions that are of relevance to the current design iteration are executed as full-detail 3D prints. Platener connects the parts it has created by automatically inserting joints. To help fast assembly it engraves instructions. Platener allows users to customize substitution results by (1) specifying fidelity-speed tradeoffs, (2) choosing whether or not to convert curved surfaces to plates bent using heat, and (3) specifying the conversion of individual plates and joints interactively. Platener is designed to best preserve the fidelity of func-tional objects, such as casings and mechanical tools, all of which contain a large percentage of straight/rectilinear elements. Compared to other low-fab systems, such as faBrickator and WirePrint, Platener better preserves the stability and functionality of such objects: the resulting assemblies have fewer parts and the parts have the same size and thickness as in the 3D model. To validate our system, we converted 2.250 3D models downloaded from a 3D model site (Thingiverse). Platener achieves a speed-up of 10 or more for 39.5% of all objects.	Platener: Low-Fidelity Fabrication of 3D Objects by Substituting 3D Print with Laser-Cut Plates	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Huaishu Peng:Amit Zoran:François V. Guimbretière	We introduce D-Coil, a new digital 3D modeling approach using wax coiling to bring tangibility to the design of digital models. After defining a shape to extrude, the users follow the lead of a hand-held actuated extruder to instantiate the actual extrusion using wax. The tangibility of the wax extrusion sets the stage to create the next components until the digital model is completed. The digital model affords all digital attributes (ease of transformation, distribution, and 3D printing) while the wax artifact can be discarded or kept as a one-of-a-kind memento. We present a proof-of-concept implementation of D-Coil and showcase how this additive approach can also be extended to a subtractive process using a digitally actuated cutter. By adding a 6DOF mouse, users can also include scaling, rotation, and bending effects to create a wide variety of shapes often difficult for novices to produce in standard CAD software.	D-Coil: A Hands-on Approach to Digital 3D Models Design	NA:NA:NA	2015
Theophanis Tsandilas	NA	Session details: Understanding & Extending Touch Interfaces	NA	2015
Myroslav Bachynskyi:Gregorio Palmas:Antti Oulasvirta:Jürgen Steimle:Tino Weinkauf	Although different types of touch surfaces have gained extensive attention in HCI, this is the first work to directly compare them for two critical factors: performance and ergonomics. Our data come from a pointing task (N=40) carried out on five common touch surface types: public display (large, vertical, standing), tabletop (large, horizontal, seated), laptop (medium, adjustably tilted, seated), tablet (seated, in hand), and smartphone (single- and two-handed input). Ergonomics indices were calculated from biomechanical simulations of motion capture data combined with recordings of external forces. We provide an extensive dataset for researchers and report the first analyses of similarities and differences that are attributable to the different postures and movement ranges.	Performance and Ergonomics of Touch Surfaces: A Comparative Study using Biomechanical Simulation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jonathan Deber:Ricardo Jota:Clifton Forlines:Daniel Wigdor	This paper reports on two experiments designed to further our understanding of users' perception of latency in touch- based systems. The first experiment extends previous efforts to measure latency perception by reporting on a unified study in which direct and indirect form-factors are compared for both tapping and dragging tasks. Our results show significant effects from both form-factor and task, and inform system designers as to what input latencies they should aim to achieve in a variety of system types. A follow-up experiment investigates peoples' ability to perceive small improvements to latency in direct and indirect form-factors for tapping and dragging tasks. Our results provide guidance to system designers of the relative value of making improvements in latency that reduce but do not fully eliminate lag from their systems.	How Much Faster is Fast Enough?: User Perception of Latency & Latency Improvements in Direct and Indirect Touch	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Daniel Avrahami	Edge targets, such as buttons or menus along the edge of a screen, are known to afford fast acquisition performance in desktop mousing environments. As the popularity of touch-based devices continues to grow, understanding the affordances of edge targets on touchscreen is needed. This paper describes results from two controlled experiments that examine in detail the effect of edge targets on performance in touch devices. The results show that on touch devices, a target's proximity to the edge may have a significant negative effect on reaction time. We examine the effect in detail and explore mitigating factors. We discuss potential explanations for the effect and propose implications for the design of efficient interfaces for touch devices.	The Effect of Edge Targets on Touch Performance	NA	2015
Ying-Chao Tung:Ta Yang Cheng:Neng-Hao Yu:Chiuan Wang:Mike Y. Chen	We present FlickBoard, which combines a touchpad and a keyboard into the same interaction area to reduce hand movement between a separate keyboard and touchpad. Our main contribution is automatic mode switching between typing and pointing, and the first system capable of combining a trackpad and a keyboard into an single interaction area without the need for external switches. We developed a prototype by embedding a 58x20 capacitive sensing grid into a soft keyboard cover, and used machine learning to distinguish between moving a cursor (touchpad mode) and entering text (keyboard mode). We conducted experimental studies that show automatic mode switching classification accuracies of 98% are achievable with our technology. Finally, our prototype has a thin profile and can be placed over existing keyboards.	FlickBoard: Enabling Trackpad Interaction with Automatic Mode Switching on a Capacitive-sensing Keyboard	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Kunihiro Kato:Homei Miyashita	In this study, we propose a striped pattern sticker called ExtensionSticker that allows a touch input to be transferred from an external source by simply attaching the sticker to a touch panel. This allows the user to input touches or continuous scrolling actions by touching a sticker printed with stripes of conductive ink, without directly touching the touch panel. This method could be applied to the sides or back of a touch panel, or even the surface upon which a device is located as a touch interface, allowing us to freely construct interfaces in shapes matching the demands of the user. This paper also reports the results of evaluation experiments conducted to assess the recognition accuracy of scroll and tap actions using the proposed method.	ExtensionSticker: A Proposal for a Striped Pattern Sticker to Extend Touch Interfaces and its Assessment	NA:NA	2015
Steven Drucker	NA	Session details: Sharing & Collaboration @ Work	NA	2015
Michael Nebeling:Matthias Geel:Oleksiy Syrotkin:Moira C. Norrie	Personal cloud services such as Dropbox are used increasingly to support collaborative work, even though they typically have poor support for tracking files and users' activities and collaborators often rely on other communication channels to be notified of changes. We present a meta-cloud storage service, MUBox, that, independent of a particular cloud storage service, provides improved support for collaboration. First, users can switch to activity views that list user activities rather than files, which is an example of an increasingly available feature in popular cloud storage clients. Second, MUBox introduces multi-user aware folder views that embed information on the last changes performed by collaborators. These folder views are enhanced based on a new concept of shadow files which act as placeholders for files that have been moved or renamed. A user study (N=16) with realistic folder exploration tasks shows that activity views have a significant effect on the accuracy and confidence of users in workspace awareness tasks, while shadow files significantly improve the speed, accuracy and confidence of users in traceability tasks. We describe how existing services could implement these features as well as a new concept for voting on changes to shared folders that could improve asynchronous collaboration.	MUBox: Multi-User Aware Personal Cloud Storage	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Dakuo Wang:Judith S. Olson:Jingwen Zhang:Trung Nguyen:Gary M. Olson	Collaborative writing is on the increase. In order to write well together, authors often need to be aware of who has done what recently. We offer a new tool, DocuViz, that displays the entire revision history of Google Docs, showing more than the one-step-at-a-time view now shown in revision history and tracking changes in Word. We introduce the tool and present cases in which the tool has the potential to be useful: To authors themselves to see recent "seismic activity," indicating where in particular a co-author might want to pay attention, to instructors to see who has contributed what and which changes were made to comments from them, and to researchers interested in the new patterns of collaboration made possible by simultaneous editing capabilities.	DocuViz: Visualizing Collaborative Writing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Johan Kaj Blomkvist:Johan Persson:Johan Åberg	Personal communication between User-Centered Design (UCD) specialists and developers is important for communicating user needs and design solutions in agile development. In distributed projects where opportunities for personal communication are limited, the design documentation is an important surrogate. This study has investigated the perceived effectiveness of boundary objects in a distributed agile team, and their role in communicating target user needs. Six in-depth interviews with UCD specialists showed that the boundary objects rarely communicate underlying needs of the users but rather focus on interaction with the system that is being developed. The used boundary objects also do not work as stand-alone deliverables; they need to be explained and elaborated. Making the boundary objects comprehensive enough to be stand-alone is seen as too time consuming and not worth the effort. For agile projects with distributed teams, this creates hand-over and follow-up problems.	Communication through Boundary Objects in Distributed Agile Teams	NA:NA:NA	2015
Gary W. Pritchard:Pam Briggs:John Vines:Patrick Olivier	This paper examines how London bus drivers have responded to performance monitoring via a telematics device called Drivewell. This device calculates a score based on various recordable driving-related events like abrupt braking or irregular turning actions. Our qualitative methodology incorporated semi-structured interviews and ethnographic fieldwork, in order to explore drivers' attitudes towards the system and its effect on driving behaviour and working conditions. Our findings illustrate how bus operators simultaneously accommodate and resist the demands Drivewell places upon them. Our work also demonstrates how this digital intervention acts in conjunction with other driver-related technologies, creating a unique digital ecosystem on the modern London bus. Our research contributes to HCI understandings of digital surveillance and performance monitoring in the modern workplace.	How to Drive a London Bus: Measuring Performance in a Mobile and Remote Workplace	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jennifer Marlow	NA	Session details: Families and Their Use of Technology	NA	2015
Tawfiq Ammari:Priya Kumar:Cliff Lampe:Sarita Schoenebeck	While extensive research has investigated the risks of children sharing their personal information online, little work has investigated the implications of parents sharing personal information about their children online. Drawing on 102 interviews with parents in the U.S., we investigate how parents decide what to disclose about their children on social network sites (SNSs). We find that mothers take on the responsibility of sharing content about their children more than fathers do. Fathers are more restrictive about sharing to broad and professional audiences and are concerned about sharing content that could be perceived as sexually suggestive. Both mothers and fathers work to leverage affordances of SNSs to limit oversharing. Building on prior work, we explore parental disclosure management, which describes how parents decide what to share about their children online. We also describe an emerging third shift of work that highlights the additional work parents take on to manage children's identities online. We conclude with theoretical and practical implications for designing SNSs to better support family life online.	Managing Children's Online Identities: How Parents Decide what to Disclose about their Children Online	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Tawfiq Ammari:Sarita Schoenebeck	Fathers are taking on more childcare and household responsibilities than they used to and many non-profit and government organizations have pushed for changes in policies to support fathers. Despite this effort, little research has explored how fathers go online related to their roles as fathers. Drawing on an interview study with 37 fathers, we find that they use social media to document and archive fatherhood, learn how to be a father, and access social support. They also go online to support diverse family needs, such as single fathers' use of Reddit instead of Facebook, fathers raised by single mothers' search for role models online, and stay-at-home fathers' use of father blogs. However, fathers are constrained by privacy concerns and perceptions of judgment relating to sharing content online about their children. Drawing on theories of fatherhood, we present theoretical and design ideas for designing online spaces to better support fathers and fatherhood. We conclude with a call for a research agenda to support fathers online.	Understanding and Supporting Fathers and Fatherhood on Social Media Sites	NA:NA	2015
Juan Pablo Hourcade:Sarah L. Mascher:David Wu:Luiza Pantoja	We know very little about the use of computers by children under the age of three. While few children in that age range used computers before the advent of smartphones and tablets, these devices have made computers much more accessible to infants and toddlers. In this paper, we provide a window into how these children are using tablets through an analysis of relevant YouTube videos. A majority of children aged 12 to 17 months in the videos in our dataset showed at least moderate ability to use the tablets. For children aged two, it was over 90 percent who displayed at least moderate ability. Our analysis also includes trends in interaction styles, child and device positioning, social aspects, and app genres. These findings point both to opportunities for research and starting points for design.	Look, My Baby Is Using an iPad! An Analysis of YouTube Videos of Infants and Toddlers Using Tablets	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Uichin Lee	NA	Session details: Understanding Crowdwork in Many Domains	NA	2015
Walter S. Lasecki:Juho Kim:Nick Rafter:Onkur Sen:Jeffrey P. Bigham:Michael S. Bernstein	Prototyping allows designers to quickly iterate and gather feedback, but the time it takes to create even a Wizard-of-Oz prototype reduces the utility of the process. In this paper, we introduce crowdsourcing techniques and tools for prototyping interactive systems in the time it takes to describe the idea. Our Apparition system uses paid microtask crowds to make even hard-to-automate functions work immediately, allowing more fluid prototyping of interfaces that contain interactive elements and complex behaviors. As users sketch their interface and describe it aloud in natural language, crowd workers and sketch recognition algorithms translate the input into user interface elements, add animations, and provide Wizard-of-Oz functionality. We discuss how design teams can use our approach to reflect on prototypes or begin user studies within seconds, and how, over time, Apparition prototypes can become fully-implemented versions of the systems they simulate. Powering Apparition is the first self-coordinated, real-time crowdsourcing infrastructure. We anchor this infrastructure on a new, lightweight write-locking mechanism that workers can use to signal their intentions to each other.	Apparition: Crowdsourced User Interfaces that Come to Life as You Sketch Them	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Gierad Laput:Walter S. Lasecki:Jason Wiese:Robert Xiao:Jeffrey P. Bigham:Chris Harrison	The promise of "smart" homes, workplaces, schools, and other environments has long been championed. Unattractive, however, has been the cost to run wires and install sensors. More critically, raw sensor data tends not to align with the types of questions humans wish to ask, e.g., do I need to restock my pantry? Although techniques like computer vision can answer some of these questions, it requires significant effort to build and train appropriate classifiers. Even then, these systems are often brittle, with limited ability to handle new or unexpected situations, including being repositioned and environmental changes (e.g., lighting, furniture, seasons). We propose Zensors, a new sensing approach that fuses real-time human intelligence from online crowd workers with automatic approaches to provide robust, adaptive, and readily deployable intelligent sensors. With Zensors, users can go from question to live sensor feed in less than 60 seconds. Through our API, Zensors can enable a variety of rich end-user applications and moves us closer to the vision of responsive, intelligent environments.	Zensors: Adaptive, Rapidly Deployable, Human-Intelligent Sensor Feeds	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Walter S. Lasecki:Mitchell Gordon:Winnie Leung:Ellen Lim:Jeffrey P. Bigham:Steven P. Dow	Coding behavioral video is an important method used by researchers to understand social phenomenon. Unfortunately, traditional hand-coding approaches can take days or weeks of time to complete. Recent work has shown that these tasks can be completed quickly by leveraging the parallelism of large online crowds, but using the crowd introduces new concerns about accuracy, reliability, privacy, and cost. To explore these issues, we conducted interviews with 12 researchers who frequently code behavioral video, to investigate common practices and challenges with video coding. We find accuracy and privacy to be the researchers' primary concerns. To explore this more concretely, we used sample videos to investigate whether crowds can accurately recognize instances of commonly coded behaviors, and show that the crowd yields accurate results. Then, we demonstrate a method for obfuscating participant identity with a video blur filter, and find, as expected, that workers' ability to identify participants decreases as blur level increases. The workers' ability to accurately and reliably code behaviors also decreases, but not as steeply as the identity test. This trade-off between coding quality and privacy protection suggests that researchers can use online crowds to code for some key behaviors in video without compromising participant identity. We conclude with a discussion of how researchers can balance privacy and accuracy on their own data using a system we introduce called Incognito.	Exploring Privacy and Accuracy Trade-Offs in Crowdsourced Behavioral Video Coding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jahna Otterbacher	Games with a Purpose (GWAP) is a popular approach for metadata creation, enabling institutions to collect descriptions of digital artifacts on a mass scale. Creating metadata is challenging not only because one must recognize the artifact; the description must then be encoded into natural language. Language behaviors are influenced by many social factors, particularly when we are asked to describe other people. We consider labels for images of people generated via the ESP Game. While ESP has been shown to produce relevant labels, critics claim they are obvious and stereotypical. Based on theories of linguistic biases, we examine whether there are systematic differences in the ways players describe images of men versus women. Our first analysis considers images of people generally, and reveals a tendency for women to be described with subjective adjectives. A second analysis compares images depicting men and women within each of six occupational roles. Images of women receive more labels related to appearance, whereas those depicting men receive more occupation-related labels. Our work exposes the presence of gender-based stereotypes through linguistic biases, illustrates the forms in which they manifest, and raises important implications for those who design systems or train algorithms using data produced via GWAP.	Crowdsourcing Stereotypes: Linguistic Bias in Metadata Generated via GWAP	NA	2015
Germaine Irwin	NA	Session details: Eco-Green: Encouraging Energy Conservation	NA	2015
Will Simm:Maria Angela Ferrario:Adrian Friday:Peter Newman:Stephen Forshaw:Mike Hazas:Alan Dix	In many parts of the world, the electricity supply industry makes the task of dealing with unpredictable spikes and dips in production and demand invisible to consumers, maintaining a seemingly unlimited supply. A future increase in reliance on time-variable renewable sources of electricity may lead to greater fluctuations in supply. We engaged remote islanders as equal partners in a research project that investigated through technology-mediated enquiry the topic of synchronising energy consumption with supply, and together built a prototype renewable energy forecast display. A number of participants described a change in their practices, saving high energy tasks for times when local renewable energy was expected to be available, despite having no financial incentive to do so. The main contributions of this paper are in: 1) the results of co-development sessions exploring systems supporting synchronising consumption with supply and 2) the findings arising from the deployment of the prototype.	Tiree Energy Pulse: Exploring Renewable Energy Forecasts on the Edge of the Grid	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Valerie Sugarman:Edward Lank	When it comes to environmental sustainability, the time that electricity is consumed matters. For example, using an air conditioner on a hot summer afternoon as the power grid is strained necessitates the use of more polluting sources to meet demand. In this paper, we analyze end-user response to two utility-driven conservation programs in Ontario, Canada: Time-of-Use pricing and the peaksaver program. We find that time-of-use pricing encourages shifting some electricity demand, but only when it is convenient. We also find that while potentially effective at a larger scale, the peaksaver program in its current form is unattractive to participants. These results are discussed in the context of Fogg's Behavior Model for Persuasive Design, which allows us to explore the design space for improvement to these programs and ground our design implications for the design of technologies to encourage reduction of peak electricity demand.	Designing Persuasive Technology to Manage Peak Electricity Demand in Ontario Homes	NA:NA	2015
Jesper Kjeldskov:Mikael B. Skov:Jeni Paay:Dennis Lund:Tue Madsen:Michael Nielsen	Over the past decade we have seen an increased awareness about domestic energy consumption and a growing focus on eco-feedback displays. In this paper we explore the concept of providing forecasts in such displays as a supplement to information about past usage. Our prototype, eForecast, extends the display of past electricity usage with forecasts about expected usage, electricity price, availability of wind power, and expected demand drops and peaks. Building on previous eco-feedback display research, our approach specifically enables people to use electricity at more opportune times -- when it is cheap, green, or when there is an abundance of capacity. We evaluated eForecast in real world use in three domestic households for 22 weeks, where we explored potentials and limitations of forecasting for shifting electricity consumption. In this way, families were able to act in a more sustainable way -- without necessarily reducing the amount of electricity consumed.	Eco-Forecasting for Domestic Electricity Use	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Ray Yun:Azizan Aziz:Peter Scupelli:Bertrand Lasternas:Chenlu Zhang:Vivian Loftness	Whereas eco-feedback has been widely studied in HCI and environmental psychology, online manual control and automated control have been rarely studied with a focus on their long-term quantitative impact and usability. To address this, an intervention was tested with eighty office workers for twenty-seven weeks. Through the long-term field test, it was found that the addition of online controls in the feedback intervention led to more energy savings than feedback only and worked better for light and phone usage than computer and monitor usage. The addition of automated control led to the greatest savings but was less effective for efficient users than inefficient ones.	Beyond Eco-Feedback: Adding Online Manual and Automated Controls to Promote Workplace Sustainability	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Matthew Louis Mauriello:Leyla Norooz:Jon E. Froehlich	The building sector accounts for 41% of primary energy consumption in the US, contributing an increasing portion of the country's carbon dioxide emissions. With recent sensor improvements and falling costs, auditors are increasingly using thermography-infrared (IR) cameras-to detect thermal defects and analyze building efficiency. Research in automated thermography has grown commensurately, aimed at reducing manual labor and improving thermal models. Though promising, we could find no prior work exploring the professional auditor's perspectives of thermography or reactions to emerging automation. To address this gap, we present results from two studies: a semi-structured interview with 10 professional energy auditors, which includes design probes of five automated thermography scenarios, and an observational case study of a residential audit. We report on common perspectives, concerns, and benefits related to thermography and summarize reactions to our automated scenarios. Our findings have implications for thermography tool designers as well as researchers working on automated solutions in robotics, computer science, and engineering.	Understanding the Role of Thermography in Energy Auditing: Current Practices and the Potential for Automated Solutions	NA:NA:NA	2015
Hao-Hua Chu	NA	Session details: Sports Tracking & Training	NA	2015
Mads Møller Jensen:Majken K. Rasmussen:Florian "Floyd" Mueller:Kaj Grønbæk	Using game elements and mechanics in sports training holds great potential for increasing player enjoyment, but also introduces a risk of reducing training relevance. This paper describes a novel training installation for individual handball training, called "The Bouncer", and the design process behind three training games. In order to investigate how game elements can affect the training experience, we conducted a study with 10 experienced amateur handball players, eliciting responses regarding the training relevance of the games. Based on the study and our design insights, we propose three challenges that designers of interactive sports-training games need to consider: 1) Maintaining relevance when translating physical elements into digital representations. 2) Choosing an appropriate level of sensing as game input. 3) Introducing points in training exercises without reducing sport relevance. For the three challenges, we propose strategies to help future designers of training games.	Keepin' it Real: Challenges when Designing Sports-Training Games	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Kristina Knaving:Paweł Woźniak:Morten Fjeld:Staffan Björk	Motivation studies on running are often focused on how to convince non-runners to run, mainly through designing for extrinsic motivations such as health concerns or external reward systems. In contrast, we conducted a structured inquiry into understanding how to design technology for those whom are already committed to running and participate in organized races. Through interviews, focus groups, ethnographic observation, questionnaires, and design-based research over the course of two years, we investigated the needs of the advanced amateur runner community. An analysis of the gathered data led to five design themes -- Festival, Competition, Practicalities, Togetherness, and Support -- to inform future runner motivation technology. While flow theory appears to be a convenient tool to understand support during a race, we observed a number of other factors that need to be considered. Through combining the themes with previous research, we conclude by presenting nine guidelines for designing technology for this domain.	Flow is Not Enough: Understanding the Needs of Advanced Amateur Runners to Design Motivation Technology	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Florian 'Floyd' Mueller:Matthew Muirhead	Jogging is a popular exertion activity. The abundance of jogging apps suggests to us that joggers can appreciate the opportunity for technology to support the jogging experience. We want to take this investigation a step further by exploring if, and how, robotic systems can support the jogging experience. We designed and built a flying robotic system, a quadcopter, as a jogging companion and studied its use with 13 individual joggers. By analyzing their experiences, we derived three design dimensions that describe a design space for flying robotic jogging companions: Perceived Control, Focus and Bodily Interaction. Additionally, we articulate a series of design tactics, described by these dimensions, to guide the design of future systems. With this work we hope to inspire and guide designers interested in creating robotic systems to support exertion experiences.	Jogging with a Quadcopter	NA:NA	2015
Felix Kosmalla:Florian Daiber:Antonio Krüger	Today, sports and activity trackers are ubiquitous. Especially runners and cyclists have a variety of possibilities to record and analyze their workouts. In contrast, climbing did not find much attention in consumer electronics and human-computer interaction. If quantified data similar to cycling or running data were available for climbing, several applications would be possible, ranging from simple training diaries to virtual coaches or usage analytics for gym operators. This paper introduces a system that automatically recognizes climbed routes using wrist-worn inertia measurement units (IMUs). This is achieved by extracting features of a recorded ascent and use them as training data for the recognition system. To verify the recognition system, cross-validation methods were applied to a set of ascent recordings that were assessed during a user study with eight climbers in a local climbing gym. The evaluation resulted in a high recognition rate, thus proving that our approach is possible and operational.	ClimbSense: Automatic Climbing Route Recognition using Wrist-worn Inertia Measurement Units	NA:NA:NA	2015
Rongrong Wang	NA	Session details: Feeling & Communicating Emotions	NA	2015
Akshita:Harini Alagarai Sampath:Bipin Indurkhya:Eunhwa Lee:Yudong Bae	We explored how emotional cues presented in visual and haptic modalities interact. We constructed an affective haptic dataset, and used the emotional visual stimuli from the International Affective Picture System (IAPS). Participants were asked to rate the visual stimuli, haptic stimuli and visualhaptic stimuli. Analysis of the results indicates that the presence of haptic stimulus affects the arousal of the visual stimulus, but does not affect the valence significantly. We further explored this interaction in terms of the intensity, frequency, waveform and rhythm of the haptic stimuli. We then provide a set of guidelines on visual-haptic interaction that could be used in design of multimodal affective feedback.	Towards Multimodal Affective Feedback: Interaction between Visual and Haptic Modalities	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Marianna Obrist:Sriram Subramanian:Elia Gatti:Benjamin Long:Thomas Carter	Touch is a powerful vehicle for communication between humans. The way we touch (how) embraces and mediates certain emotions such as anger, joy, fear, or love. While this phenomenon is well explored for human interaction, HCI research is only starting to uncover the fine granularity of sensory stimulation and responses in relation to certain emotions. Within this paper we present the findings from a study exploring the communication of emotions through a haptic system that uses tactile stimulation in mid-air. Here, haptic descriptions for specific emotions (e.g., happy, sad, excited, afraid) were created by one group of users to then be reviewed and validated by two other groups of users. We demonstrate the non-arbitrary mapping between emotions and haptic descriptions across three groups. This points to the huge potential for mediating emotions through mid-air haptics. We discuss specific design implications based on the spatial, directional, and haptic parameters of the created haptic descriptions and illustrate their design potential for HCI based on two design ideas.	Emotions Mediated Through Mid-Air Haptics	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Graham Wilson:Gavin Davidson:Stephen A. Brewster	Research has shown that thermal feedback can be an engaging and convincing means of conveying experimenter-predefined meanings, e.g., material properties or message types. However, thermal perception is subjective and its meaning in interaction can be ambiguous. Interface designers may not be sure how users could naïvely interpret thermal feedback during interaction. Little is also known about how users would choose thermal cues to convey their own meanings. The research in this paper tested subjective interpretations of thermal stimuli in three different scenarios: social media activity, a colleague's presence and the extent of use of digital content. Participants were also asked to assign their own thermal stimuli to personal experiences, to help us understand what kinds of stimuli people associate with different meanings. The results showed strong agreement among participants concerning what warmth (presence, activity, quality) and cool mean (absence, poor quality). Guidelines for the design of thermal feedback are presented to help others create effective thermal interfaces.	In the Heat of the Moment: Subjective Interpretations of Thermal Feedback During Interaction	NA:NA:NA	2015
Deltcho Valtchanov:Mark Hancock	Interacting with nature is beneficial to a person's mental-state, but it can sometimes be difficult to find environments that will induce positive affect (e.g., when planning a run). In this paper, we describe EnviroPulse-a system for auto-matically determining and communicating the expected affective valence (EAV) of environments to individuals. We describe a prototype that allows this to be used in real-time on a smartphone, but EnviroPulse could easily be incorporated into GPS systems, mapping services, or image-based systems. Our work differs from existing work in af-fective computing in that, rather than detecting a user's affect directly, we automatically determine the EAV of the environment through visual analysis. We present results that suggest our system can determine the EAV of envi-ronments. We also introduce real-time affective visual feedback of the calculated EAV of the images, and present results from an informal study suggesting that real-time visual feedback can be used for induction of affect.	EnviroPulse: Providing Feedback about the Expected Affective Valence of the Environment	NA:NA	2015
Giulio Jacucci	NA	Session details: Critical Design	NA	2015
James Pierce:Phoebe Sengers:Tad Hirsch:Tom Jenkins:William Gaver:Carl DiSalvo	The term 'critical design' is on the upswing in HCI. We analyze how discourses around 'critical design' are diverging in Design and HCI. We argue that this divergence undermines HCI's ability to learn from and appropriate the design approaches signaled by this term. Instead, we articulate two ways to broaden and deepen connections between Design and HCI: (1) develop a broader collective understanding of what these design approaches can be, without forcing them to be about 'criticality' or 'critical design,' narrowly construed; and (2) shape a variation of design criticism to better meet Design practices, terms, and ways of knowing.	Expanding and Refining Design and Criticality in HCI	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jeffrey Bardzell:Shaowen Bardzell:Lone Koefoed Hansen	The paper offers theoretical support for research through design (RtD) by arguing that in order to legitimize and make use of research through design as research, HCI researchers need to explore and clarify how RtD objects might contribute to knowledge. Leveraging the tradition of aesthetics in the arts and humanities, we argue that while the intentions of the object's designer are important and while annotations are a good mechanism to articulate them, the critical reception of objects is equally foundational to RtD's broader knowledge impacts within HCI. Such a scholarly critical reception is needed precisely because of the potential inexhaustibility of design objects' meanings; their inability to be paraphrased simply and adequately. Offering a multilevel analysis of the (critical) design fiction Menstruation Machine by Sputniko!, the paper explores how design objects co-produce knowledge, by working through complex design problem spaces in non-reductive ways, proposing new connections and distinctions, and embodying design ideas and processes across time and minds.	Immodest Proposals: Research Through Design and Knowledge	NA:NA:NA	2015
James Pierce:Eric Paulos	This paper describes and explains details of the design, production and packaging of a counterfunctional device: The Obscura 1C Digital Camera. We further describe a small-scale distribution of Obscura 1C packages into everyday contexts. The paper then reflects on the various types of conceptual, imaginary and firsthand uses made of the Obscura 1C. These include its uses for everyday audiences as a unique camera and as a conceptually usable device. But we also prioritize uses particular to the HCI and design audience. These include using the Obscura 1C to articulate the concepts of inhibitive interfaces, counterfunctionality, and enabling limitations. The Obscura 1C is further used to articulate how abstract ideas can be translated into material forms, to rethink the role of packaging in user studies, and to draw attention to how discursive design objects are packaged and presented.	Making Multiple Uses of the Obscura 1C Digital Camera: Reflecting on the Design, Production, Packaging and Distribution of a Counterfunctional Device	NA:NA	2015
Jae-eul Bae:Youn-kyung Lim:Jin-bae Bang:Myung-suk Kim	The evolution of SNS applications has focused on the increasing pace of communication. Accordingly, adopting pause moment design for the SNS domain becomes significant, considering its worth for mental well-being and diversity of experience. Nonetheless, the vision is currently controversial, as it is lacking in attempts to examine the worth of pause moment design for SNS communication. Therefore, we discussed the benefits of pause moment design as an SNS application, based on the case of Ripening Room. From observation, we have identified three benefits of pause moment design; preserving room for solitude, expanding time experience, and providing additional indirect cues for communication. Nevertheless, the benefits also imply limitations of the current design, thus require following attempts to adopt a pause moment design for the SNS domain.	Pause Moment Experience in SNS Communication	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Shahram Izadi	NA	Session details: HMDs in Augmented & Virtual Reality	NA	2015
Xianjun Sam Zheng:Cedric Foucault:Patrik Matos da Silva:Siddharth Dasari:Tao Yang:Stuart Goose	Exciting developments in eye-wearable technology and its potential industrial applications warrant a thorough understanding of its advantages and drawbacks through empirical evidence. We conducted an experiment to investigate what characteristics of eye-wearable technology impact user performance in machine maintenance, which included a representative set of car maintenance tasks involving Locate, Manipulate, and Compare actions. Participants were asked to follow instructions displayed on one of four technologies: a peripheral eye-wearable display, a central eye-wearable display, a tablet, or a paper manual. We found a significant effect of display position: the peripheral eye-wearable display resulted in longer completion time than the central display; but no effect for hands-free operation. The technology effects were also modulated by different Tasks and Action types. We discuss the human factors implications for designing more effective eye-wearable technology, including display position, issues of monocular display, and how the physical proximity of the technology affects users' reliance level.	Eye-Wearable Technology for Machine Maintenance: Effects of Display Position and Hands-free Operation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
David Dobbelstein:Philipp Hock:Enrico Rukzio	Belt is a novel unobtrusive input device for wearable displays that incorporates a touch surface encircling the user's hip. The wide input space is leveraged for a horizontal spatial mapping of quickly accessible information and applications. We discuss social implications and interaction capabilities for unobtrusive touch input and present our hardware implementation and a set of applications that benefit from the quick access time. In a qualitative user study with 14 participants we found out that for short interactions (2-4 seconds), most of the surface area is considered as appropriate input space, while for longer interactions (up to 10 seconds), the front areas above the trouser pockets are preferred.	Belt: An Unobtrusive Touch Input Device for Head-worn Displays	NA:NA:NA	2015
Felix Lauber:Sophia Cook:Andreas Butz	With recent progress in display technology, visual see-through head-mounted displays are beginning to enter our everyday lives. Especially in cars they may replace head-up displays, as they can theoretically perfectly imitate them but are more flexible to use. However, prior work has shown that both screen- and vehicle-stabilized content suffer from drawbacks such as occlusion or technological limitations. As a potential alternative, we propose three concept alternatives, in which head rotation is used to manipulate the displayed content differently from both of the known stabilization techniques. In a qualitative user study, we identify the best concept proposal and then evaluate it against the established content stabilization techniques. The presented concept is perceived to be more applicable for the proposed use case and effectively reduces some of the known problems of both stabilization techniques.	Content Destabilization for Head-Mounted Displays	NA:NA:NA	2015
Mark McGill:Daniel Boland:Roderick Murray-Smith:Stephen Brewster	We identify usability challenges facing consumers adopting Virtual Reality (VR) head-mounted displays (HMDs) in a survey of 108 VR HMD users. Users reported significant issues in interacting with, and being aware of their real-world context when using a HMD. Building upon existing work on blending real and virtual environments, we performed three design studies to address these usability concerns. In a typing study, we show that augmenting VR with a view of reality significantly corrected the performance impairment of typing in VR. We then investigated how much reality should be incorporated and when, so as to preserve users' sense of presence in VR. For interaction with objects and peripherals, we found that selectively presenting reality as users engaged with it was optimal in terms of performance and users' sense of presence. Finally, we investigated how this selective, engagement-dependent approach could be applied in social environments, to support the user's awareness of the proximity and presence of others.	A Dose of Reality: Overcoming Usability Challenges in VR Head-Mounted Displays	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Ilias Apostolopoulos:Daniel S. Coming:Eelke Folmer	The accuracy of pedometry varies depending on where an inertial sensor is located on the body. Motivated by the increasing popularity of wearable computing, this paper investigates the accuracy with which pedometry can be achieved on a head-mounted device: something previous research has not investigated. A study with 16 subjects compares the accuracy of pedometry for walking and running with an inertial sensor located at the head, pocket and hand/arm. Our study did not detect a significant difference in step counting accuracy between sensor locations, which demonstrates the feasibility of pedometry-based apps for head-mounted displays.	Accuracy of Pedometry on a Head-mounted Display	NA:NA:NA	2015
Dominik Schmidt:Rob Kovacs:Vikram Mehta:Udayan Umapathi:Sven Köhler:Lung-Pan Cheng:Patrick Baudisch	We present "Level-Ups", computer-controlled stilts that allow virtual reality users to experience walking up and down steps. Each Level-Up unit is a self-contained device worn like a boot. Its main functional element is a vertical actuation mechanism mounted to the bottom of the boot that extends vertically. Unlike traditional solutions that are integrated with locomotion devices, Level-Ups allow users to walk around freely ("real-walking"). We present Level-Ups in a demo environment based on a head-mounted display, optical motion capture, and integrated with two different game engines. In a user study, participants rated the realism of stepping onto objects 6.0 out of 7.0 when wearing Level-Ups compared to 3.5 without.	Level-Ups: Motorized Stilts that Simulate Stair Steps in Virtual Reality	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Shengdong Zhao	NA	Session details: Tangible Interaction with Phones	NA	2015
Gierad Laput:Eric Brockmeyer:Scott E. Hudson:Chris Harrison	We introduce Acoustruments: low-cost, passive, and power-less mechanisms, made from plastic, that can bring rich, tangible functionality to handheld devices. Through a structured exploration, we identified an expansive vocabulary of design primitives, providing building blocks for the construction of tangible interfaces utilizing smartphones' existing audio functionality. By combining design primitives, familiar physical mechanisms can all be constructed from passive elements. On top of these, we can create end-user applications with rich, tangible interactive functionalities. Our experiments show that Acoustruments can achieve 99% accuracy with minimal training, is robust to noise, and can be rapidly prototyped. Acoustruments adds a new method to the toolbox HCI practitioners and researchers can draw upon, while introducing a cheap and passive method for adding interactive controls to consumer products.	Acoustruments: Passive, Acoustically-Driven, Interactive Controls for Handheld Devices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Christian Corsten:Christian Cherek:Thorsten Karrer:Jan Borchers	Using a smartphone for touch input to control apps and games mirrored to a distant screen is difficult, as the user cannot see where she is touching while looking at the distant display. We present HaptiCase, an interaction technique that provides back-of-device tactile landmarks that the user senses with her fingers to estimate the location of her finger in relation to the touchscreen. By pinching the thumb resting above the touch- screen to a finger at the back, the finger position is transferred to the front as the thumb touches the screen. In a study, we compared touch performance of different landmark layouts with a regular landmark-free mobile device. Using a land- mark design of dots on a 3x5 grid significantly improves eyes-free tapping accuracy and allows targets to be as small as 17.5 mm---a 14% reduction in target size---to cover 99% of all touches. When users can look at the touchscreen, land- marks have no significant effect on performance. HaptiCase is low-cost, requires no electronics, and works with unmodified software.	HaptiCase: Back-of-Device Tactile Landmarks for Eyes-Free Absolute Indirect Touch	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Young-Woo Park:Joohee Park:Tek-Jin Nam	We present Bendi, a shape-changing device for a tactile-visual phone conversation. Bendi enables users to deliver shape-changing movements (e.g., upward or downward bending, left or right tilting, and shrinking) from the user's joystick input to the other party's device in real time during phone conversations. We conducted a user study to observe how seven couples used it over three days in a coffeehouse. Our field trial of Bendi in a coffeehouse showed the private and natural uses, and integrated uses of tactile and visual expressions along with the uses of the vocabularies developed through Bendi. In addition, there were active uses even in negative and serious conversational context with its pleasant tactile feelings and movement representations. Lastly, we discuss issues for the future designs and real-world deployment of shape-changing mobile devices for daily use.	The Trial of Bendi in a Coffeehouse: Use of a Shape-Changing Device for a Tactile-Visual Phone Conversation	NA:NA:NA	2015
Munehiko Sato:Shigeo Yoshida:Alex Olwal:Boxin Shi:Atsushi Hiyama:Tomohiro Tanikawa:Michitaka Hirose:Ramesh Raskar	Surface and object recognition is of significant importance in ubiquitous and wearable computing. While various techniques exist to infer context from material properties and appearance, they are typically neither designed for real-time applications nor for optically complex surfaces that may be specular, textureless, and even transparent. These materials are, however, becoming increasingly relevant in HCI for transparent displays, interactive surfaces, and ubiquitous computing. We present SpecTrans, a new sensing technology for surface classification of exotic materials, such as glass, transparent plastic, and metal. The proposed technique extracts optical features by employing laser and multi-directional, multi-spectral LED illumination that leverages the material's optical properties. The sensor hardware is small in size, and the proposed classification method requires significantly lower computational cost than conventional image-based methods, which use texture features or reflectance analysis, thereby providing real-time performance for ubiquitous computing. Our evaluation of the sensing technique for nine different transparent materials, including air, shows a promising recognition rate of 99.0%. We demonstrate a variety of possible applications using SpecTrans' capabilities.	SpecTrans: Versatile Material Classification for Interaction with Textureless, Specular and Transparent Surfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Tom Gross	NA	Session details: UI Impact on Performance & Decisions	NA	2015
Malte F. Jung:David Sirkin:Turgut M. Gür:Martin Steinert	We explore the impact of the displayed precision of instrumentation estimates of range and state-of-charge on drivers' attitudes towards an all-electric vehicle (EV), on their driving experience, and driving behavior under varying conditions of resource availability. Participants (N=73) completed a 19-mile long drive through highway, rural town and mountain road conditions in an EV that displayed high vs. low remaining range, and gave estimates of that range with high and low information ambiguity. We found that an ambiguous display of range preserved drivers' feelings of trust towards the vehicle, despite encountering situations intended to induce severe range anxiety. Furthermore, compared to drivers facing an unambiguous display of range, drivers presented with an ambiguous range display reported improved driving experience, and exhibited driving behavior better adapted to road and remaining range conditions.	Displayed Uncertainty Improves Driving Experience and Behavior: The Case of Range Anxiety in an Electric Car	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Yunfeng Zhang:Rachel K.E. Bellamy:Wendy A. Kellogg	Software is playing an increasingly important role in supporting human decision-making. Previous HCI research on decision support systems (DSS) has improved the information visualization aspect of DSS information design, but has somewhat overlooked the cognitive aspect of decision-making, namely that human reasoning is heuristic and reflects systematic errors or cognitive biases. We report on an empirical study of two cognitive biases: conservatism and loss aversion. Two remediation techniques recommended by previous research were tested: the expected return method, an actuarial-inspired approach presenting objective metrics; and bootstrapping, a technique successful in improving judgment consistency. The results show that the two biases can occur simultaneously and can have a huge impact on decision-making. The results also show that the two debiasing techniques are only partly effective. These findings suggest a need for more research on debiasing, and indicate some directions for exploring debiasing techniques and building decision support systems.	Designing Information for Remediating Cognitive Biases in Decision-Making	NA:NA:NA	2015
Jussi P.P. Jokinen:Johanna M. Silvennoinen:Piia M.H. Perälä:Pertti Saariluoma	A method for primed product comparisons was developed, based on the methodological considerations of emotional appraisal process and affective mental contents. The method was implemented as a computer tool, which was utilised in two experiments (N = 18 for both). Ten adjectives served as primes, and five drinking glass pictures as stimuli. Participants' task was to choose a preference between two glasses, given the priming adjective. The results validate the method by providing test-retest reliability measures and showing convergence with questionnaires. Further, different evaluation times between the primes and the stimuli reveal the existence of different mental processes associated with various aspects of product experience, as predicted by appraisal theory. The results have various implications for experience research and development in HCI, as they demonstrate how the method can be used for product evaluation and the analysis of the mental processes, which users use to evaluate the products.	Quick Affective Judgments: Validation of a Method for Primed Product Comparisons	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Henriette Cramer	Native advertising, ads that are highly cohesive with actual content in format and style, is a pervasive online trend. We report on a two-stage Mechanical Turk experiment exploring the effects of perceived quality of native ads on perceptions of site quality. First, a set of native ads was rated (N=98) for perceived annoyance and trust. Second, we compare four conditions of an aggregation of news headlines (N=237): 'no ads', 'low quality ads', 'high quality ads + content-relevant', 'high-quality ads + not content-relevant'. Our results indicate that native ads, which in isolation have been rated as high quality, could still have a negative effect on perceived site credibility and perceived site quality if they are too content-relevant. In addition to the effect of ad quality alone (e.g. non-annoying, trustworthy ads), there is an additional impact for ads that are too similar to content; avoiding confusion is important for quality perceptions.	Effects of Ad Quality & Content-Relevance on Perceived Content Quality	NA	2015
Jan Smeddinck	NA	Session details: Player Performance & Experience in Games	NA	2015
Casper Harteveld:Steven C. Sutherland	In this paper the role of game performance as an assessment tool is explored and an approach is presented for designing and assessing learning-centered game scores. In recent years, attention has shifted from focusing on games for learning to games for assessment. The research question this paper tries to address is how valid games are as an assessment tool, and more specifically, how valid the use of game scores are as a measure of assessment. To explore this use, we looked at the role of game performance in a game where the goals were designed based on its learning objectives. We hypothesized that because of this design the scores could be used as a measure of learning. The results of our mixed-methods study confirmed this hypothesis. However, the scores are influenced by factors such as computer skills and age. Further analysis revealed that the design of the game and the game-based training were also of influence. These insights will help in designing better predictive game scores in the future.	The Goal of Scoring: Exploring the Role of Game Performance in Educational Games	NA:NA	2015
Ioanna Iacovides:Anna L. Cox	Games are normally considered to be "fun", though recently there is growing interest in how gameplay can promote empathy and encourage reflection through "serious experience". However, when looking beyond enjoyment, it is not clear how to actually evaluate serious experience. We present an evaluation of four games that were submitted to a student game design competition; the competition challenged teams to design a game that inspired curiosity around human error and blame culture within the context of healthcare. The entries were judged by a panel of six experts and subjected to a round of play testing by twelve participants. Methods included gameplay observation, questionnaires, post-play interviews and follow-up email questions. We discuss the utility of these methods, with particular emphasis on how they enabled a consideration of the immediate and longer term impact of serious experience on players.	Moving Beyond Fun: Evaluating Serious Experience in Digital Games	NA:NA	2015
Rodrigo Vicencio-Moreira:Regan L. Mandryk:Carl Gutwin	When player skill levels differ widely in a competitive First-Person Shooter (FPS) game, enjoyment suffers: weaker players become frustrated and stronger players become less engaged. Player balancing techniques attempt to assist the weaker player and make games more competitive, but these techniques have limitations for deployment when skill levels vary substantially. We developed new player balancing schemes to deal with a range of FPS skill difference, and tested these techniques in one-on-one deathmatches using a commercial-quality FPS game developed with the UDK engine. Our results showed that the new balancing schemes are extremely effective at balancing, even for players with large skill differences. Surprisingly, the techniques that were most effective at balancing were also rated as most enjoyable by both players -- even though these schemes were the most noticeable. Our study is the first to show that player balancing can work well in realistic FPS games, providing developers with a way to increase the audience for this popular genre. In addition, our results demonstrate the idea that successful balancing is as much about the way the technique is applied as it is about the specific manipulation.	Now You Can Compete With Anyone: Balancing Players of Different Skill Levels in a First-Person Shooter Game	NA:NA:NA	2015
Daniel Johnson:Lennart E. Nacke:Peta Wyeth	Video games provide unique interactive player experiences (PX) often categorised into different genres. Prior research has looked at different game genres, but rarely through a PX lens. Especially, PX in the emerging area of massive online battle arena (MOBA) games is not well understood by researchers in the field. We address this knowledge gap by presenting a PX study of different game genres, which we followed up with a second semi-structured interview study about PX in MOBA games. Among the results of our analyses are that games that are likely played with other players, such as MOBA games, stimulate less immersion and presence for players. Additionally, while challenge and frustration are significantly higher in this genre, players get a sense of satisfaction from teamwork, competition and mastery of complex gameplay interactions. Our study is the first to contribute a comprehensive insight into key motivators of MOBA players and how PX in this genre is different from other genres.	All about that Base: Differing Player Experiences in Video Game Genres and the Unique Case of MOBA Games	NA:NA:NA	2015
Katharina Reinecke	NA	Session details: Neighborhoods & Disadvantaged Communities	NA	2015
Angelika Strohmayer:Rob Comber:Madeline Balaam	Non-homeless youths outperform their homeless peers in school even if they live in extreme poverty. This disadvantage can have long-term consequences for engagement with and navigation of wider society. In this paper we examine how differences in achievement could be tackled outside of school through the re-envisioning of ecologies of digital education. Through interviews, design workshops, and a street visit with a total of 20 homeless young adults during a three-week engagement with a centre for people of low social stability in Bucharest, Romania, we examine the perceptions of education among street involved youth or adults. We identify the core values, aspirations, opportunities and barriers for education among these people, including survival, friendship, learning networks, and curiosity. These findings resulted in five implications for design: learning "happens", learning "works", designing for distanced learning, designing for the social politics of learning, and designing artefacts of everyday learning. These show the importance and necessity of educational reform in the field of HCI.	Exploring Learning Ecologies among People Experiencing Homelessness	NA:NA:NA	2015
Tawanna R. Dillahunt:Amelia R. Malone	The digital-sharing economy presents opportunities for individuals to find temporary employment, generate extra income, increase reciprocity, enhance social interaction, and access resources not otherwise attainable. Although the sharing economy is profitable, little is known about its use among the unemployed or those struggling financially. This paper describes the results of a participatory-design based workshop to investigate the perception and feasibility of finding temporary employment and sharing spare resources using sharing-economy applications. Specifically, this study included 20 individuals seeking employment in a U.S. city suffering economic decline. We identify success factors of the digital-sharing economy to these populations, identify shortcomings and propose mitigation strategies based on prior research related to trust, social capital and theories of collective efficacy. Finally, we contribute new principles that may foster collaborative consumption within this population and identify new concepts for practical employment applications among these populations.	The Promise of the Sharing Economy among Disadvantaged Communities	NA:NA	2015
Claudia Müller:Dominik Hornung:Theodor Hamm:Volker Wulf	This paper contributes to the current discourse on practice-based research in HCI paying particular attention to the overall temporal and situational conditions which frame an R&D project. We present a Living Lab study situated in an arbitrary neighborhood of a German city which develops ICT support to foster informal help and social interaction with a special, but not exclusive, focus on elderly tenants. We demonstrate that practice-based, long-term research in a city quarter goes beyond those challenges already described in the current Living Lab and PD literature. The long-term study's positioning in a real-world context is contoured not only by a high diversity of stakeholders and their individual interests and motivation for participation but also by their individual skill sets and learning needs. These distinct and often contradictive perspectives have to be permanently counterbalanced. Thus attention has to be focused on how related strategies and decisions impact on the design of the project as well as on the final ICT product. To enable all tenants, irrespective of age and technical skill, to participate in a long-term ICT-based community development project, we applied the format of 'experience-based PD workshops' to foster confidence in ICT usage and encourage the competency of the elderly and non-tech-savvy tenants.	Practice-based Design of a Neighborhood Portal: Focusing on Elderly Tenants in a City Quarter Living Lab	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jessica A. Pater:Andrew D. Miller:Elizabeth D. Mynatt	In this paper, we present the results of a multi-year study of the social computing practices of 179 adolescents (Mage=12.4 years, SD=1.3; range: 10-14) living in a majority-minority lower-income urban neighborhood in the Southeast U.S. We investigate shifting social media practices using annual surveys and focus groups. We describe participants' social media use and motivations and show how that use has shifted over time. We show how participants identify social pressures and influences as well as specific behaviors including computer-mediated risky behaviors and self-harm. We discuss the implications of our findings for the CHI research community, including methodological challenges and the need for further study of computer-mediated harmful behaviors in youth populations. By demonstrating how large-scale trends are enacted on the ground, we describe participants' uses, motivations and behaviors as they deal with the increasing influence of technology in their social lives.	This Digital Life: A Neighborhood-Based Study of Adolescents' Lives Online	NA:NA:NA	2015
Serge Egelman	NA	Session details: Enhanced Security with Passwords & CAPTCHAs	NA	2015
Mahdi Nasrullah Al-Ameen:Matthew Wright:Shannon Scielzo	Given the choice, users produce passwords reflecting common strategies and patterns that ease recall but offer uncertain and often weak security. System-assigned passwords provide measurable security but suffer from poor memorability. To address this usability-security tension, we argue that systems should assign random passwords but also help with memorization and recall. We investigate the feasibility of this approach with CuedR, a novel cued-recognition authentication scheme that provides users with multiple cues (visual, verbal, and spatial) and lets them choose the cues that best fit their learning process for later recognition of system-assigned keywords. In our lab study, all 37 of our participants could log in within three attempts one week after registration (mean login time: 38.0 seconds). A pilot study on using multiple CuedR passwords also showed 100% recall within three attempts. Based on our results, we suggest appropriate applications for CuedR, such as financial and e-commerce accounts.	Towards Making Random Passwords Memorable: Leveraging Users' Cognitive Ability Through Multiple Cues	NA:NA:NA	2015
Sourav Kumar Dandapat:Swadhin Pradhan:Bivas Mitra:Romit Roy Choudhury:Niloy Ganguly	This paper explores the feasibility of automatically extracting passwords from a user's daily activity logs, such as her Facebook activity, phone activity etc. As an example, a smartphone might ask the user: "Today morning from whom did you receive an SMS?" In this paper, we observe that infrequent activities (i.e., outliers) can be memorable and unpredictable. Building on this observation, we have developed an end to end system ActivPass and experimented with 70 users. With activity logs from Facebook, browsing history, call logs, and SMSs, the system achieves 95% success (authenticates legitimate users) and is compromised in 5.5% cases (authenticates impostors). While this level of security is obviously inadequate for serious authentication systems, certain practices such as password sharing can immediately be thwarted from the dynamic nature of passwords. With security improvements in the future, activity-based authentication could fill in for the inadequacies in today's password-based systems.	ActivPass: Your Daily Activity is Your Password	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Hendrik Meutzner:Santosh Gupta:Dorothea Kolossa	To prevent abuses of Internet services, CAPTCHAs are used to distinguish humans from programs where an audio-based scheme is beneficial to support visually impaired people. Previous studies show that most audio CAPTCHAs, albeit hard to solve for humans, are lacking security strength. In this work we propose an audio CAPTCHA that is far more robust against automated attacks than it is reported for current CAPTCHA schemes. The CAPTCHA exhibits a good trade-off between human usability and security. This is achieved by exploiting the fact that the human capabilities of language understanding and speech recognition are clearly superior compared to current machines. We evaluate the CAPTCHA security by using a state-of-the-art attack and assess the intelligibility by means of a large-scale listening experiment.	Constructing Secure Audio CAPTCHAs by Exploiting Differences between Humans and Machines	NA:NA:NA	2015
Emanuel von Zezschwitz:Alexander De Luca:Philipp Janssen:Heinrich Hussmann	We performed a systematic evaluation of the shoulder surfing susceptibility of the Android pattern (un)lock. The results of an online study (n=298) enabled us to quantify the influence of pattern length, line visibility, number of knight moves, number of overlaps and number of intersections on observation resistance. The results show that all parameters have a highly significant influence, with line visibility and pattern length being most important. We discuss implications for real-world patterns and present a linear regression model that can predict the observability of a given pattern. The model can be used to provide proactive security measurements for (un)lock patterns, in analogy to password meters.	Easy to Draw, but Hard to Trace?: On the Observability of Grid-based (Un)lock Patterns	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Youngbae Song:Geumhwan Cho:Seongyeol Oh:Hyoungshick Kim:Jun Ho Huh	We propose an effective pattern lock strength meter to help users choose stronger pattern locks on Android devices. To evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed meter with a real world dataset (i.e., with complete ecological validity), we created an Android application called EnCloud that allows users to encrypt their Dropbox files. 101 pattern locks generated by real EnCloud users were collected and analyzed, where some portion of the users were provided with the meter support. Our statistical analysis indicates that about 10% of the pattern locks that were generated without the meter support could be compromised through just 16 guessing attempts. As for the pattern locks that were generated with the meter support, that number goes up to 48 guessing attempts, showing significant improvement in security. Our recommendation is to implement a strength meter in the next version of Android.	On the Effectiveness of Pattern Lock Strength Meters: Measuring the Strength of Real World Pattern Locks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Hironobu Takagi	NA	Session details: Accessibility at Home & on The Go	NA	2015
Yu Zhong:Walter S. Lasecki:Erin Brady:Jeffrey P. Bigham	Blind people often seek answers to their visual questions from remote sources, however, the commonly adopted single-image, single-response model does not always guarantee enough bandwidth between users and sources. This is especially true when questions concern large sets of information, or spatial layout, e.g., where is there to sit in this area, what tools are on this work bench, or what do the buttons on this machine do? Our RegionSpeak system addresses this problem by providing an accessible way for blind users to (i) combine visual information across multiple photographs via image stitching, em (ii) quickly collect labels from the crowd for all relevant objects contained within the resulting large visual area in parallel, and (iii) then interactively explore the spatial layout of the objects that were labeled. The regions and descriptions are displayed on an accessible touchscreen interface, which allow blind users to interactively explore their spatial layout. We demonstrate that workers from Amazon Mechanical Turk are able to quickly and accurately identify relevant regions, and that asking them to describe only one region at a time results in more comprehensive descriptions of complex images. RegionSpeak can be used to explore the spatial layout of the regions identified. It also demonstrates broad potential for helping blind users to answer difficult spatial layout questions.	RegionSpeak: Quick Comprehensive Spatial Descriptions of Complex Images for Blind Users	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Roy Shilkrot:Jochen Huber:Wong Meng Ee:Pattie Maes:Suranga Chandima Nanayakkara	Accessing printed text in a mobile context is a major challenge for the blind. A preliminary study with blind people reveals numerous difficulties with existing state-of-the-art technologies including problems with alignment, focus, accuracy, mobility and efficiency. In this paper, we present a finger-worn device, FingerReader, that assists blind users with reading printed text on the go. We introduce a novel computer vision algorithm for local-sequential text scanning that enables reading single lines, blocks of text or skimming the text with complementary, multimodal feedback. This system is implemented in a small finger-worn form factor, that enables a more manageable eyes-free operation with trivial setup. We offer findings from three studies performed to determine the usability of the FingerReader.	FingerReader: A Wearable Device to Explore Printed Text on the Go	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Stacy M. Branham:Shaun K. Kane	In recent decades, great technological strides have been made toward enabling people who are blind to live independent, successful lives. However, there has been relatively little progress towards understanding the social, collaborative needs of this population, particularly in the domestic setting. We conducted semi-structured interviews in the homes of 10 pairs of close companions in which one partner was blind and one was not. We found that partners engaged in collaborative accessibility by taking active roles in co-creating an accessible environment. Due to their different visual abilities, however, partners sometimes encountered difficulties managing divergent needs and engaging in shared experiences. We describe outstanding challenges to creating accessible shared home spaces and outline new research and technology opportunities for supporting collaborative accessibility in the home.	Collaborative Accessibility: How Blind and Sighted Companions Co-Create Accessible Home Spaces	NA:NA	2015
John Tang	NA	Session details: Telepresence Video, Robots, and Walls	NA	2015
Keita Higuchi:Yinpeng Chen:Philip A. Chou:Zhengyou Zhang:Zicheng Liu	ImmerseBoard is a system for remote collaboration through a digital whiteboard that gives participants a 3D immersive experience, enabled only by an RGBD camera (Microsoft Kinect) mounted on the side of a large touch display. Using 3D processing of the depth images, life-sized rendering, and novel visualizations, ImmerseBoard emulates writing side-by-side on a physical whiteboard, or alternatively on a mirror. User studies involving three tasks show that compared to standard video conferencing with a digital whiteboard, ImmerseBoard provides participants with a quantitatively better ability to estimate their remote partners' eye gaze direction, gesture direction, intention, and level of agreement. Moreover, these quantitative capabilities translate qualitatively into a heightened sense of being together and a more enjoyable experience. ImmerseBoard's form factor is suitable for practical and easy installation in homes and offices.	ImmerseBoard: Immersive Telepresence Experience using a Digital Whiteboard	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Ignacio Avellino:Cédric Fleury:Michel Beaudouin-Lafon	This paper presents a controlled experiment assessing the accuracy when interpreting remote users showing a shared object on a large wall-sized display, either by looking at it or by looking and pointing at it. We analyze both distance and angle errors and how they are sensitive to the relative position be- tween the remote viewer and the video feed. We show that the remote user can accurately determine the target, that eye gaze alone is more accurate than combined with the hand, and that the relative position between the viewer and the video feed has little effect on accuracy. These findings can inform the design of future telepresence systems for wall-sized displays.	Accuracy of Deictic Gestures to Support Telepresence on Wall-sized Displays	NA:NA:NA	2015
Steven Johnson:Irene Rae:Bilge Mutlu:Leila Takayama	Robotic telepresence systems-videoconferencing systems that allow a remote user to drive around in another location-are an emerging technology for supporting geographically-distributed teams. Thus far, many of these systems rely on affordances designed for stationary systems, such as a single, narrow-view camera to provide vision for the remote user. Teleoperation has offered some solutions to this via an augmented field-of-view, but how these solutions support task outcomes in collaborative mobile telepresence tasks has yet to be understood. To investigate this, we conducted a three condition (field-of-view: narrow (45°) vs. wide-angle (180°) vs. panoramic (360°)) between-participants controlled laboratory experiment. We asked participants (N=24) to collaborate with a confederate via a robotic telepresence system while using one of these views in a redecoration task. Our results showed that wider views supported task efficiency and fewer collisions, but were perceived as more difficult to use.	Can You See Me Now?: How Field of View Affects Collaboration in Robotic Telepresence	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Florian "Floyd" Mueller	NA	Session details: Experience Design for Games	NA	2015
Eric Butler:Erik Andersen:Adam M. Smith:Sumit Gulwani:Zoran Popović	A long-term goal of game design research is to achieve end-to-end automation of much of the design process, one aspect of which is creating effective level progressions. A key difficulty is getting the player to practice with interesting combinations of learned skills while maintaining their engagement. Although recent work in task generation and sequencing has reduced this effort, we still lack end-to-end automation of the entire content design process. We approach this goal by incorporating ideas from intelligent tutoring systems and proposing progression strategies that seek to achieve mastery of not only base concepts but arbitrary combinations of these concepts. The input to our system is a model of what the player needs to do to complete each level, expressed as either an imperative procedure for producing solutions or a representation of features common to all solutions. The output is a progression of levels that can be adjusted by changing high-level parameters. We apply our framework to a popular math puzzle game and present results from 2,377 players showing that our automatic level progression is comparable to expert-crafted progression after a few design iterations based on a key engagement metric.	Automatic Game Progression Design through Analysis of Solution Features	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
John Rooksby:Mattias Rost:Alistair Morrison:Matthew Chalmers	We have developed a mobile application called Pass The Ball that enables users to track, reflect on, and discuss physical activity with others. We followed an iterative design process, trialling a first version of the app with 20 people and a second version with 31. The trials were conducted in the wild, on users' own devices. The second version of the app enforced a turn-taking system that meant only one member of a group of users could track their activity at any one time. This constrained tracking at the individual level, but more successfully led users to communicate and interact with each other. We discuss the second trial with reference to two concepts: social-relatedness and individual-competence. We discuss six key lessons from the trial, and identify two high-level design implications: attend to "practices" of tracking; and look within and beyond "collaboration" and "competition" in the design of activity trackers.	Pass the Ball: Enforced Turn-Taking in Activity Tracking	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Dimitrios Paris Darzentas:Michael A. Brown:Martin Flintham:Steve Benford	We present an ethnographic study of the practice of miniature wargaming in order to shed light onto the complex lives of physical things and the ways in which they acquire data footprints. We take an extended view of the practice, revealing how people invest great effort into crafting miniatures, playing with them, curating and telling stories about them, and passing them on. Throughout, we emphasise the use of both traditional and digital technologies to build rich data footprints. In discussing our findings, we adopt a "thing-centric" perspective that focuses on the extended lifetimes of the miniatures themselves. This enables us to identify opportunities for digital augmentation in support of capturing "life away from the table" and a need for HCI to focus on designing trajectories of things.	The Data Driven Lives of Wargaming Miniatures	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Khaled Bachour:Richard Wetzel:Martin Flintham:Trung Dong Huynh:Tom Rodden:Luc Moreau	In the information age, tools for examining the validity of data are invaluable. Provenance is one such tool, and the PROV model proposed by the World Wide Web Consortium in 2013 offers a means of expressing provenance in a machine readable format. In this paper, we examine from a user's standpoint notions of provenance, the accessibility of the PROV model, and the general attitudes towards history and the verifiability of information in modern data society. We do this through the medium of an online-game designed to explore these issues and present the findings of the study along with a discussion of some of its implications.	Provenance for the People: An HCI Perspective on the W3C PROV Standard through an Online Game	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Stefanie Mueller	NA	Session details: Digital & Materials Fabrication	NA	2015
Elisa Giaccardi:Elvin Karana	A growing number of HCI scholars have started to take materiality as an entry point for acquiring a deeper understanding of the possibilities and constraints of design. Steadily moving beyond a distinction between the physical and the digital, a few have also started to look at materials as part of the unfolding of social and cultural practices. Yet, to date, relatively little is known about how these practices develop within the situated experience of materials, and how this situational whole can be supported by design. By contributing to both growing materiality scholarship and emerging practice-oriented approaches in HCI, this paper articulates a framework of materials experience that discusses how materials shape ways of doing and ultimately, practice, and how this is rooted in the experience of those materials.	Foundations of Materials Experience: An Approach for HCI	NA:NA	2015
Raf Ramakers:Kashyap Todi:Kris Luyten	We present PaperPulse, a design and fabrication approach that enables designers without a technical background to produce standalone interactive paper artifacts by augmenting them with electronics. With PaperPulse, designers overlay pre-designed visual elements with widgets available in our design tool. PaperPulse provides designers with three families of widgets designed for smooth integration with paper, for an overall of 20 different interactive components. We also contribute a logic demonstration and recording approach, Pulsation, that allows for specifying functional relationships between widgets. Using the final design and the recorded Pulsation logic, PaperPulse generates layered electronic circuit designs, and code that can be deployed on a microcontroller. By following automatically generated assembly instructions, designers can seamlessly integrate the microcontroller and widgets in the final paper artifact.	PaperPulse: An Integrated Approach for Embedding Electronics in Paper Designs	NA:NA:NA	2015
Bettina Nissen:John Bowers	This paper explores a design-led approach to digital fabrication which situates it in participatory data translation activities to demonstrate that this technology can find application beyond its use as tool for manufacture. We present two contrasting design contexts in which, respectively, data from conference twitter conversations and craft practitioners' movements are translated into interactively generated and fabricated physical artefacts. We argue that direct involvement in such digital fabrication activities can help people invest meaning into artefacts and facilitate social interaction and reflection upon their activities, while encouraging practitioners to incorporate new forms into their own work. On this basis, we reconsider digital fabrication within data translation activities as situated along an extended 'trajectory of use' in which reflective, meaningful 'data-things' can be created.	Data-Things: Digital Fabrication Situated within Participatory Data Translation Activities	NA:NA	2015
Laura Devendorf:Kimiko Ryokai	This paper details the design and evaluation of Being the Machine, a portable digital fabrication system that places digital fabrication activity outside of the traditional fab lab environment. Being the Machine invites people to (re)consider materials found in their everyday and personal environment as part of the fabrication activity. We expand the design space involving hybrid (physical-digital) fabrication by describing how our system draws from art to support critical and reflective modes of making. In interaction with our system, participants distributed control between human and machine actors to support their preferred mode of making. These patterns reveal new opportunities and challenges for future hybrid fabrication systems, and suggest that designing for qualities of experience, like meditation and reflection, could support meaningful making experiences for many different kinds of makers.	Being the Machine: Reconfiguring Agency and Control in Hybrid Fabrication	NA:NA	2015
Max Wilson	NA	Session details: Tactile Notifications for Phones & Wearables	NA	2015
Jessalyn Alvina:Shengdong Zhao:Simon T. Perrault:Maryam Azh:Thijs Roumen:Morten Fjeld	Previous works illustrate that one's palm can reliably recognize 10 or more spatiotemporal vibrotactile patterns. However, recognition of the same patterns on other body parts is unknown. In this paper, we investigate how users perceive spatiotemporal vibrotactile patterns on the arm, palm, thigh, and waist. Results of the first two experiments indicate that precise recognition of either position or orientation is difficult across multiple body parts. Nonetheless, users were able to distinguish whether two vibration pulses were from the same location when played in quick succession. Based on this finding, we designed eight spatiotemporal vibrotactile patterns and evaluated them in two additional experiments. The results demonstrate that these patterns can be reliably recognized (>80%) across the four tested body parts, both in the lab and in a more realistic context.	OmniVib: Towards Cross-body Spatiotemporal Vibrotactile Notifications for Mobile Phones	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Thijs Roumen:Simon T. Perrault:Shengdong Zhao	We conducted an empirical investigation of wearable interactive rings on the noticeability of four instantaneous notification channels (light, vibration, sound, poke) and a channel with gradually increased temperature (thermal) during five levels of physical activity (laying down, sitting, standing, walking, and running). Results showed that vibration was the most reliable and fastest channel to convey notification, followed by poke and sound which shared similar noticeability. The noticeability of these three channels was not affected by the level of physical activity. The other two channels, light and thermal, were less noticeable and were affected by the level of physical activity. Our post-experimental survey indicates that while noticeability has a significant influence on user preference, each channel has its own unique advantages that make it suitable for different notification scenarios.	NotiRing: A Comparative Study of Notification Channels for Wearable Interactive Rings	NA:NA:NA	2015
Alexandra Ion:Edward Jay Wang:Patrick Baudisch	We propose a new type of tactile displays that drag a physical tactor across the skin in 2D. We call this skin drag. We demonstrate how this allows us to communicate geometric shapes or characters to users. The main benefit of our approach is that it simultaneously produces two types of stimuli, i.e., (1) it moves a tactile stimulus across skin locations and (2) it stretches the user's skin. Skin drag thereby combines the essential stimuli produced by vibrotactile and skin stretch. In our study, skin drag allowed participants to recognize tactile shapes significantly better than a vibrotactile array of comparable size. We present two arm-worn prototype devices that implement our concept.	Skin Drag Displays: Dragging a Physical Tactor across the User's Skin Produces a Stronger Tactile Stimulus than Vibrotactile	NA:NA:NA	2015
Max Pfeiffer:Tim Dünte:Stefan Schneegass:Florian Alt:Michael Rohs	Pedestrian navigation systems require users to perceive, interpret, and react to navigation information. This can tax cognition as navigation information competes with information from the real world. We propose actuated navigation, a new kind of pedestrian navigation in which the user does not need to attend to the navigation task at all. An actuation signal is directly sent to the human motor system to influence walking direction. To achieve this goal we stimulate the sartorius muscle using electrical muscle stimulation. The rotation occurs during the swing phase of the leg and can easily be counteracted. The user therefore stays in control. We discuss the properties of actuated navigation and present a lab study on identifying basic parameters of the technique as well as an outdoor study in a park. The results show that our approach changes a user's walking direction by about 16°/m on average and that the system can successfully steer users in a park with crowded areas, distractions, obstacles, and uneven ground.	Cruise Control for Pedestrians: Controlling Walking Direction using Electrical Muscle Stimulation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Pedro Lopes:Patrik Jonell:Patrick Baudisch	We propose extending the affordance of objects by allowing them to communicate dynamic use, such as (1) motion (e.g., spray can shakes when touched), (2) multi-step processes (e.g., spray can sprays only after shaking), and (3) behaviors that change over time (e.g., empty spray can does not allow spraying anymore). Rather than enhancing objects directly, however, we implement this concept by enhancing the user. We call this affordance++. By stimulating the user's arms using electrical muscle stimulation, our prototype allows objects not only to make the user actuate them, but also perform required movements while merely approaching the object, such as not to touch objects that do not "want" to be touched. In our user study, affordance++ helped participants to successfully operate devices of poor natural affordance, such as a multi-functional slicer tool or a magnetic nail sweeper, and to stay away from cups filled with hot liquids.	Affordance++: Allowing Objects to Communicate Dynamic Use	NA:NA:NA	2015
Davide Spano	NA	Session details: Automation and Interactive Feedback	NA	2015
Frederic Dehais:Vsevolod Peysakhovich:Sébastien Scannella:Jennifer Fongue:Thibault Gateau	Conflicts between the pilot and the automation, when pilots detect but do not understand them, cause "automation surprise" situations and jeopardize flight safety. We conducted an experiment in a 3-axis motion flight simulator with 16 pilots equipped with an eye-tracker to analyze their behavior and eye movements during the occurrence of such a situation. The results revealed that this conflict engages participant's attentional abilities resulting in excessive and inefficient visual search patterns. This experiment confirmed the crucial need to design solutions for detecting the occurrence of conflictual situations and to assist the pilots. We therefore proposed an approach to formally identify the occurrence of "automation surprise" conflicts based on the analysis of "silent mode changes" of the autopilot. A demonstrator was implemented and allowed for the automatic trigger of messages in the cockpit that explains the autopilot behavior. We implemented a real-time demonstrator that was tested as a proof-of-concept with 7 subjects facing 3 different conflicts with automation. The results shown the efficacy of this approach which could be implemented in existing cockpits.	"Automation Surprise" in Aviation: Real-Time Solutions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Steven C. Sutherland:Casper Harteveld:Michael E. Young	There is a growing need to understand how automated decision aids are implemented and relied upon by users. Past research has focused on factors associated with the user and automation technology to explain reliance. The purpose of the present study was determining how the predictability of the environment affects reliance. In this paper, we present the results from an experiment using a digital game where participants had access to a free environmental cue of varying predictive validity. Some participants also had access to automated advice at varying costs. We found that participants underutilized automated advice in more predictable environments and when advice was more costly; however, when costs were low and the environment was less predictable, participants tended to overutilize automated advice. These findings provide insights for a more complete model of automation use, and offer a framework for understanding automation biases by considering how automation use compares to a model of optimality.	The Role of Environmental Predictability and Costs in Relying on Automation	NA:NA:NA	2015
Julia Schwarz:Jennifer Mankoff:Scott E. Hudson	Increasingly natural, sensed, and touch-based input is being integrated into devices. Along the way, both custom and more general solutions have been developed for dealing with the uncertainty that is associated with these forms of input. However, it is difficult to provide dynamic, flexible, and continuous feedback about uncertainty using traditional interactive infrastructure. Our contribution is a general architecture with the goal of providing support for continual feedback about uncertainty. Our architecture is based on prior work in modeling uncertainty using Monte Carlo sampling, and tracks multiple interfaces -- one for each plausible and differentiable sequence of input that the user may have intended. Importantly, it considers how the presentation of uncertainty can be organized and implemented in a general way. Our primary contribution is a method for reducing the number of alternative interfaces and fusing possible interfaces into a single interface that both communicates uncertainty and allows for disambiguation. We demonstrate the value of this result through a collection of 11 new and existing feedback techniques along with two applications demonstrating the use of the feedback architecture.	An Architecture for Generating Interactive Feedback in Probabilistic User Interfaces	NA:NA:NA	2015
Hanchuan Li:Can Ye:Alanson P. Sample	In order to enable unobtrusive human object interaction detection, we propose a minimalistic approach to instrumenting everyday objects with passive (i.e. battery-free) UHF RFID tags. By measuring the changes in the physical layer of the communication channel between the RFID tag and reader (such as RSSI, RF phase, and read rate) we are able to classify, in real time, tag/object motion events along with two types of touch events. Through a user study, we demonstrate that our real-time classification engine is able to simultaneously track 20 objects and identify four movement classes with 93% accuracy. To demonstrate how robust this general-purpose interaction mechanism is, we investigate three usage scenarios 1) interactive storytelling with toys 2) inference of daily activities in the home 3) identification of customer browsing habits in a retail setting.	IDSense: A Human Object Interaction Detection System Based on Passive UHF RFID	NA:NA:NA	2015
Thecla Schiphorst	NA	Session details: Art & Performance	NA	2015
Yue Pan:Erik Stolterman	Recent research shows that fashion already exists in the HCI domain and influences and affects design and designers' thinking and practices throughout the design process. In this note, we draw our insights from fashion related research within HCI and interaction design, provide some observations about fashion-related design and research practices, raise questions about our field as moving forward towards fashion driven discipline.	What if HCI Becomes a Fashion Driven Discipline?	NA:NA	2015
Leif Oppermann:Clemens Putschli:Constantin Brosda:Oleksandr Lobunets:Fabien Prioville	The Smartphone Project (TSP) is an interactive dance-performance in a professional setting that exploits the communication channels provided by smartphone-apps as a new material in the dance-theatre domain. We present an account of the experience and its staging. Based on an initial study with 36 participants from the audience, we present results and discuss lessons learned from this project that might guide similar future work.	The Smartphone Project: An Augmented Dance Performance	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Stuart Reeves:Christian Greiffenhagen:Martin Flintham:Steve Benford:Matt Adams:Ju Row Farr:Nicholas Tandavantij	We present a study of a mixed reality game called 'I'd Hide You' that involves live video streaming from the city streets. We chart the significant challenges facing performers on the streets who must simultaneously engage in the game, stream compelling video footage featuring themselves, and interact with a remote online audience. We reveal how these street performers manage four key tensions: between their body and camera; between the demands of online audiences and what takes place on-the-street; between what appears 'frontstage' on camera versus what happens 'backstage'; and balancing being a player of the game with being a performer. By reflecting on how they achieve this, we are able to draw out wider lessons for future interfaces aimed at supporting people broadcasting video of themselves to online audiences while engaged in games, sports and other demanding real-world activities.	I'd Hide You: Performing Live Broadcasting in Public	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jonathan Hook:Rachel Clarke:John McCarthy:Kate Anderson:Jane Dudman:Peter Wright	We explore how digital technology might support the documentation of experiences of participatory arts engagement. During a fourteen session workshop series, we worked with artists, project managers, support workers and participants to explore the integration of digital media capture and presentation technologies into participatory arts workshops, and the implications that this would have for the experiences and practices of key stakeholders involved. We contribute insight into the social and practical challenges faced when using digital technology to create documentation of participatory arts. Our findings highlight the importance of situating documentation, sense making and re-telling of experiences in sensitive contexts such as participatory arts within the practices of skilled interpreters that are mindful of the complexities involved.	Making the Invisible Visible: Design to Support the Documentation of Participatory Arts Experiences	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Seung Ah Lee:Engin Bumbacher:Alice M. Chung:Nate Cira:Byron Walker:Ji Young Park:Barry Starr:Paulo Blikstein:Ingmar H. Riedel-Kruse	We developed Trap it!, a human-biology interaction (HBI) medium encompassing a touchscreen interface, microscopy, and light projection. Users can interact with living cells by drawing on a touchscreen displaying the microscope view of the cells. These drawings are projected onto the microscopy field as light patterns, prompting observable movement in phototactic responses. The system design enables stable and robust HBI and a wide variety of programmed activities (art, games, and experiments). We investigated its affordances as an exhibit in a science museum in both facilitated and unfacilitated contexts. Overall, it had a low barrier of entry and fostered rich communication among visitors. Visitors were particularly excited upon realizing that the interaction involved real organisms, an understanding that was facilitated by the eyepiece on the physical system. With the results from user study, we provide our observations, insights and guidelines for designing HBI as a permanent museum exhibit.	Trap it!: A Playful Human-Biology Interaction for a Museum Installation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
N. Sadat Shami	NA	Session details: Bridging People & Beliefs with Social Media	NA	2015
Amy X. Zhang:Scott Counts	Social media has emerged as a prominent platform where people can express their feelings about social and political issues of our time. We study the many voices discussing an issue within a constituency and how they reflect ideology and may signal the outcome of important policy decisions. Focusing on the issue of same-sex marriage legalization, we examine almost 2 million public Twitter posts related to same-sex marriage in the U.S. states over the course of 4 years starting from 2011. Among other findings, we find evidence of moral culture wars between ideologies and show that constituencies that express higher levels of emotion and have fewer actively engaged participants often precede legalization efforts that fail. From our measures, we build statistical models to predict the outcome of potential policy changes, with our best model achieving 87% accuracy. We also achieve accuracies of 70%, comparable to public opinion surveys, many months before a policy decision. We discuss how these analyses can augment traditional political science techniques as well as assist activists and policy analysts in understanding discussions on important issues at a population scale.	Modeling Ideology and Predicting Policy Change with Social Media: Case of Same-Sex Marriage	NA:NA	2015
Jeremy Birnholtz:Nicholas Aaron Ross Merola:Arindam Paul	People have long sought answers to questions online, typically using either anonymous or pseudonymous forums or social network platforms that primarily use real names. Systems that allow anonymous communication afford freedom to explore identity and discuss taboo topics, but can result in negative disinhibited behavior such as cyberbullying. Identifiable communication systems allows one to reach a known audience and avoid negative disinhibition, but can constrain behavior with concerns about privacy and reputation. One persistent design issue is understanding how to leverage the benefits of anonymity without suffering its drawbacks. This paper presents a case study analysis of question asking on Facebook confession boards (FCBs), a tool popular on some college campuses. FCBs present a unique configuration in which members of an offline community (e.g., a university) anonymously submit content to a moderator who posts it to a Facebook page where others in the community can view it and respond. Response is via identifiable Facebook comments and likes. Our results show users asking about taboo and stigmatized topics with local others, and receiving relevant responses with little cyberbullying or negativity.	"Is it Weird to Still Be a Virgin": Anonymous, Locally Targeted Questions on Facebook Confession Boards	NA:NA:NA	2015
Jae Won Kim:Dongwoo Kim:Brian Keegan:Joon Hee Kim:Suin Kim:Alice Oh	Sporting championships and other media events can induce very strong feelings of co-presence that can change communication patterns within large communities. Live tweeting reactions to media events provide high-resolution data with time-stamps to understand these behavioral dynamics. We employ a computational focus group method to identify a population of 790,744 international Twitter users, and we track their behavior before, during, and after the 2014 FIFA World Cup. We pick, in particular, a set of Twitter users who specified the teams that they are supporting, such that we can identify communities of fans of the teams, as well as the entire community of World Cup fans. The structure, dynamics, and content of communication of these communities of users are analyzed to compare behavior outside of the matches to behavior during the event and to examine behavioral responses across languages. Specifically, the temporal patterns of the tweeting volume, topics, retweet- ing, and mentioning behaviors are analyzed. We find there are similarities in the responses to media events, characteristic changes in activity patterns of users, and substantial differences in linguistic features. These findings have implications for designing more resilient socio-technical systems during crises and developing better models of complex social behavior.	Social Media Dynamics of Global Co-presence During the 2014 FIFA World Cup	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Yelena Mejova:Javier Borge-Holthoefer:Ingmar Weber	How are you related to Malawi? Do recent events on the Comoros effect you in any subtle way? Who in your extended social network is in Croatia? We seldom ask ourselves these questions, yet a "long tail" of content beyond our everyday knowledge is waiting to be explored. In this work we propose a recommendation task of creating interest in little-known content by building personalized "bridges" to users. We consider an example task of interesting users in little-known countries, and propose a system which aggregates a user's Twitter profile, network, and tweets to create an interest model, which is then matched to a library of knowledge about the countries. We perform a user study of 69 participants and conduct 11 in-depth interviews in order to evaluate the efficacy of the proposed approach and gather qualitative insight into the effect of multi-faceted use of Twitter on the perception of the bridges. We find the increase in interest concerning little-known content to greatly depend on the pre-existing disposition to it. Additionally, we discover a set of vital properties good bridges must possess, including recency, novelty, emotiveness, and a proper selection of language. Using the proposed approach we aim to harvest the "invisible connections" to make explicit the idea of a "small world" where even a faraway country is more closely connected to you than you might have imagined.	Bridges into the Unknown: Personalizing Connections to Little-known Countries	NA:NA:NA	2015
Rodrigo de Oliveira	NA	Session details: Quantified Self for Humans & Pets	NA	2015
Victoria Hollis:Artie Konrad:Steve Whittaker	Preventable behaviors contribute to many life threatening health problems. Behavior-change technologies have been deployed to modify these, but such systems typically draw on traditional behavioral theories that overlook affect. We examine the importance of emotion tracking for behavior change. First, we conducted interviews to explore how emotions influence unwanted behaviors. Next, we deployed a system intervention, in which 35 participants logged information for a self-selected, unwanted behavior (e.g., smoking or overeating) over 21 days. 16 participants engaged in standard behavior tracking using a Fact-Focused system to record objective information about goals. 19 participants used an Emotion-Focused system to record emotional consequences of behaviors. Emotion-Focused logging promoted more successful behavior change and analysis of logfiles revealed mechanisms for success: greater engagement of negative affect for unsuccessful days and increased insight were key to motivating change. We present design implications to improve behavior-change technologies with emotion tracking.	Change of Heart: Emotion Tracking to Promote Behavior Change	NA:NA:NA	2015
Katarzyna Stawarz:Anna L. Cox:Ann Blandford	Habit formation is an important part of behavior change interventions: to ensure an intervention has long-term effects, the new behavior has to turn into a habit and become automatic. Smartphone apps could help with this process by supporting habit formation. To better understand how, we conducted a 4-week study exploring the influence of different types of cues and positive reinforcement on habit formation and reviewed the functionality of 115 habit formation apps. We discovered that relying on reminders supported repetition but hindered habit development, while the use of event-based cues led to increased automaticity; positive reinforcement was ineffective. The functionality review revealed that existing apps focus on self-tracking and reminders, and do not support event-based cues. We argue that apps, and technology-based interventions in general, have the potential to provide real habit support, and present design guidelines for interventions that could support habit formation through contextual cues and implementation intentions.	Beyond Self-Tracking and Reminders: Designing Smartphone Apps That Support Habit Formation	NA:NA:NA	2015
Shaun Lawson:Ben Kirman:Conor Linehan:Tom Feltwell:Lisa Hopkins	There is growing interest in technology that quantifies aspects of our lives. This paper draws on critical practice and speculative design to explore, question and problematise the ultimate consequences of such technology using the quantification of companion animals (pets) as a case study. We apply the concept of "moving upstream" to study such technology and use a qualitative research approach in which both pet owners, and animal behavioural experts, were presented with, and asked to discuss, speculative designs for pet quantification applications, the design of which were extrapolated from contemporary trends. Our findings indicate a strong desire among pet owners for technology that has little scientific justification, whilst our experts caution that the use of technology to augment human-animal communication has the potential to disimprove animal welfare, undermine human-animal bonds, and create human-human conflicts. Our discussion informs wider debates regarding quantification technology.	Problematising Upstream Technology through Speculative Design: The Case of Quantified Cats and Dogs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Clara Mancini:Rob Harris:Brendan Aengenheister:Claire Guest	We report on participatory design research where interaction designers, and canine behavioral specialists, together with their cancer detection dogs, teamed up to better support the dogs' life-saving work. We discuss interspecies communication challenges in cancer detection training, requiring the dogs to use human signaling conventions that perturb their detection work. We describe our effort to develop a technology that could resolve those challenges, and how in the process our design focus gradually shifted from a human-centered to a canine-centered interaction model. The resulting interface, based on honest signaling, re-centers cancer detection practices on the dogs themselves, enabling them to better express their potential as cancer detection workers; it also provides a model for re-thinking human-computer interactions.	Re-Centering Multispecies Practices: A Canine Interface for Cancer Detection Dogs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Benjamin Bach	NA	Session details: Visualizing Statistics & Graphs	NA	2015
Emanuel Zgraggen:Steven M. Drucker:Danyel Fisher:Robert DeLine	Many different domains collect event sequence data and rely on finding and analyzing patterns within it to gain meaningful insights. Current systems that support such queries either provide limited expressiveness, hinder exploratory workflows or present interaction and visualization models which do not scale well to large and multi-faceted data sets. In this paper we present (s|qu)eries (pronounced "Squeries"), a visual query interface for creating queries on sequences (series) of data, based on regular expressions. (s|qu)eries is a touch-based system that exposes the full expressive power of regular expressions in an approachable way and interleaves query specification with result visualizations. Being able to visually investigate the results of different query-parts supports debugging and encourages iterative query-building as well as exploratory work-flows. We validate our design and implementation through a set of informal interviews with data scientists that analyze event sequences on a daily basis.	(s|qu)eries: Visual Regular Expressions for Querying and Exploring Event Sequences	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Chat Wacharamanotham:Krishna Subramanian:Sarah Theres Völkel:Jan Borchers	Each step of statistical analysis requires researchers to make decisions based on both statistical knowledge and the knowledge of their own data. For novice analysts, this is cognitively demanding and can lead to mistakes and misinterpretations of the results. We present Statsplorer, a software that helps novices learn and perform inferential statistical tests. It lets the user kick-start data analysis from their research questions. Statsplorer automatically tests necessary statistical assumptions and uses visualizations to guide the user in both selecting statistical tests and interpreting the results. We compared Statsplorer with a statistics lecture and investigated how Statsplorer prepares novices for learning statistics in an AB/BA crossover experiment. The results indicates that using Statsplorer prior to the lecture leads to significantly better test scores in understanding statistical assumptions and choosing appropriate statistical tests. Statsplorer is open-source and is available online at: http://hci.rwth-aachen.de/statsplorer.	Statsplorer: Guiding Novices in Statistical Analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Romain Vuillemot:Charles Perin	We introduce a novel time navigation technique to update ranking tables by direct manipulation. The technique allows users to drag a table's cells to change the time period, while a line chart overlays on top of the table to provide an overview of the changes. The line chart is also a visual hint to control the pace at which data are updated. We explore the design and usability of this technique for table variations in size, time spans and data variability. We report the results of a usability study, using academic citation rankings and economic complexity datasets, and discuss design implications coming with real-world scenarios such as missing data and affordance.	Investigating the Direct Manipulation of Ranking Tables for Time Navigation	NA:NA	2015
Justin Matejka:Fraser Anderson:George Fitzmaurice	Scatterplots are an effective and commonly used technique to show the relationship between two variables. However, as the number of data points increases, the chart suffers from "over-plotting" which obscures data points and makes the underlying distribution of the data difficult to discern. Reducing the opacity of the data points is an effective way to address over-plotting, however, setting the individual point opacity is a manual task performed by the chart designer. We present a user-driven model of opacity scaling for scatter plots built from crowd-sourced responses to opacity scaling tasks using several synthetic data distributions, and then test our model on a collection of real-world data sets.	Dynamic Opacity Optimization for Scatter Plots	NA:NA:NA	2015
Eric D. Ragan:John R. Goodall:Albert Tung	Visual history tools provide visual representations of the workflow during data analysis tasks. While there is an established need for reviewing analytic processes, and many visual history tools provide visualizations to do so, it is not well known how helpful the tools actually are for process recall. Through a controlled experiment, we evaluated how the presence of a visual history aid and varying levels of visual detail affect process memory. Participants conducted an analysis task using a visual text-document analysis tool. We evaluated their memories of the process both immediately after the analysis and then again one week later. Results showed that even visual history views with reduced data-resolution were effective for aiding process memory. Further, even without inclusion of any data in the visual history aids, the visual cues alone from the final workspace were enough to improve memory of the main themes of analyses.	Evaluating How Level of Detail of Visual History Affects Process Memory	NA:NA:NA	2015
Matt Jones	NA	Session details: Understanding Everyday Use of Mobile Phones	NA	2015
Carolynne Lord:Mike Hazas:Adrian K. Clear:Oliver Bates:Rosalind Whittam:Janine Morley:Adrian Friday	This paper empirically explores the role that mobile devices have come to play in everyday practice, and how this links to demand for network connectivity and online services. After a preliminary device-logging period, thirteen participants were interviewed about how they use their iPhones or iPads. Our findings build a picture of how, through use of such devices, a variety of daily practices have come to depend upon a working data connection, which sometimes surges, but is at least always a trickle. This aims to inform the sustainable design of applications, services and infrastructures for smartphones and tablets. By focusing our analysis in this way, we highlight a little-explored challenge for sustainable HCI and discuss ideas for (re)designing around the principle of 'light-weight' data 'needs'.	Demand in My Pocket: Mobile Devices and the Data Connectivity Marshalled in Support of Everyday Practice	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Juan Pablo Carrascal:Karen Church	When trying to satisfy an information need, smartphone users frequently transition from mobile search engines to mobile apps and vice versa. However, little is known about the nature of these transitions nor how mobile search and mobile apps interact. We report on a 2-week, mixed-method study involving 18 Android users, where we collected real-world mobile search and mobile app usage data alongside subjective insights on why certain interactions between apps and mobile search occur. Our results show that when people engage with mobile search they tend to interact with more mobile apps and for longer durations. We found that certain categories of apps are used more intensely alongside mobile search. Furthermore we found differences in app usage before and after mobile search and show how mobile app interactions can both prompt mobile search and enable users to take action. We conclude with a discussion on what these patterns mean for mobile search and how we might design mobile search experiences that take these app interactions into account.	An In-Situ Study of Mobile App & Mobile Search Interactions	NA:NA	2015
Frank R. Bentley:Ying-Yu Chen	Over the past decade, the mobile phonebook has evolved from a relatively short list of people that one calls and texts to a many-hundred person list of aggregated contacts from around the web. This is happening at a time when an increasing number of mobile applications are relying on the mobile phonebook to create one's social network in their services. Through a large-scale study of the phonebooks of 200 diverse participants, containing 65,940 contacts, we set out to understand today's mobile contact lists. Our participants reported that they did not recognize the names of 29% of their contacts and we found that the most frequently contacted five contacts represent greater than 80% of all calls and text messages with phonebook contacts. We conclude with implications for the design of mobile applications that rely on phonebook data.	The Composition and Use of Modern Mobile Phonebooks	NA:NA	2015
Enrico Rukzio	NA	Session details: GUI Size, Resolution & Layout	NA	2015
Khairi Reda:Andrew E. Johnson:Michael E. Papka:Jason Leigh	Large high-resolution displays are becoming increasingly common in research settings, providing data scientists with visual interfaces for the analysis of large datasets. Numerous studies have demonstrated unique perceptual and cognitive benefits afforded by these displays in visual analytics and information visualization tasks. However, the effects of these displays on knowledge discovery in exploratory visual analysis are still poorly understood. We present the results of a small-scale study to better understand how display size and resolution affect insight. Analyzing participants' verbal statements, we find preliminary evidence that larger displays with more pixels can significantly increase the number of discoveries reported during visual exploration, while yielding broader, more integrative insights. Furthermore, we find important differences in how participants performed the same visual exploration task using displays of varying sizes. We tie these results to extant work and propose explanations by considering the cognitive and interaction costs associated with visual exploration.	Effects of Display Size and Resolution on User Behavior and Insight Acquisition in Visual Exploration	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Lars Lischke:Sven Mayer:Katrin Wolf:Alireza Sahami Shirazi:Niels Henze	Pixel densities are increasing rapidly. We can observe this trend in particular for mobile devices like smartphones and tablets. Previous work revealed an effect of pixel density on subjective feedback and objective performance only for low resolution cathode ray tube screens. It is unclear if this effect persists for the four times higher pixel densities of current mobile devices. Therefore, we conducted a study to compare four pixel densities with 359, 180, 120, and 90 pixels per inch. While participants performed three tasks involving images, text and videos on a tablet, we measured perceived effort, perceived visual quality, task completion time, error rate, and body pose. Our results show that the effect of the pixel density highly depends on the content. We found that only for text, the four pixel densities have clearly different perceived media qualities. Pixel density seems to have a smaller effect on perceived media quality for images and videos and we found no effect on objective measures. Results show that text should be displayed in high resolution, while this is less important for images and videos.	Subjective and Objective Effects of Tablet's Pixel Density	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Sylvain Malacria:Jonathan Aceituno:Philip Quinn:Géry Casiez:Andy Cockburn:Nicolas Roussel	Edge-scrolling allows users to scroll a viewport while simultaneously dragging near or beyond a window's edge. Common implementations rely on rate control, mapping the distance between the pointer and the edge of the viewport to the scrolling velocity. While ubiquitous in operating systems, edge-scrolling has received little attention, even though previous works suggest that (1) rate control may be suboptimal for isotonic pointing devices like mice and trackpads and (2) space beyond the window's edge might be scarce, limiting scrolling control. To address these problems, we developed Push-edge scrolling (and Slide-edge scrolling, its inertial variant), two novel position-based techniques that allow scrolling by "pushing" against the viewport edge. A controlled experiment shows that our techniques reduce overshoots and offer performance improvements by up to 13% over traditional edge-scrolling.	Push-Edge and Slide-Edge: Scrolling by Pushing Against the Viewport Edge	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Maxime Guillon:François Leitner:Laurence Nigay	Target expansion techniques facilitate the pointing task by enlarging the effective sizes of targets. When the target expansion is applied to both the motor and visual spaces, the visual feedforward mechanism is key: Indeed it provides a visual aid to the user on the effective expanded targets prior to the execution or completion of the pointing task, enabling the user to take full advantage of the target expansion technique. Focusing on feedforward mechanisms, we introduce a design space that allows us to describe, classify and design target expansion techniques. To do so we first introduce and characterize the concept of atomic feedforward mechanism along three design axes. We then describe a target expansion technique as a combination of atomic feedforward mechanisms using a matrix-based notation. We provide an analytical exploration of the design space by classifying existing techniques and by designing six new techniques. We also provide a first experimental exploration of the design space in the context of distant pointing. The experimental protocol includes an innovative target layout for handling non-centroidal target expansion. The results show that feedforward dynamicity increases movement time and decreases subjective usability, while explicit expansion observability efficiently supports error prevention for distant pointing.	Investigating Visual Feedforward for Target Expansion Techniques	NA:NA:NA	2015
Pengfei Xu:Hongbo Fu:Chiew-Lan Tai:Takeo Igarashi	Many graphic applications rely on command-based arrangement tools to achieve precise layouts. Traditional tools are designed to operate on a single group of elements that are distributed consistently with the arrangement axis implied by a command. This often demands a process with repeated element selections and arrangement commands to achieve 2D layouts involving multiple rows and/or columns of well aligned and/or distributed elements. Our work aims to reduce the numbers of selection operation and command invocation, since such reductions are particularly beneficial to professional designers who design lots of layouts. Our key idea is that an issued arrangement command is in fact very informative, instructing how to automatically decompose a 2D layout into multiple 1D groups, each of which is compatible with the command. We present a parameter-free, command-driven grouping approach so that users can easily predict our grouping results. We also design a simple user interface with pushpins to enable explicit control of grouping and arrangement. Our user study confirms the intuitiveness of our technique and its performance improvement over traditional command-based arrangement tools.	GACA: Group-Aware Command-based Arrangement of Graphic Elements	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Konstantinos Kazakos	NA	Session details: Kids Social, Emotional & Special Needs	NA	2015
Petr Slovák:Ran Gilad-Bachrach:Geraldine Fitzpatrick	Social and emotional skills are crucial for all aspects of our everyday life. However, understanding how digital technology can facilitate the development and learning of such skills is yet an under-researched area in HCI. To start addressing this gap, this paper reports on a series of interviews and design workshops with the leading researchers and developers of 'Social and Emotional Learning' (SEL) curricula. SEL is a subfield of educational psychology with a long history of teaching such skills, and a range of evidence based curricula that are widely deployed in primary and secondary schools. We identify the shared challenges across existing curricula that digital technology might help address: the support for out-of-session learning, scaffolding for parental engagement, and feedback for the curricula developers. We argue how this presents an opportunity for mutually beneficial collaborations, with the potential for significant real-world impact of novel HCI systems, and can inform HCI work on supporting social and emotional skills development in other domains.	Designing Social and Emotional Skills Training: The Challenges and Opportunities for Technology Support	NA:NA:NA	2015
Elizabeth J. Carter:Jennifer Hyde	In recent decades, rates of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) have risen dramatically, and research into assistive technologies for this population has similarly escalated. For technology to be adopted, technologists need to communicate with practitioners across fields and match methodological and evaluation standards. We provide a set of recommendations for researchers to bridge the gap between fields and maximize the impact of their research, including instructions on how to identify and describe research participants and how to avoid research confounds and challenges specific to this population. We also advocate that researchers in ASD maintain a nimble, adaptable approach when performing experiments.	Designing Autism Research for Maximum Impact	NA:NA	2015
Tawfiq Ammari:Sarita Schoenebeck	Theories of empowerment explain how people gain personal and political control to take action to improve their lives. However, empowerment theories were developed prior to the Internet and fail to account for the speed and scale that people can find one another online. One domain where empowerment is critical is caring for children with special needs, in which parents are required to navigate a complex maze of services and processes to access care for their child. We conducted 43 interviews with parents of children with special needs to investigate whether using social media sites helps them to perform this caregiving work. Critically, parents are able to do this through almost real-time access to other parents on Facebook. This work introduces the concept of networked empowerment, that describes how parents find other parents, access resources, and explore new ways for promoting health advocacy among caregivers at a local and national level. We conclude with design implications for facilitating faster and better access to information and support for caregivers.	Networked Empowerment on Facebook Groups for Parents of Children with Special Needs	NA:NA	2015
Jeeeun Kim:Tom Yeh	Many children's books contain movable pictures with elements that can be physically opened, closed, pushed, pulled, spun, flipped, or swung. But these tangible, interactive reading experiences are inaccessible to children with visual impairments. This paper presents a set of 3D-printable models designed as building blocks for creating movable tactile pictures that can be touched, moved, and understood by children with visual impairments. Examples of these models are canvases, connectors, hinges, spinners, sliders, lifts, walls, and cutouts. They can be used to compose movable tactile pictures to convey a range of spatial concepts, such as in/out, up/down, and high/low. The design and development of these models were informed by three formative studies including 1) a survey on popular moving mechanisms in children's books and 3D-printed parts to implement them, 2) two workshops on the process creating movable tactile pictures by hand (e.g., Lego, Play-Doh), and 3) creation of wood-based prototypes and an informal testing on sighted preschoolers. Also, we propose a design language based on XML and CSS for specifying the content and structure of a movable tactile picture. Given a specification, our system can generate a 3D-printable model. We evaluate our approach by 1) transcribing six children's books, and 2) conducting six interviews on domain experts including four teachers for the visually impaired, one blind adult, two publishers at the National Braille Press, a renowned tactile artist, and a librarian.	Toward 3D-Printed Movable Tactile Pictures for Children with Visual Impairments	NA:NA	2015
Jan Derboven:Maarten Van Mechelen:Karin Slegers	We describe a multimodal method for the analysis of co-design outcomes in participatory design (PD) with children. The multimodal approach we take allows researchers to treat both verbal (notes, writings) and tangible material out-comes as complementary ways of communicating design ideas. We argue that an integrated approach in which both PD outcomes are compared and contrasted can result in a richer analysis, in which underlying values can be identified more clearly. To illustrate the method, we describe a PD process with primary school children.	Multimodal Analysis in Participatory Design with Children: A Primary School Case Study	NA:NA:NA	2015
Jan Derboven:Bieke Zaman:Jorick Vissers:David Geerts:Dirk De Grooff	We describe a study of Monkey Tales, an educational game targeted at primary school children. Starting from the assumption that all meaning is socially constructed, we focus our attention on the way an educational game, and its balance between fun and serious aspects, is constructed in public texts (game manufacturer's communication and game reviews) and in individual use (the way players and their parents talk about the game). Through an analysis of public texts and individual use, we show how the balance between the fun and the serious in Monkey Tales is constructed in different ways.	The Fun and the Serious in an Educational Game: The Monkey Tales Case	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
John Vines	NA	Session details: HCI for Civic Engagement	NA	2015
Mike Harding:Bran Knowles:Nigel Davies:Mark Rouncefield	There is a widespread belief that pervasive technologies will encourage and facilitate partnerships between citizens and civic authorities, enabling individuals to play a greater role in civic planning, service delivery and infrastructure management. However, at present sustained use and perceived value of civic engagement technologies remains low because the design space is poorly understood by system developers who focus almost exclusively on empowering citizens rather than adopting an informed, inclusive approach that addresses the needs of both citizens and civic authorities, and helps establish trusted relationships between these different stakeholders. We report on an extensive study of civic engagement in the domain of public infrastructure maintenance and provide insights into the civic management processes to support future design of trusted civic engagement interactions.	HCI, Civic Engagement & Trust	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Juho Kim:Eun-Young Ko:Jonghyuk Jung:Chang Won Lee:Nam Wook Kim:Jihee Kim	While a government budget determines how taxpayers' money is allocated to various programs and stakeholders that compete for limited resources, the extensiveness and complexity of the budget and its process hinder taxpayers from understanding the budget information and participating in the public discussion. To engage taxpayers in the public discussion around budgetary issues, we leverage news articles containing budgetary information for design opportunities. We present Factful, a web-based annotative article reading interface that enhances the article with fact-checking support and contextual budgetary information by processing open government data. In our lab study, participants using Factful discussed more critically with more fact-based supporting statements. They built a rich context surrounding the relevant budget facts beyond what was presented in the article. Factful presents a simple yet powerful model for supporting fact-oriented budgetary discussions online by leveraging open government data.	Factful: Engaging Taxpayers in the Public Discussion of a Government Budget	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Clara Crivellaro:Rob Comber:Martyn Dade-Robertson:Simon J. Bowen:Peter C. Wright:Patrick Olivier	We present a method for the situated discovery and articulation of issues at the intersection between the politics of place making and city planning. We describe the construction and use of designed tools, such as historical political archives; counterfactual maps; and cards to invite situated dialogue between the social and institutional practices and mechanisms that produce our cities. Grounded in an account of the political as vernacular and embodied, our analysis advance understandings on the politics of design, and on the complex interrelationship between places and political spaces. We outline how HCI can adopt methods and develop sensitivities to support democratic practices and publics envisioning their urban futures.	Contesting the City: Enacting the Political Through Digitally Supported Urban Walks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Alex S. Taylor:Siân Lindley:Tim Regan:David Sweeney:Vasillis Vlachokyriakos:Lillie Grainger:Jessica Lingel	We present findings from a year-long engagement with a street and its community. The work explores how the production and use of data is bound up with place, both in terms of physical and social geography. We detail three strands of the project. First, we consider how residents have sought to curate existing data about the street in the form of an archive with physical and digital components. Second, we report endeavours to capture data about the street's environment, especially of vehicle traffic. Third, we draw on the possibilities afforded by technologies for polling opinion. We reflect on how these engagements have: materialised distinctive relations between the community and their data; surfaced flows and contours of data, and spatial, temporal and social boundaries; and enacted a multiplicity of 'small worlds'. We consider how such a conceptualisation of data-in-place is relevant to the design of technology.	Data-in-Place: Thinking through the Relations Between Data and Community	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Alexander De Luca	NA	Session details: Security Feedback & Warnings	NA	2015
Serge Egelman:Eyal Peer	Despite the plethora of security advice and online education materials offered to end-users, there exists no standard measurement tool for end-user security behaviors. We present the creation of such a tool. We surveyed the most common computer security advice that experts offer to end-users in order to construct a set of Likert scale questions to probe the extent to which respondents claim to follow this advice. Using these questions, we iteratively surveyed a pool of 3,619 computer users to refine our question set such that each question was applicable to a large percentage of the population, exhibited adequate variance between respondents, and had high reliability (i.e., desirable psychometric properties). After performing both exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis, we identified a 16-item scale consisting of four sub-scales that measures attitudes towards choosing passwords, device securement, staying up-to-date, and proactive awareness.	Scaling the Security Wall: Developing a Security Behavior Intentions Scale (SeBIS)	NA:NA	2015
Bonnie Brinton Anderson:C. Brock Kirwan:Jeffrey L. Jenkins:David Eargle:Seth Howard:Anthony Vance	Research on security warnings consistently points to habituation as a key reason why users ignore security warnings. However, because habituation as a mental state is difficult to observe, previous research has examined habituation indirectly by observing its influence on security behaviors. This study addresses this gap by using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to open the "black box" of the brain to observe habituation as it develops in response to security warnings. Our results show a dramatic drop in the visual processing centers of the brain after only the second exposure to a warning, with further decreases with subsequent exposures. To combat the problem of habituation, we designed a polymorphic warning that changes its appearance. We show in two separate experiments using fMRI and mouse cursor tracking that our polymorphic warning is substantially more resistant to habituation than conventional warnings. Together, our neurophysiological findings illustrate the considerable influence of human biology on users' habituation to security warnings.	How Polymorphic Warnings Reduce Habituation in the Brain: Insights from an fMRI Study	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Adrienne Porter Felt:Alex Ainslie:Robert W. Reeder:Sunny Consolvo:Somas Thyagaraja:Alan Bettes:Helen Harris:Jeff Grimes	Browsers warn users when the privacy of an SSL/TLS connection might be at risk. An ideal SSL warning would empower users to make informed decisions and, failing that, guide confused users to safety. Unfortunately, users struggle to understand and often disregard real SSL warnings. We report on the task of designing a new SSL warning, with the goal of improving comprehension and adherence. We designed a new SSL warning based on recommendations from warning literature and tested our proposal with microsurveys and a field experiment. We ultimately failed at our goal of a well-understood warning. However, nearly 30% more total users chose to remain safe after seeing our warning. We attribute this success to opinionated design, which promotes safety with visual cues. Subsequently, our proposal was released as the new Google Chrome SSL warning. We raise questions about warning comprehension advice and recommend that other warning designers use opinionated design.	Improving SSL Warnings: Comprehension and Adherence	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Richard Shay:Lujo Bauer:Nicolas Christin:Lorrie Faith Cranor:Alain Forget:Saranga Komanduri:Michelle L. Mazurek:William Melicher:Sean M. Segreti:Blase Ur	Users often struggle to create passwords under strict requirements. To make this process easier, some providers present real-time feedback during password creation, indicating which requirements are not yet met. Other providers guide users through a multi-step password-creation process. Our 6,435-participant online study examines how feedback and guidance affect password security and usability. We find that real-time password-creation feedback can help users create strong passwords with fewer errors. We also find that although guiding participants through a three-step password-creation process can make creation easier, it may result in weaker passwords. Our results suggest that service providers should present password requirements with feedback to increase usability. However, the presentation of feedback and guidance must be carefully considered, since identical requirements can have different security and usability effects depending on presentation.	A Spoonful of Sugar?: The Impact of Guidance and Feedback on Password-Creation Behavior	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Marianna Obrist	NA	Session details: Wellness & Wearables	NA	2015
Jakob Tholander:Stina Nylander	We have conducted interviews with ten elite and recreational athletes to understand their experiences and engagement with endurance sport and personal and wearable sports technology. The athletes emphasized the experiential aspects of doing sports and the notion of feeling was repeatedly used to talk about their activities. Technology played both an instrumental role in measuring performance and feeding bio-data back to them, and an experiential role in supporting and enhancing the sport experience. To guide further interaction design research in the sports domain, we suggest two interrelated ways of looking at sports performances and experiences, firstly through the notion of a measured sense of performance, and secondly as a lived-sense of performance.	Snot, Sweat, Pain, Mud, and Snow: Performance and Experience in the Use of Sports Watches	NA:NA	2015
Misha Patel:Aisling Ann O'Kane	The use of wearable technology will become significantly more prevalent in the coming years, with major companies releasing devices such as the Samsung Gear Fit. With sensors, such as pedometers and heart rate monitors, embedded in these devices it is possible to use them for fitness purposes. However, little is known about how wearable adopters actually use wearable and existing technologies during exercise. In an exploratory situated study of technology use and non-use in the context of the gym, fitness informatics adopters showed varied practices related to distraction, appropriating technology into their routines, and information needs. We discuss this variance in relation to individual differences and the impact of the physical nature of the gym. Although further research might show other influencing factors such as the social context, we make a case for the use of situated studies to uncover tensions that lead to use and non-use of technology that arise in the different unfolding situations of using wearables in everyday life, including at the gym, which is a surprisingly complex context.	Contextual Influences on the Use and Non-Use of Digital Technology While Exercising at the Gym	NA:NA	2015
Rohit Ashok Khot:Jeewon Lee:Deepti Aggarwal:Larissa Hjorth:Florian 'Floyd' Mueller	In this paper, we introduce palatable representations that besides improving the understanding of physical activity through abstract visualization also provide an appetizing drink to celebrate the experience of being physically active. By designing such palatable representations, our aim is to offer novel opportunities for reflection on one's physical activities. We present TastyBeats, a fountain-based interactive system that creates a fluidic spectacle of mixing sport drinks based on heart rate data of physical activity, which the user can later consume to replenish the loss of body fluids due to the physical activity. We articulate our experiences in designing the system as well as learning gained through field deployments of the system in participants' homes for a period of two weeks. We found that our system increased participants' awareness of physical activity and facilitated a shared social experience, while the prepared drink was treated as a hedonic reward that motivated participants to exercise more. Ultimately, with this work, we aim to inspire and guide design thinking on palatable representations, which we believe opens up new interaction possibilities to support physical activity experience.	TastyBeats: Designing Palatable Representations of Physical Activity	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Ana Tajadura-Jiménez:Maria Basia:Ophelia Deroy:Merle Fairhurst:Nicolai Marquardt:Nadia Bianchi-Berthouze	An ever more sedentary lifestyle is a serious problem in our society. Enhancing people's exercise adherence through technology remains an important research challenge. We propose a novel approach for a system supporting walking that draws from basic findings in neuroscience research. Our shoe-based prototype senses a person's footsteps and alters in real-time the frequency spectra of the sound they produce while walking. The resulting sounds are consistent with those produced by either a lighter or heavier body. Our user study showed that modified walking sounds change one's own perceived body weight and lead to a related gait pattern. In particular, augmenting the high frequencies of the sound leads to the perception of having a thinner body and enhances the motivation for physical activity inducing a more dynamic swing and a shorter heel strike. We here discuss the opportunities and the questions our findings open.	As Light as your Footsteps: Altering Walking Sounds to Change Perceived Body Weight, Emotional State and Gait	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Martin Halvey	NA	Session details: Task Interruption & Resumption	NA	2015
Alexander Mariakakis:Mayank Goel:Md Tanvir Islam Aumi:Shwetak N. Patel:Jacob O. Wobbrock	Smartphones and tablets are often used in dynamic environments that force users to break focus and attend to their surroundings, creating a form of "situational impairment." Current mobile devices have no ability to sense when users divert or restore their attention, let alone provide support for resuming tasks. We therefore introduce SwitchBack, a system that allows mobile device users to resume tasks more efficiently. SwitchBack is built upon Focus and Saccade Tracking (FAST), which uses the front-facing camera to determine when the user is looking and how their eyes are moving across the screen. In a controlled study, we found that FAST can identify how many lines the user has read in a body of text within a mean absolute percent error of just 3.9%. We then tested SwitchBack in a dual focus-of-attention task, finding that SwitchBack improved average reading speed by 7.7% in the presence of distractions.	SwitchBack: Using Focus and Saccade Tracking to Guide Users' Attention for Mobile Task Resumption	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jaemin Jo:Bohyoung Kim:Jinwook Seo	In this paper, we present gaze-based bookmarking, EyeBookmark, to mitigate the deleterious effect of interruption during reading. The key idea of EyeBookmark is to provide a visual cue to help people decide where to resume reading. We design four highlighting methods and conduct a controlled user study with a proof-of-concept design to verify the usefulness of EyeBookmark. The user study demonstrates not only that participants preferred our highlighting methods but also that such highlighting methods significantly reduced the time taken to resume reading after interruption regardless of the difficulty of text.	EyeBookmark: Assisting Recovery from Interruption during Reading	NA:NA:NA	2015
Danielle M. Lottridge:Christine Rosakranse:Catherine S. Oh:Sean J. Westwood:Katherine A. Baldoni:Abrey S. Mann:Clifford I. Nass	Chronic multitaskers perform worse on core multitasking skills: memory management, cognitive filtering and task switching, likely due to their inability to filter irrelevant stimuli [17]. Our experiment examines effects of chronic multitasking with task-relevant and irrelevant distractors on analytical writing quality. We found a general switch cost and, when controlling for that cost, effects of chronic multitasking habits: heavy multitaskers write worse essays in the irrelevant condition and better essays in the relevant condition. Our study changes multitasking research paradigms in two fundamental ways: it studied a realistic writing scenario including access to both irrelevant and relevant distractors. We found that the effect of chronic multitasking is complex; heavy multitaskers are seduced by unrelated distractors but able to integrate multiple sources of relevant information.	The Effects of Chronic Multitasking on Analytical Writing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jelmer P. Borst:Niels A. Taatgen:Hedderik van Rijn	In this paper we present a computational cognitive model of task interruption and resumption, focusing on the effects of the problem state bottleneck. Previous studies have shown that the disruptiveness of interruptions is for an important part determined by three factors: interruption duration, interrupting-task complexity, and moment of interruption. However, an integrated theory of these effects is still missing. Based on previous research into multitasking, we propose a first step towards such a theory in the form of a process model that attributes these effects to problem state requirements of both the interrupted and the interrupting task. Subsequently, we tested two predictions of this model in two experiments. The experiments confirmed that problem state requirements are an important predictor for the disruptiveness of interruptions. This suggests that interfaces should be designed to a) interrupt users at low-problem state moments and b) maintain the problem state for the user when interrupted.	What Makes Interruptions Disruptive?: A Process-Model Account of the Effects of the Problem State Bottleneck on Task Interruption and Resumption	NA:NA:NA	2015
Manuela Züger:Thomas Fritz	Interruptions of knowledge workers are common and can cause a high cost if they happen at inopportune moments. With recent advances in psycho-physiological sensors and their link to cognitive and emotional states, we are interested whether such sensors might be used to measure interruptibility of a knowledge worker. In a lab and a field study with a total of twenty software developers, we examined the use of psycho-physiological sensors in a real-world context. The results show that a Naive Bayes classifier based on psycho-physiological features can be used to automatically assess states of a knowledge worker's interruptibility with high accuracy in the lab as well as in the field. Our results demonstrate the potential of these sensors to avoid expensive interruptions in a real-world context. Based on brief interviews, we further discuss the usage of such an interruptibility measure and interruption support for software developers.	Interruptibility of Software Developers and its Prediction Using Psycho-Physiological Sensors	NA:NA	2015
Patrick Baudisch	NA	Session details: Using Random Body Parts for Input	NA	2015
Martin Weigel:Tong Lu:Gilles Bailly:Antti Oulasvirta:Carmel Majidi:Jürgen Steimle	We propose iSkin, a novel class of skin-worn sensors for touch input on the body. iSkin is a very thin sensor overlay, made of biocompatible materials, and is flexible and stretchable. It can be produced in different shapes and sizes to suit various locations of the body such as the finger, forearm, or ear. Integrating capacitive and resistive touch sensing, the sensor is capable of detecting touch input with two levels of pressure, even when stretched by 30% or when bent with a radius of 0.5cm. Furthermore, iSkin supports single or multiple touch areas of custom shape and arrangement, as well as more complex widgets, such as sliders and click wheels. Recognizing the social importance of skin, we show visual design patterns to customize functional touch sensors and allow for a visually aesthetic appearance. Taken together, these contributions enable new types of on-body devices. This includes finger-worn devices, extensions to conventional wearable devices, and touch input stickers, all fostering direct, quick, and discreet input for mobile computing.	iSkin: Flexible, Stretchable and Visually Customizable On-Body Touch Sensors for Mobile Computing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Liwei Chan:Chi-Hao Hsieh:Yi-Ling Chen:Shuo Yang:Da-Yuan Huang:Rong-Hao Liang:Bing-Yu Chen	This paper presents Cyclops, a single-piece wearable device that sees its user's whole body postures through an ego-centric view of the user that is obtained through a fisheye lens at the center of the user's body, allowing it to see only the user's limbs and interpret body postures effectively. Unlike currently available body gesture input systems that depend on external cameras or distributed motion sensors across the user's body, Cyclops is a single-piece wearable device that is worn as a pendant or a badge. The main idea proposed in this paper is the observation of limbs from a central location of the body. Owing to the ego-centric view, Cyclops turns posture recognition into a highly controllable computer vision problem. This paper demonstrates a proof-of-concept device, and an algorithm for recognizing static and moving bodily gestures based on motion history images (MHI) and a random decision forest (RDF). Four example applications of interactive bodily workout, a mobile racing game that involves hands and feet, a full-body virtual reality system, and interaction with a tangible toy are presented. The experiment on the bodily workout demonstrates that, from a database of 20 body workout gestures that were collected from 20 participants, Cyclops achieved a recognition rate of 79% using MHI and simple template matching, which increased to 92% with the more advanced machine learning approach of RDF.	Cyclops: Wearable and Single-Piece Full-Body Gesture Input Devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Christian Holz:Senaka Buthpitiya:Marius Knaust	Recent mobile phones integrate fingerprint scanners to authenticate users biometrically and replace passwords, making authentication more convenient for users. However, due to their cost, capacitive fingerprint scanners have been limited to top-of-the-line phones, a result of the required resolution and quality of the sensor. We present Bodyprint, a biometric authentication system that detects users' biometric features using the same type of capacitive sensing, but uses the touchscreen as the image sensor instead. While the input resolution of a touchscreen is ~6 dpi, the surface area is larger, allowing the touch sensor to scan users' body parts, such as ears, fingers, fists, and palms by pressing them against the display. Bodyprint compensates for the low input resolution with an increased false rejection rate, but does not compromise on authentication precision: In our evaluation with 12 participants, Bodyprint classified body parts with 99.98% accuracy and identifies users with 99.52% accuracy with a retry likelihood of 26.82% to prevent false positives, thereby bringing reliable biometric user authentication to a vast number of commodity devices.	Bodyprint: Biometric User Identification on Mobile Devices Using the Capacitive Touchscreen to Scan Body Parts	NA:NA:NA	2015
Hsin-Liu (Cindy) Kao:Artem Dementyev:Joseph A. Paradiso:Chris Schmandt	We present NailO, a nail-mounted gestural input surface. Using capacitive sensing on printed electrodes, the interface can distinguish on-nail finger swipe gestures with high accuracy (>92%). NailO works in real-time: we miniaturized the system to fit on the fingernail, while wirelessly transmitting the sensor data to a mobile phone or PC. NailO allows one-handed and always-available input, while being unobtrusive and discrete. Inspired by commercial nail stickers, the device blends into the user's body, is customizable, fashionable and even removable. We show example applications of using the device as a remote controller when hands are busy and using the system to increase the input space of mobile phones.	NailO: Fingernails as an Input Surface	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Koumei Fukahori:Daisuke Sakamoto:Takeo Igarashi	We propose subtle foot-based gestures named foot plantar-based (FPB) gestures that are used with sock-placed pressure sensors. In this system, the user can control a computing device by changing his or her foot plantar distributions, e.g., pressing the floor with his/her toe. Because such foot movement is subtle, it is suitable for use especially in a public space such as a crowded train. In this study, we first conduct a guessability study to design a user-defined gesture set for interaction with a computing device. Then, we implement a gesture recognizer with a machine learning technique. To avoid unexpected gesture activations, we also collect foot plantar pressure patterns made during daily activities such as walking, as negative training data. Additionally, we evaluate the unobservability of FPB gestures by using crowdsourcing. Finally, we conclude with several applications to further illustrate the utility of FPB gestures.	Exploring Subtle Foot Plantar-based Gestures with Sock-placed Pressure Sensors	NA:NA:NA	2015
Jacob Robert	NA	Session details: Brain & Physiological Data use for HCI	NA	2015
Stephen H. Fairclough:Alexander J. Karran:Kiel Gilleade	The accurate classification of psychophysiological data is an important determinant of the quality when interacting with a physiological computing system. Previous research has focused on classification accuracy of psychophysiological data in purely mathematical terms but little is known about how accuracy metrics relate to users' perceptions of accuracy during real-time interaction. A group of 14 participants watched a series of movie trailers and were asked to subjectively indicate their level of interest in a binary high/low fashion. Psychophysiological data (EEG, ECG and SCL) were used to create a binary classification of interest via a Support Vector Machine (SVM) algorithm. After a period of training, participants received real-time feedback from the classification algorithm and perceptions of accuracy were assessed. The purpose of the study was to compare mathematical classification accuracy with the perceived accuracy of the system as experienced by the users. Results indicated that perceived accuracy was subject to a number of psychological biases resulting from expectations, entrainment and development of trust. The F1 score was generally a significant predictor of perceived accuracy.	Classification Accuracy from the Perspective of the User: Real-Time Interaction with Physiological Computing	NA:NA:NA	2015
Horia A. Maior:Matthew Pike:Sarah Sharples:Max L. Wilson	Recent efforts have shown that functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) has potential value for brain sensing in HCI user studies. Research has shown that, although large head movement significantly affects fNIRS data, typical keyboard use, mouse movement, and non-task-related verbalisations do not affect measurements during Verbal tasks. This work aims to examine the Reliability of fNIRS, by 1) confirming these prior findings, and 2) significantly extending our understanding of how artefacts affect recordings during Spatial tasks, since much of user interfaces and interaction is inherently spatial. Our results show that artefacts have a significantly different impact during Verbal and Spatial tasks. We contribute clearer insights into using fNIRS as a tool within HCI user studies.	Examining the Reliability of Using fNIRS in Realistic HCI Settings for Spatial and Verbal Tasks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Feng Tian	NA	Session details: Software Engineering Tools	NA	2015
Catherine M. Baker:Lauren R. Milne:Richard E. Ladner	It can be difficult for a blind developer to understand and navigate through a large amount of code quickly, as they are unable to skim as easily as their sighted counterparts. To help blind developers overcome this problem, we present StructJumper, an Eclipse plugin that creates a hierarchical tree based on the nesting structure of a Java class. The programmer can use the TreeView to get an overview of the code structure of the class (including all the methods and control flow statements) and can quickly switch between the TreeView and the Text Editor to get an idea of where they are within the nested structure. To evaluate StructJumper, we had seven blind programmers complete three tasks with and without our tool. We found that the users thought they would use StructJumper and there was a trend that they were faster completing the tasks with StructJumper.	StructJumper: A Tool to Help Blind Programmers Navigate and Understand the Structure of Code	NA:NA:NA	2015
Jibin Ou:Martin Vechev:Otmar Hilliges	Data structure algorithms are of fundamental importance in teaching and software development, yet are difficult to understand. We propose a new approach for understanding, debugging and developing heap manipulating data structures. The key technical idea of our work is to combine deep parametric abstraction techniques emerging from the area of static analysis with interactive abstraction manipulation. Our approach bridges program analysis with HCI and enables new capabilities not possible before: i) online automatic visualization of the data structure in a way which captures its essential operation, thus enabling powerful local reasoning, and ii) fine grained pen and touch gestures allowing for interactive control of the abstraction -- at any point the developer can pause the program, graphically interact with the data, and continue program execution. These features address some of the most pressing challenges in developing data structures. We implemented our approach in a Java-based system called FluiEdt and evaluated it with $27$ developers. The results indicate that FluiEdt is more effective in helping developers find data structure errors than existing state of the art IDEs (e.g. Eclipse) or pure visualization based approaches.	An Interactive System for Data Structure Development	NA:NA:NA	2015
Sorin Lerner:Stephen R. Foster:William G. Griswold	We present a novel block-based UI called Polymorphic Blocks, in which a connector's shape visually represents the structure of the data being passed through the connector. We use Polymorphic Blocks to add visual type information to block-based programming environments like Blockly or Scratch. We also use Polymorphic Blocks to represent logical proofs. In this context, if we erase all symbols, our UI becomes a puzzle game, where solving the puzzle amounts to building a proof. We show through a user study that our Logical Puzzle Game is faster, more fun, and more engaging than an equivalent pen-and-paper interface.	Polymorphic Blocks: Formalism-Inspired UI for Structured Connectors	NA:NA:NA	2015
David Geerts	NA	Session details: HCI at Home	NA	2015
Audrey Desjardins:Ron Wakkary:William Odom	The home and domestic experiences have been studied from multiple points of view and disciplines, with an array of methodologies in the past twenty-five years in HCI. Given the attention to the home and the volume of research, what further areas of research might there be? Based on a critical analysis of 121 works on the topic, we present seven genres of domestic technology research in HCI: social routines in the home, ongoing domestic practices, the home as a testing ground, smart homes, contested values of a home, the home as a site for interpretation, and speculative visions of the home. We articulate dominant research perspectives in HCI, and we offer two complementary perspectives about how to investigate the domestic experience in future research: the material perspective and the first person perspective.	Investigating Genres and Perspectives in HCI Research on the Home	NA:NA:NA	2015
Ryan Brotman:Winslow Burleson:Jodi Forlizzi:William Heywood:Jisoo Lee	This paper presents the constructive design research (CDR) of smart domestic environments comprised of smart home infrastructure, smart domestic artifacts and digital services. CDR is an approach that focuses on imagining futures and learning through the making and testing of prototypes to construct new knowledge about how people engage with the world. While the body of research on smart domestic environments includes a wealth of human-centered research, the use of CDR is marginal. Our work demonstrates how such a process engages residents in activities to imagine why people might value smart domestic environments and how they might want to interact with them. Through goal setting activities, paper prototyping, and field-testing of resident designed technology probes, we present use cases, design principles and experiential insights. After sharing these findings, we introduce the emergence of smart domestic environments as possessing persuasive, personified and artful qualities.	Building Change: Constructive Design of Smart Domestic Environments for Goal Achievement	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Marshini Chetty:Hyojoon Kim:Srikanth Sundaresan:Sam Burnett:Nick Feamster:W. Keith Edwards	Internet Service Providers (ISPs) have introduced "data caps", or quotas on the amount of data that a customer can download during a billing cycle. Under this model, Internet users who reach a data cap can be subject to degraded performance, extra fees, or even temporary interruption of Internet service. For this reason, users need better visibility into and control over their Internet usage to help them understand what uses up data and control how these quotas are reached. In this paper, we present the design and implementation of a tool, called uCap, to help home users manage Internet data. We conducted a field trial of uCap in 21 home networks in three countries and performed an in-depth qualitative study of ten of these homes. We present the results of the evaluation and implications for the design of future Internet data management tools.	uCap: An Internet Data Management Tool For The Home	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Timothy Neate:Matt Jones:Michael Evans	There is increasing interest in providing content to users on secondary devices while they watch TV. This material, termed companion content, can be anything from textual information, to interactive quiz games. It can be delivered throughout a broadcast and often directly relates to specific scenes in a show. This new scenario has exposed a challenging design space for creators of both the content and the enabling technology. A key question when introducing content on a secondary device is how much it detracts from, or enhances, the show the user is currently engaged with. To examine this, we investigated methods for mediating attention from the TV and onto a secondary device. By examining a typical use case we have been able to gain new insights into how best to design additional stimuli to alert users to companion content from both a broadcasting, and an HCI perspective.	Mediating Attention for Second Screen Companion Content	NA:NA:NA	2015
Andres Monroy-Hernandez	NA	Session details: Voting & Volunteerism	NA	2015
Youyang Hou:Cliff Lampe	Social media sites are increasingly adopted by small nonprofit organizations (NPOs) to help them meet their public engagement goals. However, several characteristics of small organizations make it hard for them to effectively use social media sites. We present findings from interviews with 26 small NPOs' social media professionals on how they use multiple social media sites to support public engagement. Small NPOs use multiple social media sites to engage with different stakeholders toward various ends. However, these NPOs are not using social media to its full potential with regard to community-building and action mobilization. Several challenges in small NPOs, such as ineffective measurement of social media performance, deficient organizational resources, and lack of control over work, lead to strong tensions between social media engagement strategies and outcomes. Drawing on these findings, we present several practical implications for the design of successful public engagement social media tools.	Social Media Effectiveness for Public Engagement: Example of Small Nonprofits	NA:NA	2015
Sunyoung Kim:Jennifer Mankoff:Eric Paulos	Volunteer campaigns for data collection make it possible for non-profit organizations to extend their ability to monitor and respond to critical environmental and societal issues. Yet mobile data collection technologies that have the potential to lower the costs and increase the accuracy of volunteer-collected data are not commonly used in these campaigns. In this paper we conduct a series of studies that reveal the complex issues affecting technology adoption in this domain. First, we surveyed and interviewed existing volunteering campaigns to map out current technology usage within volunteer campaigns. Next, we provided two organizations with a customizable tool for data collection (Sensr) and studied its use and non-use across six real volunteer-driven campaigns over six months. Our study explored success and failure across the first few phases of the campaign lifecycle (campaign creation, initial deployment, and adoption). Our results highlight the impact of resource constraints, cognitive factors, the depth of volunteer engagement, and stakeholders' perspective on technology as important factors contributing to the adoption and usage of mobile data collection technologies. We use these findings to argue for specific design features to accelerate the adoption and use of such tools in volunteer data collection campaigns.	Exploring Barriers to the Adoption of Mobile Technologies for Volunteer Data Collection Campaigns	NA:NA:NA	2015
Lisa Koeman:Vaiva Kalnikaité:Yvonne Rogers	The deployment of technology interventions, such as public displays and mobile apps, in community settings has been found to engage people in sharing and comparing their opinions. Our research is concerned with how to extend this to community-wide participation by devising and deploying multiple voting devices and visualisations. We present an in-the-wild study where a number of shopkeepers along a street participated by placing a novel voting device in their shops to collect locals' opinions. Results were displayed outside the shops, on the pavement. This distributed set-up was found to promote public debate on local issues, particularly around the perceived divide between people on either end of the street. We outline our design process and describe the impact of distributing voting devices and situated visualisations in a local community. \	"Everyone Is Talking about It!": A Distributed Approach to Urban Voting Technology and Visualisations	NA:NA:NA	2015
Nina Boulus-Rødje:Pernille Bjorn	This paper identifies the design challenges for creating collaborative technologies supporting the practices of organizing elections. We ethnographically investigate the distributed nature of knowledge as enacted between heterogeneous groups over the course of three elections in Denmark. We 1) identify fundamental characteristics of elections, 2) provide a comprehensive account of the distributed nature of knowledge in organizing and executing elections, and 3) point to new challenging areas for human-computer interaction (HCI) design supporting distributed collaborative knowledge practices. We found that organizational pattern of elections complicates the embodiment of nomadic knowledge, which is crucial for managing the effective organization of an election. Thus, one of the relevant design challenges is finding out how to support the timely distribution of large amounts of information, while still ensuring it is appropriately divided and delivered to various groups participating in planning and executing elections.	Design Challenges in Supporting Distributed Knowledge: An Examination of Organizing Elections	NA:NA	2015
Liang Gou	NA	Session details: Socio-Political Interactions	NA	2015
Kathleen H. Pine:Max Liboiron	Contemporary decisions about the management of populations, public services, security, and the environment are increasingly made through knowledge gleaned from "big data" and its attendant infrastructures and algorithms. Though often described as "raw," this data is produced by techniques of measurement that are imbued with judgments and values that dictate what is counted and what is not, what is considered the best unit of measurement, and how different things are grouped together and "made" into a measureable entity. In this paper, we analyze these politics of measurement and how they relate to action through two case studies involving high stake public health measurements where experts intentionally leverage measurement to change definitions of harm and health. That is, they use measurement for activism. The case studies offer a framework for thinking about of how the politics of measurement are present in user interfaces. It is usually assumed that the human element has been scrubbed from the database and that significant political and subjective interventions come from the analysis or use of data after the fact. Instead, we argue that human-computer interactions start before the data reaches the computer because various measurement interfaces are the invisible premise of data and databases, and these measurements are political.	The Politics of Measurement and Action	NA:NA	2015
David Philip Green:Simon J. Bowen:Christopher Newell:Guy Schofield:Tom Bartindale:Clara Crivellaro:Alia Sheikh:Peter Wright:Patrick Olivier	We conducted a study to explore the values and qualities of 'grassroots documentaries', framed around the production of two parallel documentary films with a London-based opera company. A team of professional filmmakers produced one film and the other was an exploratory form of grassroots documentary. We studied the different production activities through observations, interviews and a reflective workshop at the end of the study and evaluated the resulting films. Our analysis reveals critical insights that could inform the next generation of technological systems to support user-generated video content (UGVC) production, particularly in collaborative contexts such as grassroots communities.	Beyond Participatory Production: Digitally Supporting Grassroots Documentary	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Bryan Semaan:Heather Faucett:Scott P. Robertson:Misa Maruyama:Sara Douglas	Little is known about the challenges and successes people face when piecing together multiple social media to interact in the online public sphere when: seeking information, disseminating information, and engaging in political discussions. We interviewed 29 US citizens and conducted 17 talk-out-loud sessions with people who were using one or more social media technologies, such as Facebook and Twitter, to interact in the online public sphere. We identified a number of challenges and workarounds related to public sphere interactions, and used our findings to formulate requirements for new political environments that support the interactions in the public sphere. Through evolving requirements generation, we developed a new political deliberation technology, dubbed Poli, which is an integrated social media environment with the potential to enable more effective interactions in the public sphere. We discuss several remaining questions and limitations to our tool that will drive future work.	Designing Political Deliberation Environments to Support Interactions in the Public Sphere	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Phil Brooker:John Vines:Selina Sutton:Julie Barnett:Tom Feltwell:Shaun Lawson	This paper presents an empirical investigation of how people appropriated Twitter for socio-political talk in response to a television (TV) portrayal of people supported by state welfare and benefits. Our findings reveal how online discussion during, and in-between, TV broadcasts was characterised by distinctly different qualities, topics and user behaviours. These findings offer design opportunities for social media services to (i) support more balanced real-time commentaries of politically-charged media, (ii) actively promote discussion to continue after, and between, programming; and (iii) incorporate different motivations and attitudes towards socio-political concerns, as well as different practices of communicating those concerns. We contribute to the developing HCI literature on how social media intersects with political and civic engagement and specifically highlight the ways in which Twitter interacts with other forms of media as a site of everyday socio-political talk and debate.	Debating Poverty Porn on Twitter: Social Media as a Place for Everyday Socio-Political Talk	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Mary Czerwinski	NA	Session details: Understanding Health through Online Behavior	NA	2015
Sho Tsugawa:Yusuke Kikuchi:Fumio Kishino:Kosuke Nakajima:Yuichi Itoh:Hiroyuki Ohsaki	In this paper, we extensively evaluate the effectiveness of using a user's social media activities for estimating degree of depression. As ground truth data, we use the results of a web-based questionnaire for measuring degree of depression of Twitter users. We extract several features from the activity histories of Twitter users. By leveraging these features, we construct models for estimating the presence of active depression. Through experiments, we show that (1) features obtained from user activities can be used to predict depression of users with an accuracy of 69%, (2) topics of tweets estimated with a topic model are useful features, (3) approximately two months of observation data are necessary for recognizing depression, and longer observation periods do not contribute to improving the accuracy of estimation for current depression; sometimes, longer periods worsen the accuracy.	Recognizing Depression from Twitter Activity	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Sofiane Abbar:Yelena Mejova:Ingmar Weber	Food is an integral part of our lives, cultures, and well-being, and is of major interest to public health. The collection of daily nutritional data involves keeping detailed diaries or periodic surveys and is limited in scope and reach. Alternatively, social media is infamous for allowing its users to update the world on the minutiae of their daily lives, including their eating habits. In this work we examine the potential of Twitter to provide insight into US-wide dietary choices by linking the tweeted dining experiences of 210K users to their interests, demographics, and social networks. We validate our approach by relating the caloric values of the foods mentioned in the tweets to the state-wide obesity rates, achieving a Pearson correlation of 0.77 across the 50 US states and the District of Columbia. We then build a model to predict county-wide obesity and diabetes statistics based on a combination of demographic variables and food names mentioned on Twitter. Our results show significant improvement over previous CHI research (Culotta 2014). We further link this data to societal and economic factors, such as education and income, illustrating that areas with higher education levels tweet about food that is significantly less caloric. Finally, we address the somewhat controversial issue of the social nature of obesity (Christakis & Fowler 2007) by inducing two social networks using mentions and reciprocal following relationships.	You Tweet What You Eat: Studying Food Consumption Through Twitter	NA:NA:NA	2015
Felicia Cordeiro:Elizabeth Bales:Erin Cherry:James Fogarty	Food choices are among the most frequent and important health decisions in everyday life, but remain notoriously difficult to capture. This work examines opportunities for lightweight photo-based capture in mobile food journals. We first report on a survey of 257 people, examining how they define healthy eating, their experiences and challenges with existing food journaling methods, and their ability to interpret nutritional information that can be captured in a food journal. We then report on interviews and a field study with 27 participants using a lightweight, photo-based food journal for between 4 to 8 weeks. We discuss mismatches between motivations and current designs, challenges of current approaches to food journaling, and opportunities for photos as an alternative to the pervasive but often inappropriate emphasis on quantitative tracking in mobile food journals.	Rethinking the Mobile Food Journal: Exploring Opportunities for Lightweight Photo-Based Capture	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Lena Mamykina:Drashko Nakikj:Noemie Elhadad	Online health communities collect vast amounts of information and opinions in regards to health and wellness management. However, these opinions are usually stored within lengthy and loosely structured discussion threads; synthesizing information in these threads can be challenging. In this mixed-methods study, grounded in the theoretical perspective of collective sensemaking, we examined patterns of communication within an online diabetes community TuDiabetes. The results of the study suggest that members of TuDiabetes often construct shared meaning through deep discussions, back and forth negotiation of perspectives, and resolution of conflicts in opinions. However, unlike participants of other sensemaking communities, members of TuDiabetes often value multiplicity of opinions rather than consensus. We use study results to draw implications for the design of computing platforms for facilitating collective sensemaking that promote construction of shared knowledge yet embrace diversity of opinions.	Collective Sensemaking in Online Health Forums	NA:NA:NA	2015
Bongshin Lee	NA	Session details: Natural User Interfaces for InfoVis	NA	2015
Yvonne Jansen:Pierre Dragicevic:Petra Isenberg:Jason Alexander:Abhijit Karnik:Johan Kildal:Sriram Subramanian:Kasper Hornbæk	Physical representations of data have existed for thousands of years. Yet it is now that advances in digital fabrication, actuated tangible interfaces, and shape-changing displays are spurring an emerging area of research that we call Data Physicalization. It aims to help people explore, understand, and communicate data using computer-supported physical data representations. We call these representations physicalizations, analogously to visualizations -- their purely visual counterpart. In this article, we go beyond the focused research questions addressed so far by delineating the research area, synthesizing its open challenges and laying out a research agenda.	Opportunities and Challenges for Data Physicalization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Faisal Taher:John Hardy:Abhijit Karnik:Christian Weichel:Yvonne Jansen:Kasper Hornbæk:Jason Alexander	Visualizations such as bar charts help users reason about data, but are mostly screen-based, rarely physical, and almost never physical and dynamic. This paper investigates the role of physically dynamic bar charts and evaluates new interactions for exploring and working with datasets rendered in dynamic physical form. To facilitate our exploration we constructed a 10x10 interactive bar chart and designed interactions that supported fundamental visualisation tasks, specifically; annotation, filtering, organization, and navigation. The interactions were evaluated in a user study with 17 participants. Our findings identify the preferred methods of working with the data for each task i.e. directly tapping rows to hide bars, highlight the strengths and limitations of working with physical data, and discuss the challenges of integrating the proposed interactions together into a larger data exploration system. In general, physical interactions were intuitive, informative, and enjoyable, paving the way for new explorations in physical data visualizations.	Exploring Interactions with Physically Dynamic Bar Charts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Simon Stusak:Jeannette Schwarz:Andreas Butz	Physical Visualizations are currently mostly used in casual contexts, e.g., as artistic data sculptures. However, their measurable benefits for traditional information visualization are largely unexplored. As a step in this direction, we compared the memorability of physical visualizations to that of digital visualizations. We conducted a user study with 40 participants in which we measured the recall of three types of information immediately after exploration and with a delay of two weeks. The results show that the physical visualization led to significantly less information decay within this time span. Our results build on known effects from cognitive psychology and provide a first indicator for measurable benefits of physical visualizations regarding memorability.	Evaluating the Memorability of Physical Visualizations	NA:NA:NA	2015
Alvitta Ottley:Huahai Yang:Remco Chang	Individual differences matter. While this has been the theme for many recent works in the Visualization and HCI communities, the mystery of how to develop personalized visualizations remains. This is largely because very little is known about how users actually use visualizations to solve problems and even less is known about how individual differences affect these problem-solving strategies. In this paper, we provide evidence that strategies are indeed influenced by individual differences. We demonstrate how the personality trait locus of control impacts strategies on hierarchical visualizations, and we introduce design recommendations for personalized visualizations.	Personality as a Predictor of User Strategy: How Locus of Control Affects Search Strategies on Tree Visualizations	NA:NA:NA	2015
Theophanis Tsandilas:Anastasia Bezerianos:Thibaut Jacob	We introduce a mobile sketching interface for exploring multi-dimensional datasets on wall displays. We demonstrate the idea of SketchSliders, range sliders that users can freely sketch on a mobile surface to customize their exploration. A small combination of sketches and gestures allows the creation of complex interactive sliders, such as circular sliders for periodic data, slider branches for detailed interaction, and fisheye transformation sliders. We augment sliders with a suite of tools, such as markers, slider cursors, and approximate views of data distributions. Our designs are inspired by a design study with three visualization experts and validated through a user study with six experts using our system. Our findings indicate that our sketching interface accommodates a wide range of exploration strategies, helping users customize as well as focus their visual explorations.	SketchSliders: Sketching Widgets for Visual Exploration on Wall Displays	NA:NA:NA	2015
Benjamin Hanrahan	NA	Session details: UX Methods 4	NA	2015
Anke Dittmar:Maximilian Hensch	The persona approach is often treated as a single user-centered design method, but there are variations and adaptations for different design contexts which go beyond local customization. The paper discusses a set of dimensions and success criteria for describing the different persona uses, presenting a new framework. It then specifically investigates personas in the context of end-user development. Professional designers need to consider the design space for potential end-user tools. In addition they need to understand that their users are often designers themselves (they are designer-users), requiring that they also consider the design spaces of their users. Two-level personas are introduced to make professional designers more aware of such nested design spaces. A two-level persona consists of one first-level persona and a set of second-level personas to additionally represent complex designer-user relationships. The effectiveness of the approach is investigated in an exploratory empirical study. The results suggest that two-level personas add value when designing end-user design tools.	Two-Level Personas for Nested Design Spaces	NA:NA	2015
Michael F. Clarke	This study concerns the practical methods used to design segmentation models for digital advertising. I illuminate some of the collaborative activities workers rely on to create these web analytics based groupings. This work remains overlooked as the popularity of automation and statistical methods for segmenting customers continues to grow. I explain some of the ways the advertising customer is present as a background expectancy while workers make segment composition decisions. This approach is meant to complement established evaluative, technical, and statistical methods used to create segments and personas in design and marketing. This may inspire similar approaches to designing for specific groups of people while working with large data sets. Incorporating these customer-orienting practices in design and advertising processes could lead to novel approaches for both segment targeting and customer relationship management (CRM) software.	The Work of Mad Men that Makes the Methods of Math Men Work: Practically Occasioned Segment Design	NA	2015
Colin M. Gray:Austin L. Toombs:Shad Gross	UX and design culture are beginning to dominate corporate priorities, but despite the current hype there is often a disconnect between the organizational efficiencies desired by executives and the knowledge of how UX can or should address these issues. This exploratory study addresses this space by reframing the concept of competence in UX to include the flow of competence between individual designers and the companies in which they work. Our reframing resulted in a preliminary schema based on interviews conducted with six design practitioners, which allows this flow to be traced in a performative way on the part of individuals and groups over time. We then trace this flow of individual and organizational competence through three case studies of UX adoption. Opportunities for use of this preliminary schema as a generative, rhetorical tool for HCI researchers to further interrogate UX adoption are considered, including accounting for factors that affect adoption.	Flow of Competence in UX Design Practice	NA:NA:NA	2015
Eric P.S. Baumer	HCI has developed a powerful vocabulary for thinking about, and methods for engaging with, users. Similarly, recent work has advanced complementary understanding of technology non-use. However, other spaces of interaction with technology may occur that sit uncomfortably between these two poles. This paper presents two case studies highlighting individuals who neither are clearly users of a system nor are clearly non-users. Based on these cases, the paper develops the concept of usee to help account for such situations that lie between existing analytic categories.	Usees	NA	2015
Morten Fjeld	NA	Session details: Augmented & Virtual Reality in the Real World	NA	2015
Adalberto L. Simeone:Eduardo Velloso:Hans Gellersen	Experiencing Virtual Reality in domestic and other uncontrolled settings is challenging due to the presence of physical objects and furniture that are not usually defined in the Virtual Environment. To address this challenge, we explore the concept of Substitutional Reality in the context of Virtual Reality: a class of Virtual Environments where every physical object surrounding a user is paired, with some degree of discrepancy, to a virtual counterpart. We present a model of potential substitutions and validate it in two user studies. In the first study we investigated factors that affect participants' suspension of disbelief and ease of use. We systematically altered the virtual representation of a physical object and recorded responses from 20 participants. The second study investigated users' levels of engagement as the physical proxy for a virtual object varied. From the results, we derive a set of guidelines for the design of future Substitutional Reality experiences.	Substitutional Reality: Using the Physical Environment to Design Virtual Reality Experiences	NA:NA:NA	2015
Ondrej Miksik:Vibhav Vineet:Morten Lidegaard:Ram Prasaath:Matthias Nießner:Stuart Golodetz:Stephen L. Hicks:Patrick Pérez:Shahram Izadi:Philip H.S. Torr	We present an augmented reality system for large scale 3D reconstruction and recognition in outdoor scenes. Unlike existing prior work, which tries to reconstruct scenes using active depth cameras, we use a purely passive stereo setup, allowing for outdoor use and extended sensing range. Our system not only produces a map of the 3D environment in real-time, it also allows the user to draw (or 'paint') with a laser pointer directly onto the reconstruction to segment the model into objects. Given these examples our system then learns to segment other parts of the 3D map during online acquisition. Unlike typical object recognition systems, ours therefore very much places the user 'in the loop' to segment particular objects of interest, rather than learning from predefined databases. The laser pointer additionally helps to 'clean up' the stereo reconstruction and final 3D map, interactively. Using our system, within minutes, a user can capture a full 3D map, segment it into objects of interest, and refine parts of the model during capture. We provide full technical details of our system to aid replication, as well as quantitative evaluation of system components. We demonstrate the possibility of using our system for helping the visually impaired navigate through spaces. Beyond this use, our system can be used for playing large-scale augmented reality games, shared online to augment streetview data, and used for more detailed car and person navigation.	The Semantic Paintbrush: Interactive 3D Mapping and Recognition in Large Outdoor Spaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Ying-Chao Tung:Chun-Yen Hsu:Han-Yu Wang:Silvia Chyou:Jhe-Wei Lin:Pei-Jung Wu:Andries Valstar:Mike Y. Chen	Smart glasses, such as Google Glass, provide always-available displays not offered by console and mobile gaming devices, and could potentially offer a pervasive gaming experience. However, research on input for games on smart glasses has been constrained by the available sensors to date. To help inform design directions, this paper explores user-defined game input for smart glasses beyond the capabilities of current sensors, and focuses on the interaction in public settings. We conducted a user-defined input study with 24 participants, each performing 17 common game control tasks using 3 classes of interaction and 2 form factors of smart glasses, for a total of 2448 trials. Results show that users significantly preferred non-touch and non-handheld interaction over using handheld input devices, such as in-air gestures. Also, for touch input without handheld devices, users preferred interacting with their palms over wearable devices (51% vs 20%). In addition, users preferred interactions that are less noticeable due to concerns with social acceptance, and preferred in-air gestures in front of the torso rather than in front of the face (63% vs 37%).	User-Defined Game Input for Smart Glasses in Public Space	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Peter Mohr:Bernhard Kerbl:Michael Donoser:Dieter Schmalstieg:Denis Kalkofen	We present a system which automatically transfers printed technical documentation, such as handbooks, to three-dimensional Augmented Reality. Our system identifies the most frequent forms of instructions found in printed documentation, such as image sequences, explosion diagrams, textual annotations and arrows indicating motion. The analysis of the printed documentation works automatically, with minimal user input. The system only requires the documentation itself and a CAD model or 3D scan of the object described in the documentation. The output is a fully interactive Augmented Reality application, presenting the information from the printed documentation in 3D, registered to the real object.	Retargeting Technical Documentation to Augmented Reality	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Niels Henze	NA	Session details: Gesture Elicitation & Recognition	NA	2015
Jaime Ruiz:Daniel Vogel	Participant biases can influence proposed gestures in elicitation studies. There is a legacy bias from previous experience with, or even knowledge of, existing input devices, interfaces, and technologies. There is also a performance bias, where the artificial study setting does not encourage consideration of long-term aspects such as fatigue. These biases make it especially difficult to uncover gestures appropriate for whole-body gestural input. We propose using soft constraints to correct for legacy and performance biases by penalizing physical movements. We use wrist weights as a soft constraint to elicit whole-body gestures with low arm fatigue. We show soft constraints encourage a wider range of gestures using subtler arm movements or alternate body parts and lower consumed endurance for arm movements.	Soft-Constraints to Reduce Legacy and Performance Bias to Elicit Whole-body Gestures with Low Arm Fatigue	NA:NA	2015
Vittorio Fuccella:Gennaro Costagliola	We present a novel gesture recognizer suitable for fast prototyping of gesture-based applications. The recognizer uses a nearest neighbor approach, and requires a small number of samples for each class. The similarity between two gestures is calculated through a three steps procedure: firstly, each gesture is approximated to a polyline, in order to extract its main movements; then, the two polylines are aligned to obtain an equal number of segments from both of them; lastly, the distance is found by summing the contribution of each pair of segments. We tested the recognizer on two different datasets and found that it performs more accurately than a state-of-art method.	Unistroke Gesture Recognition Through Polyline Approximation and Alignment	NA:NA	2015
Hao Lu:Yang Li	A significant percentage of mobile interaction involves short-period usages that originate from the standby mode-users wake up a device by pressing the power button, unlock the device by authenticating themselves, and then search for a target app or functionality on the device. These additional steps preceding a target task imposes significant overhead on users for each mobile device access. To address the issue, we developed Gesture On, a system that enables gesture shortcuts in the standby mode by which a user can draw a gesture on the touchscreen before the screen is turned on. Based on the gesture, our system directly brings up a target item onto the screen that bypasses all these additional steps in a mobile access. This paper examines several challenges in realizing Gesture On, including robustly rejecting accidental touches when the device is in standby, battery consumption incurred for continuous sensing and gesture-based user authentication methods for automatically device unlocking. Our analyses based on a set of user data indicated that Gesture On demonstrates a feasible approach for leveraging the standby mode for fast access to mobile content.	Gesture On: Enabling Always-On Touch Gestures for Fast Mobile Access from the Device Standby Mode	NA:NA	2015
Brian A. Smith:Xiaojun Bi:Shumin Zhai	Despite its growing popularity, gesture typing suffers from a major problem not present in touch typing: gesture ambiguity on the Qwerty keyboard. By applying rigorous mathematical optimization methods, this paper systematically investigates the optimization space related to the accuracy, speed, and Qwerty similarity of a gesture typing keyboard. Our investigation shows that optimizing the layout for gesture clarity (a metric measuring how unique word gestures are on a keyboard) drastically improves the accuracy of gesture typing. Moreover, if we also accommodate gesture speed, or both gesture speed and Qwerty similarity, we can still reduce error rates by 52% and 37% over Qwerty, respectively. In addition to investigating the optimization space, this work contributes a set of optimized layouts such as GK-D and GK-T that can immediately benefit mobile device users.	Optimizing Touchscreen Keyboards for Gesture Typing	NA:NA:NA	2015
Felix Putze:Christoph Amma:Tanja Schultz	Any user interface which automatically interprets the user's input using natural modalities like gestures makes mistakes. System behavior depending on such mistakes will confuse the user and lead to an erroneous interaction flow. The automatic detection of error potentials in electroencephalographic data recorded from a user allows the system to detect such states of confusion and automatically bring the interaction back on track. In this work, we describe the design of such a self-correcting gesture interface, implement different strategies to deal with detected errors, use a simulation approach to analyze performance and costs of those strategies and execute a user study to evaluate user satisfaction. We show that self-correction significantly improves gesture recognition accuracy at lower costs and with higher acceptance than manual correction.	Design and Evaluation of a Self-Correcting Gesture Interface based on Error Potentials from EEG	NA:NA:NA	2015
Joonhwan Lee	NA	Session details: Programming Environments	NA	2015
Markel Vigo:Caroline Jay:Robert Stevens	Ontologies are complex knowledge representation artefacts used widely across biomedical, media and industrial domains. They are used for defining terminologies and providing metadata, especially for linked open data, and as such their use is rapidly increasing, but so far development tools have not benefited from empirical research into the ontology authoring process. This paper presents the results of a study that identifies common activity patterns through analysis of eye-tracking data and the event logs of the popular authoring tool, Protégé. Informed by the activity patterns discovered, we propose design guidelines for bulk editing, efficient reasoning and increased situational awareness. Methodological implications go beyond the remit of knowledge artefacts: we establish a method for studying the usability of software designed for highly specialised complex domains.	Constructing Conceptual Knowledge Artefacts: Activity Patterns in the Ontology Authoring Process	NA:NA:NA	2015
Yuhao Zhang:Tania Tudorache:Matthew Horridge:Mark A. Musen	An ontology is a machine processable artifact that captures knowledge about some domain of interest. Ontologies are used in various domains including healthcare, science, and commerce. In this paper we examine the ontology bootstrapping problem. Specifically, we look at an approach that uses both competency questions and knowledge source reuse via recommendations to address the "cold start problem" that is, the task of creating an ontology from scratch. We describe this approach, an implementation of it, and we present an evaluation in the form of a controlled user study. We find that the approach leads users into creating significantly more detailed initial ontologies that have a greater domain coverage than ontologies produced without this support. Furthermore, in spite of a more involved workflow, the usability and user satisfaction of the bootstrapping approach is as good as a state-of-the-art ontology editor with no additional support.	Helping Users Bootstrap Ontologies: An Empirical Investigation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Kerry Shih-Ping Chang:Brad A. Myers	We present a spreadsheet model for working with streaming data. Our prototype tool presents techniques to let the user stream data from web services and web input elements to a spreadsheet without preprogramming those sources into the tool. Spreadsheet cells record metadata about where and when the data came from, allowing the user to view and manipulate streaming data using temporal information. Starting and pausing a data stream in the spreadsheet can be controlled programmatically using values computed by spreadsheet cells, making the spreadsheet program highly dynamic and interactive. We demonstrate the range of our design with a series of examples highlighting its ability to create different kinds of applications that process real-time data from the web using simple spreadsheet formulas.	A Spreadsheet Model for Handling Streaming Data	NA:NA	2015
Jun Kato:Tomoyasu Nakano:Masataka Goto	This paper presents TextAlive, a graphical tool that allows interactive editing of kinetic typography videos in which lyrics or transcripts are animated in synchrony with the corresponding music or speech. While existing systems have allowed the designer and casual user to create animations, most of them do not take into account synchronization with audio signals. They allow predefined motions to be applied to objects and parameters to be tweaked, but it is usually impossible to extend the predefined set of motion algorithms within these systems. We therefore propose an integrated design environment featuring (1) GUIs that designers can use to create and edit animations synchronized with audio signals, (2) integrated tools that programmers can use to implement animation algorithms, and (3) a framework for bridging the interfaces for designers and programmers. A preliminary user study with designers, programmers, and casual users demonstrated its capability in authoring various kinetic typography videos.	TextAlive: Integrated Design Environment for Kinetic Typography	NA:NA:NA	2015
Mikko Rajanen:Netta Iivari	Open source software (OSS) projects are often seen as participatory and egalitarian settings where people collaboratively develop software to serve their needs as well as the needs of others. In this paper, however, we argue that power and politics also characterize OSS development, and that this has serious implications for OSS usability. The existing Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) research on OSS usability has already shown that power and politics play a role; this study offers a theoretical treatment of the matter. A theoretical framework on power and empowerment is utilized in analyzing empirical data on OSS usability as well as the existing body of knowledge on the topic. With the help of this framework, HCI research can address the aspects of power and empowerment in OSS usability in a more systematic and comprehensive manner.	Power, Empowerment and Open Source Usability	NA:NA	2015
Will Odom	NA	Session details: Digital Collections, Practice & Legacy	NA	2015
Rebecca D. Watkins:Abigail Sellen:Siân E. Lindley	Reference is increasingly made to 'digital collections', yet this term encompasses accumulated digital objects of varying form, purpose and value. We review social science literature on material collections and draw from in-depth interviews with 20 people in the UK in order to offer a clearer understanding of what constitutes a digital collection and what does not. We develop a taxonomy that presents three distinct types of digital collection and demonstrate ways in which the affordances of digital environments may facilitate or impede meaningful practices of acquisition, curation and exhibition in each case. Through doing so, we present a framework for design in support of collecting practices and the development of more meaningful and valued digital collections.	Digital Collections and Digital Collecting Practices	NA:NA:NA	2015
Jane Gruning:Julia Bullard:Melissa Ocepek	This paper presents findings from a field study of records managers that provides context for understanding how people see objects on varying media as long-lasting objects (or not). Part of the mandate of the profession of records management is long-term preservation of digital and paper records. At the site of the fieldwork for this study, research participants' tasks primarily consisted of examining individual case files to determine if the files should be kept or destroyed under the relevant rules set by higher-level management according to legal requirements. Close observation of work practices showed that application of records management rules varied depending on the medium of the records, despite the policy that records on varying media are equal in importance. The results of the study suggest that the perceived accessibility and obsolescence of digital objects deserve more attention in the exploration of the place of digital objects in human lives over the long-term.	Medium, Access, and Obsolescence: What Kinds of Objects are Lasting Objects?	NA:NA:NA	2015
Doménique van Gennip:Elise van den Hoven:Panos Markopoulos	Interactive devices can support personal remembering to benefit well-being. These designs require insight into what brings the past to mind, and how people relate to such cues. Prior work focused on mementos in the home; instead, this paper presents a diary and interview study of involuntary memory cueing in everyday life. Data was collected from fifteen adult individuals, using sentence completion diaries, combined with debriefing interviews. Qualitative analysis of the data showed that these participants were relying on everyday physical objects like food items for cueing memories during everyday life, locations and (repeated) activities, while digital items and photos were shown to be less frequent stimulants. Meaningful relations to memory cues can be partially explained from a memory cueing perspective. We discuss how design for remembering can benefit from our insights, through careful trade-offs in timing, exposure to cues, and supporting a process of personal attachment with items invoking memories.	Things That Make Us Reminisce: Everyday Memory Cues as Opportunities for Interaction Design	NA:NA:NA	2015
Rebecca Gulotta:Alex Sciuto:Aisling Kelliher:Jodi Forlizzi	As people increasingly turn to digital channels to share, store, and reflect on their lives and experiences, the processes by which they manage the diverse collection of information generated over the course of their lives are changing. These processes, once a matter of hands-on curation and personal meaning making, are now deeply rooted in interactions with digital systems. In this work, we drew from prior research from personalization, memory, and information management to create four interactive, provocative systems. Through sessions with 12 adults from Pittsburgh, PA we used a combination of these systems and interviews to examine how systems might play a role in the near and long term resurfacing of personal and familial digital information. Findings point to an opportunity to create systems that can openly mediate the curation and transmission of digital content, and ways to draw meaning from the differences between how systems and people recall and represent their experiences.	Curatorial Agents: How Systems Shape Our Understanding of Personal and Familial Digital Information	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Hao-Chuan Wang	NA	Session details: Multilingual Communication	NA	2015
Ge Gao:Naomi Yamashita:Ari M.J. Hautasaari:Susan R. Fussell	Conversational grounding, or establishing mutual knowledge that messages have been understood as intended, can be difficult to achieve when some conversational participants are using a non-native language. These difficulties in grounding can be challenging for native speakers to detect. In this paper, we examine the value of signaling potential grounding problems to native speakers (NS) by displaying how non-native speakers (NNS) use automated transcripts and bilingual dictionaries. We conducted a laboratory experiment in which NS and NNS of English collaborated via audio conferencing on a map navigation task. Triads of one NS guider, one NS follower, and one NNS follower performed the task using one of three awareness displays: (a) a no awareness display that showed only the automated transcripts, (b) a general awareness display that showed whether each follower was reading the automated transcripts and/or translating a word; or (c) a detailed awareness display that showed which line of the transcripts a follower was reading and/or which words he/she was translating. NS guiders and NNS followers collaborated most successfully with the detailed awareness display, while NS guiders and NS followers performed equally across conditions. Our findings suggest several ways to improve systems to support multilingual collaboration.	Improving Multilingual Collaboration by Displaying How Non-native Speakers Use Automated Transcripts and Bilingual Dictionaries	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Kotaro Hara:Shamsi T. Iqbal	Language barrier is the primary challenge for effective cross-lingual conversations. Spoken language translation (SLT) is perceived as a cost-effective alternative to less affordable human interpreters, but little research has studied how people interact with such technology. Using a prototype translator application, we performed a formative evaluation to elicit how people interact with the technology and adapt their conversation style. We conducted two sets of studies with a total of 23 pairs (46 participants). Participants worked on storytelling tasks to simulate natural conversations with 3 different interface settings. Our findings show that collocutors naturally adapt their style of speech production and comprehension to compensate for inadequacies in SLT. We conclude the paper with design guidelines that emerged from the analysis.	Effect of Machine Translation in Interlingual Conversation: Lessons from a Formative Study	NA:NA	2015
Ben Steichen:Luanne Freund	The unrelenting rise in online user diversification has generated tremendous new challenges for search system providers. Among these, the need to address multiple user language abilities and preferences is paramount. The majority of research on multilingual search has so far focused on improving retrieval and translation techniques in cross-language information retrieval. However, less research has focused on the human-computer interaction aspects of multilingual search, particularly in terms of multilingual result display interfaces. To address this research gap, this paper presents a comparison of 5 different search interface designs for multilingual search. We analyze and evaluate these interfaces through a crowd-based experiment involving 885 participants. Our results show that the common approach of interleaving multilingual results is in fact the least preferred, whereas single-page displays with clear language separation are most preferred. In addition, we show that user proficiency and search content type play an important role in user preferences, and that different interfaces elicit different user behaviors.	Supporting the Modern Polyglot: A Comparison of Multilingual Search Interfaces	NA:NA	2015
Beryl Plimmer:Liang He:Tariq Zaman:Kasun Karunanayaka:Alvin W. Yeo:Garen Jengan:Rachel Blagojevic:Ellen Yi-Luen Do	The Penan people of Malaysian Borneo were traditionally nomads of the rainforest. They would leave messages in the jungle for each other by shaping natural objects into language tokens and arranging these symbols in specific ways -- much like words in a sentence. With settlement, the language is being lost as it is not being used by the younger generation. We report here, a tangible system designed to help the Penan preserve their unique object writing language. The key features of the system are that: its tangibles are made of real objects; it works in the wild; and new tangibles can be fabricated and added to the system by the users. Our evaluations show that the system is engaging and encourages intergenerational knowledge transfer and thus has the potential to help preserve this language.	New Interaction Tools for Preserving an Old Language	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Maarten Thissen	NA	Session details: Empowering Users	NA	2015
Darren Edge:Sumit Gulwani:Natasa Milic-Frayling:Mohammad Raza:Reza Adhitya Saputra:Chao Wang:Koji Yatani	Good alignment and repetition of objects across presentation slides can facilitate visual processing and contribute to audience understanding. However, creating and maintaining such consistency during slide design is difficult. To solve this problem, we present two complementary tools: (1) StyleSnap, which increases the alignment and repetition of objects by adaptively clustering object edge positions and allowing parallel editing of all objects snapped to the same spatial extent; and (2) FlashFormat, which infers the least-general generalization of editing examples and applies it throughout the selected range. In user studies of repetitive styling task performance, StyleSnap and FlashFormat were 4-5 times and 2-3 times faster respectively than conventional editing. Both use a mixed-initiative approach to improve the consistency of slide decks and generalize to any situations involving direct editing across disjoint visual spaces.	Mixed-Initiative Approaches to Global Editing in Slideware	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
William Jones:Robert Capra:Anne Diekema:Jaime Teevan:Manuel Pérez-Quiñones:Jesse David Dinneen:Bradley Hemminger	Researchers have been studying personal information management (PIM) for many years, but little exists by way of practical advice for how individuals should manage their own information. We employed the Delphi Method to engage PIM researchers with expertise in a variety of relevant areas in a five-round extended dialog about PIM practices. Participants identified key everyday choices of PIM, suggested alternatives, and identified pros and cons of each alternative. Our contributions include: 1) a set of 36 PIM practices, along with pros, cons, and recommendations for or against each practice, 2) directions of future research and development including "near-future" improvements in tool support and 3) a detailed description of how we applied the Delphi Method to study PIM and how it might be used more widely in HCI research as a complement to more established methods of inquiry.	"For Telling" the Present: Using the Delphi Method to Understand Personal Information Management Practices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Xiaojuan Ma	NA	Session details: Accessibility for Vision Impaired Users	NA	2015
Tousif Ahmed:Roberto Hoyle:Kay Connelly:David Crandall:Apu Kapadia	Various technologies have been developed to help make the world more accessible to visually impaired people, and recent advances in low-cost wearable and mobile computing are likely to drive even moreadvances. However, the unique privacy and security needs of visually impaired people remain largely unaddressed. We conducted an exploratory user study with 14 visually impaired participants to understand the techniques they currently use for protecting privacy, their remaining privacy concerns,and how new technologies may be able to help. The interviews explored privacy not only in the physical world (e.g., bystanders overhearing private conversations) and the online world (e.g., determining if a URL is legitimate), but also in the interface between the two (e.g. bystanders `shoulder-surfing' data from screens). The study revealed serious concerns that are not adequately solved by current technology, and suggested new directions for improving the privacy of this significant fraction of the population.	Privacy Concerns and Behaviors of People with Visual Impairments	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jonathan Waddington:Conor Linehan:Kathrin Gerling:Kieran Hicks:Timothy L. Hodgson	Neurological Vision Impairment (NVI) detrimentally impacts upon quality of life, as daily activities such as reading and crossing the road often become significantly impaired. Therapy strategies for NVI based on visual scanning of on-screen stimuli have recently been demonstrated as effective at improving functional vision. However, these strategies are repetitive, monotonous and unsuitable for use with children and young adults. This project explores the design of a game-based therapy programme that aims to support participant engagement and adherence. We first outline requirements for this software, before reporting on the iterative design process undertaken in collaboration with young people, therapists and teachers at a centre for vision impairment. Our work provides insights into the participatory design of games in collaboration with young people with special needs, and reflects upon the tension of balancing game challenge, therapy goals, and accessibility. Furthermore, it highlights the potential of games to empower special populations by providing a medium through which to communicate the subjective experience of specific impairments.	Participatory Design of Therapeutic Video Games for Young People with Neurological Vision Impairment	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
David R. Flatla:Alan R. Andrade:Ross D. Teviotdale:Dylan L. Knowles:Craig Stewart	Being able to identify colours is a fundamental human activity; colour identification helps us work, get dressed, prepare food, and keep safe. But for the 5% of the world with impaired colour vision (ICV), colour identification is often a challenge, resulting in frustration and confusion with sometimes dangerous consequences. Colour namer tools have been proposed as a solution, however these are often slow to use and imprecise. To address these shortcomings, we developed three new colour identification techniques (ColourNames, ColourMeters, ColourPopper) using a new colour name dictionary based on the largest colour naming experiment to date. We compared our techniques to colour namers using participants with ICV in desktop and mobile conditions, and found that ColourNames and ColourPopper resulted in ~99% colour identification accuracy (10% higher than the colour namer), ColourMeters and ColourPopper were three times faster, and ColourPopper had lower perceived effort and was ranked significantly higher. With the benefits provided by our new colour identification techniques, people with ICV are one step closer to seeing the world like everyone else.	ColourID: Improving Colour Identification for People with Impaired Colour Vision	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Brent Hecht	NA	Session details: Interactive & Multi-Surface Maps	NA	2015
Matthew Oskamp:Christophe Bortolaso:Robin Harrap:T.C. Nicholas Graham	Terrain visibility analysis is a challenging task that is currently supported by complex digital tools with cumbersome interfaces. In this paper, we present TerraGuide, a novel multi-surface environment for exploratory terrain analysis. TerraGuide provides three tightly coupled displays including a real-time viewshed, a 3D panoramic view, and a helicopter view controlled by an optically tracked tablet. A user study compared these techniques and identified users' strategies in solving a complex terrain analysis problem. Users overwhelmingly adopted a bi-manual use of the tabletop viewshed and tablet-based helicopter techniques. This paper gives insight into how multi-surface environments can be designed to allow complementary use of and fluid switching between techniques.	TerraGuide: Design and Evaluation of a Multi-Surface Environment for Terrain Visibility Analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Wesley Willett:Bernhard Jenny:Tobias Isenberg:Pierre Dragicevic	We explore interactive relief shearing, a set of non-intrusive, direct manipulation interactions that expose depth and shape information in terrain maps using ephemeral animations. Reading and interpreting topography and relief on terrain maps is an important aspect of map use, but extracting depth information from 2D maps is notoriously difficult. Modern mapping software attempts to alleviate this limitation by presenting digital terrain using 3D views. However, 3D views introduce occlusion, complicate distance estimations, and typically require more complex interactions. In contrast, our approach reveals depth information via shearing animations on 2D maps, and can be paired with existing interactions such as pan and zoom. We examine explicit, integrated, and hybrid interactions for triggering relief shearing and present a version that uses device tilt to control depth effects. Our evaluation shows that these interactive techniques improve depth perception when compared to standard 2D and perspective views.	Lightweight Relief Shearing for Enhanced Terrain Perception on Interactive Maps	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
María-Jesús Lobo:Emmanuel Pietriga:Caroline Appert	Geovisualization applications typically organize data into layers. These layers hold different types of geographical features, describe different characteristics of the same features, or represent those features at different points in time. Layers can be composited in various ways, most often employing a juxtaposition or superimposition strategy, to produce maps that users can explore interactively. From an HCI perspective, one of the main challenges is to design interactive compositions that optimize the legibility of the resulting map and that ease layer comparison. We characterize five representative techniques, and empirically evaluate them using a set of real-world maps in which we purposefully introduce six types of differences amenable to inter-layer visual comparison. We discuss the merits of these techniques in terms of visual interference, user attention and scanning strategy. Our results can help inform the design of map-based visualizations for supporting geo-analysis tasks in many application areas.	An Evaluation of Interactive Map Comparison Techniques	NA:NA:NA	2015
Thore Fechner:Dennis Wilhelm:Christian Kray	Real-time synchronization is increasingly available in web-based environments for editing textual data, and this has changed how groups of people collaborate. We present a novel approach for real-time collaborative editing of geo-data. We introduce Ethermap, an open source web-application that implements this approach and enables multiple users to map data concurrently. It supports synchronous and collaborative mapping in several ways: it visually highlights mapping activities, it allows for fine-grained reviewing of all changes, and it enhances text-based communication with cross-modal references to geo-objects. We report on key results from a multi-tiered evaluation of Ethermap based on a user-study and on expert interviews. The concept of real-time collaborative editing was received favorably by users and experts. Participants of the study learned to use Ethermap quickly, and successfully completed a collaborative mapping task. Experts and users agreed that, given the right scenario (e.g., disaster mapping, teaching, planning), the approach could benefit the process of working on geo-data collaboratively.	Ethermap: Real-time Collaborative Map Editing	NA:NA:NA	2015
Malte Jung	NA	Session details: Robot Personalities	NA	2015
Megan Strait:Lara Vujovic:Victoria Floerke:Matthias Scheutz:Heather Urry	People tend to anthropomorphize agents that look and/or act human, and further, they tend to evaluate such agents more positively. This, in turn, has motivated the development of robotic agents that are humanlike in appearance and/or behavior. Yet, some agents -- often those with highly humanlike appearances -- have been found to elicit the opposite, wherein they are evaluated more negatively than their less humanlike counterparts. These trends are captured by Masahiro Mori's uncanny valley hypothesis, which describes a (uncanny) valley in emotional responding - a switch from affinity to dislike - elicited by agents that are ``too humanlike'. However, while the valley phenomenon has been repeatedly observed via subjective measures, it remains unknown as to whether such evaluations reflect a potential impact to a person's behavior (i.e., aversion). We attempt to address this gap in the literature via a novel experimental paradigm employing both traditional subjective ratings, as well as measures of peoples' behavioral and phsyiological responding. The results show that not only do people rate highly humanlike robots as uncanny, but moreover, they exhibit greater avoidance of such encounters than encounters with less humanlike and human agents. Thus, the findings not only support Mori's hypothesis, but further, they indicate the valley should be taken as a serious consideration for peoples' interactions with humanlike agents.	Too Much Humanness for Human-Robot Interaction: Exposure to Highly Humanlike Robots Elicits Aversive Responding in Observers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Sean Andrist:Bilge Mutlu:Adriana Tapus	Socially assistive robots are envisioned to provide social and cognitive assistance where they will seek to motivate and engage people in therapeutic activities. Due to their physicality, robots serve as a powerful technology for motivating people. Prior work has shown that effective motivation requires adaption to user needs and characteristics, but how robots might successfully achieve such adaptation is still unknown. In this paper, we present work on matching a robot's personality-expressed via its gaze behavior-to that of its users. We confirmed in an online study with 22 participants that the robot's gaze behavior can successfully express either an extroverted or introverted personality. In a laboratory study with 40 participants, we demonstrate the positive effect of personality matching on a user's motivation to engage in a repetitive task. These results have important implications for the design of adaptive robot behaviors in assistive human-robot interaction.	Look Like Me: Matching Robot Personality via Gaze to Increase Motivation	NA:NA:NA	2015
Allison Sauppé:Bilge Mutlu	Across history and cultures, robots have been envisioned as assistants working alongside people. Following this vision, an emerging family of products-collaborative manufacturing robots-is enabling human and robot workers to work side by side as collaborators in manufacturing tasks. Their introduction presents an opportunity to better understand people's interactions with and perceptions of a robot "co-worker" in a real-world setting to guide the design of these products. In this paper, we present findings from an ethnographic field study at three manufacturing sites and a Grounded Theory analysis of observations and interviews. Our results show that, even in this safety-critical manufacturing setting, workers relate to the robot as a social entity and rely on cues to understand the robot's actions, which we observed to be critical for workers to feel safe when near the robot. These findings contribute to our understanding of interactions with robotic products in real-world settings and offer important design implications.	The Social Impact of a Robot Co-Worker in Industrial Settings	NA:NA	2015
Benjamin Walther-Franks:Jan Smeddinck:Peter Szmidt:Andrei Haidu:Michael Beetz:Rainer Malaka	Autonomous manipulation robots can be valuable aids as interactive agents in the home, yet it has proven extremely difficult to program their behavior. Imitation learning uses data on human demonstrations to build behavioral models for robots. In order to cover a wide range of action strategies, data from many individuals is needed. Acquiring such large amounts of data can be a challenge. Tools for data capturing in this domain must thus implement a good user experience. We propose to use human computation games in order to gather data on human manual behavior. We demonstrate the idea with a strategy game that is operated via a natural user interface. A comparison between using the game for action execution and demonstrating actions in a virtual environment shows that people interact longer and have a better experience when playing the game.	Robots, Pancakes, and Computer Games: Designing Serious Games for Robot Imitation Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Yang Li	NA	Session details: Mid-Air Gestures and Interaction	NA	2015
Toby Sharp:Cem Keskin:Duncan Robertson:Jonathan Taylor:Jamie Shotton:David Kim:Christoph Rhemann:Ido Leichter:Alon Vinnikov:Yichen Wei:Daniel Freedman:Pushmeet Kohli:Eyal Krupka:Andrew Fitzgibbon:Shahram Izadi	We present a new real-time hand tracking system based on a single depth camera. The system can accurately reconstruct complex hand poses across a variety of subjects. It also allows for robust tracking, rapidly recovering from any temporary failures. Most uniquely, our tracker is highly flexible, dramatically improving upon previous approaches which have focused on front-facing close-range scenarios. This flexibility opens up new possibilities for human-computer interaction with examples including tracking at distances from tens of centimeters through to several meters (for controlling the TV at a distance), supporting tracking using a moving depth camera (for mobile scenarios), and arbitrary camera placements (for VR headsets). These features are achieved through a new pipeline that combines a multi-layered discriminative reinitialization strategy for per-frame pose estimation, followed by a generative model-fitting stage. We provide extensive technical details and a detailed qualitative and quantitative analysis.	Accurate, Robust, and Flexible Real-time Hand Tracking	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Srinath Sridhar:Anna Maria Feit:Christian Theobalt:Antti Oulasvirta	This paper investigates an emerging input method enabled by progress in hand tracking: input by free motion of fingers. The method is expressive, potentially fast, and usable across many settings as it does not insist on physical contact or visual feedback. Our goal is to inform the design of high-performance input methods by providing detailed analysis of the performance and anatomical characteristics of finger motion. We conducted an experiment using a commercially available sensor to report on the speed, accuracy, individuation, movement ranges, and individual differences of each finger. Findings show differences of up to 50% in movement times and provide indices quantifying the individuation of single fingers. We apply our findings to text entry by computational optimization of multi-finger gestures in mid-air. To this end, we define a novel objective function that considers performance, anatomical factors, and learnability. First investigations of one optimization case show entry rates of 22 words per minute (WPM). We conclude with a critical discussion of the limitations posed by human factors and performance characteristics of existing markerless hand trackers.	Investigating the Dexterity of Multi-Finger Input for Mid-Air Text Entry	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Faizan Haque:Mathieu Nancel:Daniel Vogel	We describe a mid-air, barehand pointing and clicking interaction technique using electromyographic (EMG) and inertial measurement unit (IMU) input from a consumer armband device. The technique uses enhanced pointer feedback to convey state, a custom pointer acceleration function tuned for angular inertial motion, and correction and filtering techniques to minimize side-effects when combining EMG and IMU input. By replicating a previous large display study using a motion capture pointing technique, we show the EMG and IMU technique is only 430 to 790 ms slower and has acceptable error rates for targets greater than 48 mm. Our work demonstrates that consumer-level EMG and IMU sensing is practical for distant pointing and clicking on large displays.	Myopoint: Pointing and Clicking Using Forearm Mounted Electromyography and Inertial Motion Sensors	NA:NA:NA	2015
Jie Song:Fabrizio Pece:Gábor Sörös:Marion Koelle:Otmar Hilliges	We present a machine learning technique to recognize gestures and estimate metric depth of hands for 3D interaction, relying only on monocular RGB video input. We aim to enable spatial interaction with small, body-worn devices where rich 3D input is desired but the usage of conventional depth sensors is prohibitive due to their power consumption and size. We propose a hybrid classification-regression approach to learn and predict a mapping of RGB colors to absolute, metric depth in real time. We also classify distinct hand gestures, allowing for a variety of 3D interactions. We demonstrate our technique with three mobile interaction scenarios and evaluate the method quantitatively and qualitatively.	Joint Estimation of 3D Hand Position and Gestures from Monocular Video for Mobile Interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Anusha Withana:Roshan Peiris:Nipuna Samarasekara:Suranga Nanayakkara	In this paper we present zSense, which provides greater input expressivity for spatially limited devices such as smart wearables through a shallow depth gesture recognition system using non-focused infrared sensors. To achieve this, we introduce a novel Non-linear Spatial Sampling (NSS) technique that significantly cuts down the number of required infrared sensors and emitters. These can be arranged in many different configurations; for example, number of sensor emitter units can be as minimal as one sensor and two emitters. We implemented different configurations of zSense on smart wearables such as smartwatches, smartglasses and smart rings. These configurations naturally fit into the flat or curved surfaces of such devices, providing a wide scope of zSense enabled application scenarios. Our evaluations reported over 94.8% gesture recognition accuracy across all configurations.	zSense: Enabling Shallow Depth Gesture Recognition for Greater Input Expressivity on Smart Wearables	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Juho Kim	NA	Session details: MOOCS & e-Learning	NA	2015
Samad Kardan:Cristina Conati	Recent rise of Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) with unlimited participants, makes employing learning tools such as interactive simulations all but inevitable. Interactive simulations give students the opportunity to experiment with concrete examples and develop better understanding of concepts they have learned. However, some students do not learn well from this relatively unstructured form of interaction, suggesting the provision of adaptive support as a way to address this issue. This paper presents a formal evaluation of providing support to facilitate open exploration. We describe the process of designing an intervention delivery mechanism for adding adaptive support to an exploratory interactive simulation. The experimental evaluation of the adaptive version of the simulation indicates that the adaptive support provided to students significantly improved their learning performance. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations of users' acceptance of the system are generally positive but pinpoint areas for improvement.	Providing Adaptive Support in an Interactive Simulation for Learning: An Experimental Evaluation	NA:NA	2015
Zahid Hossain:Xiaofan Jin:Engin W. Bumbacher:Alice M. Chung:Stephen Koo:Jordan D. Shapiro:Cynthia Y. Truong:Sean Choi:Nathan D. Orloff:Paulo Blikstein:Ingmar H. Riedel-Kruse	Interacting with biological systems via experiments is important for academia, industry, and education, but access barriers exist due to training, costs, safety, logistics, and spatial separation. High-throughput equipment combined with web streaming could enable interactive biology experiments online, but no such platform currently exists. We present a cloud experimentation architecture (paralleling cloud computation), which is optimized for a class of domain-specific equipments (biotic processing units - BPU) to share and execute many experiments in parallel remotely and interactively at all time. We implemented an instance of this architecture that enables chemotactic experiments with a slime mold Physarum Polycephelum. A user study in the blended teaching and research setting of a graduate-level biophysics class demonstrated that this platform lowers the access barrier for non-biologists, enables discovery, and facilitates learning analytics. This architecture is flexible for integration with various biological specimens and equipments to facilitate scalable interactive online education, collaborations, research, and citizen science.	Interactive Cloud Experimentation for Biology: An Online Education Case Study	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
John Sadauskas:Daragh Byrne:Robert K. Atkinson	Many teens struggle with school writing and particularly in identifying personally relevant topics, which motivate writing improvement. However, a wealth of potential topics is available through their social media data. We explore the design of Sparkfolio, a prewriting support tool that aims to help students successfully prepare meaningful writing topics from their own social media content. This web-delivered tool was evaluated with 46 teen users in the context of their high school English class. Findings demonstrate that the use of social media can enhance the quality of written outcomes, as Sparkfolio users had significantly greater gains than a control group.	Mining Memories: Designing a Platform to Support Social Media Based Writing	NA:NA:NA	2015
Carrie J. Cai:Philip J. Guo:James R. Glass:Robert C. Miller	Competing priorities in daily life make it difficult for those with a casual interest in learning to set aside time for regular practice. In this paper, we explore wait-learning: leveraging brief moments of waiting during a person's existing conversations for second language vocabulary practice, even if the conversation happens in the native language. We present an augmented version of instant messaging, WaitChatter, that supports the notion of wait-learning by displaying contextually relevant foreign language vocabulary and micro-quizzes just-in-time while the user awaits a response from her conversant. Through a two week field study of WaitChatter with 20 people, we found that users were able to learn 57 new words on average during casual instant messaging. Furthermore, we found that users were most receptive to learning opportunities immediately after sending a chat message, and that this timing may be critical given user tendency to multi-task during waiting periods.	Wait-Learning: Leveraging Wait Time for Second Language Education	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Toni-Jan Keith Monserrat	NA	Session details: Understanding Gamers	NA	2015
Eddie Q. Yan:Jeff Huang:Gifford K. Cheung	Most user interfaces require the user to focus on one element at a time, but StarCraft 2 is a game where players often control more than a hundred units simultaneously. The game interface provides an optional mechanism called "control groups" that allows players to select multiple units and assign them to a group in order to quickly recall previous selections of units. From an analysis of over 3,000 replays, we show that the usage of control groups is a key differentiator of individual players as well as players of different skill levels---novice users rarely use control groups while experts nearly always do. But players also behave differently in how they use their control groups, especially in time-pressured situations. While certain control group behaviors are common across all skill levels, expert players appear to be better at remaining composed and sustaining control group use in battle. We also qualitatively analyze discussions on web forums from players about how they use control groups to provide context about how such a simple interface mechanic has produced numerous ways of optimizing unit control.	Masters of Control: Behavioral Patterns of Simultaneous Unit Group Manipulation in StarCraft 2	NA:NA:NA	2015
Daniel Johnson:Peta Wyeth:Madison Clark:Christopher Watling	The current study sought to identify the impact of whether teammates in a cooperative videogame were controlled by other humans (avatars) or by the game (agents). The impact on player experience was explored through both subjective questionnaire measures and brain wave activity measurement (electroencephalography). Play with human teammates was associated with a greater sense of relatedness, but less competence and flow than play with other computer-controlled teammates. In terms of brain activity, play with human teammates was associated with greater activity in the alpha, theta and beta power bands than play with computer-controlled teammates. Overall, the results suggest that play with human teammates involves greater cognitive activity in terms of 'mentalising' than play with computer-controlled teammates. Additionally, the associations between subjective measures of player experience and brain activity are described. Limitations of the current study are identified and key directions for future research are discussed.	Cooperative Game Play with Avatars and Agents: Differences in Brain Activity and the Experience of Play	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Sauvik Das:Alexander Zook:Mark O. Riedl	We present an exploratory analysis of the effects of game world topologies on self-reported player experience in Computer Role Playing Games (CRPGs). We find that (a) players are more engaged in game worlds that better match their self-reported preferences; and (b) player preferences for game topology can be predicted based on their in-game behavior. We further describe how in-game behavioral features that correlate to preferences can be used to control procedural content generation algorithms.	Examining Game World Topology Personalization	NA:NA:NA	2015
Chris Preist:Robert Jones	This paper presents results of a controlled trial using a clash-of-clans style game as an extrinsic motivator to encourage revision in 15-16 year olds preparing for a maths exam. The trial demonstrates a statistically significant improvement in performance among those using the game. We discuss differences between our work and a previous trial that showed no performance improvement from an extrinsically linked educational game, and present hypotheses as to why the game structure we used may be effective within our chosen deployment environment.	The Use of Games as Extrinisic Motivation in Education	NA:NA	2015
Haewoon Kwak:Jeremy Blackburn:Seungyeop Han	In this work we explore cyberbullying and other toxic behavior in team competition online games. Using a dataset of over 10 million player reports on 1.46 million toxic players along with corresponding crowdsourced decisions, we test several hypotheses drawn from theories explaining toxic behavior. Besides providing large-scale, empirical based understanding of toxic behavior, our work can be used as a basis for building systems to detect, prevent, and counter-act toxic behavior.	Exploring Cyberbullying and Other Toxic Behavior in Team Competition Online Games	NA:NA:NA	2015
Edward Cutrell	NA	Session details: Bridging Communities	NA	2015
George Yerousis:Konstantin Aal:Thomas von Rekowski:David W. Randall:Markus Rohde:Volker Wulf	Come_IN computer clubs are an established approach to support inter-cultural and inter-generational learning in German neighborhoods. We explore the adaptation of the come_IN concept to the Palestinian context as a means to bridge the social and economic divide that has plagued West Bank society for a period of more than six decades. Social exclusion, political conflicts and prolonged military occupation have kept the refugee camps in a perpetual state of marginalization. In this paper we report on our work in Al Amari-- a Palestinian refugee camp adjacent to the city of Ramallah. We examine how the computer club enables the emergence of social ties among residents of the camp and university students acting as tutors. Even though the ties are small-scale and informal, they have the potential to generate new and wider opportunities for exchange that may eventually support more social integration between the camp's marginalized population and the wider Palestinian population.	Computer-Enabled Project Spaces: Connecting with Palestinian Refugees across Camp Boundaries	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Kagonya Awori:Frank Vetere:Wally Smith	Our paper investigates how current digital technologies are sufficient, or insufficient, in supporting Kenyan transnationals in practising indigenous knowledge. We first outline a view of indigenous knowledge, and then apply it to a study of diaspora Kenyans living in Australia. The findings are framed as nine techniques for sustaining displaced practising of indigenous knowledge. These appropriations suggest directions for technology innovation, providing design considerations for technologies that translate, formulate and support indigenous knowledge in transnational contexts.	Transnationalism, Indigenous Knowledge and Technology: Insights from the Kenyan Diaspora	NA:NA:NA	2015
David Engel:Anita Williams Woolley:Ishani Aggarwal:Christopher F. Chabris:Masamichi Takahashi:Keiichi Nemoto:Carolin Kaiser:Young Ji Kim:Thomas W. Malone	Collective intelligence (CI) is a property of groups that emerges from the coordination and collaboration of members and predicts group performance on a wide range of tasks. Previous studies of CI have been conducted with lab-based groups in the USA. We introduce a new standardized online battery to measure CI and demonstrate consistent emergence of a CI factor across three different studies despite broad differences in (a) communication media (face-to-face vs online), (b) group contexts (short-term ad hoc groups vs long-term groups) and (c) cultural settings (US, Germany, and Japan). In two of the studies, we also show that CI is correlated with a group's performance on more complex tasks. Consequently, the CI metric provides a generalizable performance measure for groups that is robust to broad changes in media, context, and culture, making it useful for testing the effects of general-purpose collaboration technologies intended to improve group performance.	Collective Intelligence in Computer-Mediated Collaboration Emerges in Different Contexts and Cultures	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Michael J. Brzozowski:Phil Adams:Ed H. Chi	Researchers have recently been focusing on understanding online communities in social networks that offer easy access to new audiences. How do online communities function within these social networks? In this work, we conducted a mixed-method study of public Google+ Communities and found two major types evident in both how users talk about them and how they appear to use them: plazas to meet new people, and topic boards to discuss common interests. This reflects two common motivations users cite in describing Communities: "meeting like minded people" and "finding great content". We characterize these two types of Communities within Google+ using mixed methods including surveys, interviews, and quantitative analytics, and expose differences in user behaviors between them.	Google+ Communities as Plazas and Topic Boards	NA:NA:NA	2015
Antonella De Angeli	NA	Session details: Gender & Technology	NA	2015
Bogdan Vasilescu:Daryl Posnett:Baishakhi Ray:Mark G.J. van den Brand:Alexander Serebrenik:Premkumar Devanbu:Vladimir Filkov	Software development is usually a collaborative venture. Open Source Software (OSS) projects are no exception; indeed, by design, the OSS approach can accommodate teams that are more open, geographically distributed, and dynamic than commercial teams. This, we find, leads to OSS teams that are quite diverse. Team diversity, predominantly in offline groups, is known to correlate with team output, mostly with positive effects. How about in OSS? Using GitHub, the largest publicly available collection of OSS projects, we studied how gender and tenure diversity relate to team productivity and turnover. Using regression modeling of GitHub data and the results of a survey, we show that both gender and tenure diversity are positive and significant predictors of productivity, together explaining a sizable fraction of the data variability. These results can inform decision making on all levels, leading to better outcomes in recruiting and performance.	Gender and Tenure Diversity in GitHub Teams	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Preeti Mudliar:Nimmi Rangaswamy	Mobile Instant Messaging (MIM) apps such as WhatsApp are heralding new communication behaviors amongst students in peri-urban India. From an ethnographic study of a co-ed engineering college, we describe and analyze the role of WhatsApp in both engendering and balancing the ripples caused by cross gender communication. Through in-depth interviews and immersive participant observations in both physical as well as digital spaces, we show how WhatsApp emerges as the backbone of student interactions in a gender segregated academic environment. In analyzing social conditions and identifying structural features of WhatsApp that led to its bottoms up appropriation, our study presents possibilities for educators and designers aiming to create technology enabled collaborative spaces between people otherwise hemmed in by social norms from reaching out to one another.	Offline Strangers, Online Friends: Bridging Classroom Gender Segregation with WhatsApp	NA:NA	2015
Oliver L. Haimson:Anne E. Bowser:Edward F. Melcer:Elizabeth F. Churchill	Self-representation online can be difficult for those who are in life transitions that involve exploring new identity facets and changes in personal style. Many desire to tailor their online representations for different audiences. Social media site profiles and sharing settings offer varying levels of anonymity, privacy, and thus safety, but these settings are often opaque and poorly understood. To understand the complex relationship between identity, personal style and online self-representation, we examine how people explore and experiment with new styles in public and in private online settings during gender transition. We present the results of interviews with transgender people who have recently reinvented their personal style, or are planning to do so in the near future. We find that people explore new styles in online settings to craft possible or ideal future selves. When involving others, people engage intimate and unknown others, but often avoid weak ties. Our results indicate that to account for changing identities, social media sites must be designed to support finding inspiration and advice from strangers and style experimentation with close friends.	Online Inspiration and Exploration for Identity Reinvention	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Matthew Kay:Cynthia Matuszek:Sean A. Munson	Information environments have the power to affect people's perceptions and behaviors. In this paper, we present the results of studies in which we characterize the gender bias present in image search results for a variety of occupations. We experimentally evaluate the effects of bias in image search results on the images people choose to represent those careers and on people's perceptions of the prevalence of men and women in each occupation. We find evidence for both stereotype exaggeration and systematic underrepresentation of women in search results. We also find that people rate search results higher when they are consistent with stereotypes for a career, and shifting the representation of gender in image search results can shift people's perceptions about real-world distributions. We also discuss tensions between desires for high-quality results and broader societal goals for equality of representation in this space.	Unequal Representation and Gender Stereotypes in Image Search Results for Occupations	NA:NA:NA	2015
Jina Huh	NA	Session details: Coping & Wellbeing Through HCI	NA	2015
Artie Konrad:Victoria Bellotti:Nicole Crenshaw:Simon Tucker:Les Nelson:Honglu Du:Peter Pirolli:Steve Whittaker	Automated coaching systems offer a convenient, cost-effective way to reduce stress, which can be a serious health issue. However, one concern with such systems is compliance; users fail to achieve daily stress reduction goals because goals are too easy or too difficult. To address this, we built DStress (Design for Stress), a theoretically grounded system that sets adaptive goals in three coaching dimensions: Exercise, Meditation and Accessibility. DStress modifies goal-difficulty based on the individual's immediately previous performance. In a 28-day deployment with 65 users, DStress reduced scores on one direct measure of stress almost in half, significantly more than two other non-adaptive coaching strategies. However, on a second direct stress measure, no improvement was found. There were also no improvements on other indirect stress measures. Analysis of 2842 user-generated reports suggests our findings were the result of DStress balancing compliance against the degree of challenge of the goals it would set.	Finding the Adaptive Sweet Spot: Balancing Compliance and Achievement in Automated Stress Reduction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Chuang-wen You:Kuo-Cheng Wang:Ming-Chyi Huang:Yen-Chang Chen:Cheng-Lin Lin:Po-Shiun Ho:Hao-Chuan Wang:Polly Huang:Hao-Hua Chu	Alcohol dependence is a chronic disorder associated with severe harm in multiple areas, and relapsing is easy, despite treatment. This study proposes SoberDiary, a phone-based support system that enables alcohol-dependent patients to self-monitor and -manage their own alcohol behavior, and remain sober in their daily lives. We tested SoberDiary in a real-life 12-week user study involving 27 clinical patients. The quantitative and qualitative results revealed that SoberDiary helped patients self-monitor and -manage their alcohol-use behavior, and reduced their total alcohol consumption as well as the number of heavy drinking days. Compared with patients who received standard treatment alone, this study demonstrated SoberDiary successfully complemented current alcohol treatment in reducing patients' alcoholic cravings and dropout rate over 3-month study period. Follow-up interviews further revealed the sophisticated use practices and value of SoberDiary.	SoberDiary: A Phone-based Support System for Assisting Recovery from Alcohol Dependence	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Mark Blythe:Jamie Steane:Jenny Roe:Caroline Oliver	This paper reports a qualitative study of thriving older people and illustrates the findings with design fiction. Design research has been criticized as "solutionist" i.e. solving problems that don't exist or providing "quick fixes" for complex social, political and environmental problems. We respond to this critique by presenting a "solutionist" board game used to generate design concepts. Players are given data cards and technology dice, they move around the board by pitching concepts that would support positive aging. We argue that framing concept design as a solutionist game explicitly foregrounds play, irony and the limitations of technological intervention. Three of the game concepts are presented as design fictions in the form of advertisements for products and services that do not exist. The paper argues that design fiction can help create a space for design beyond solutionism.	Solutionism, the Game: Design Fictions for Positive Aging	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Celine Latulipe:Amy Gatto:Ha T. Nguyen:David P. Miller:Sara A. Quandt:Alain G. Bertoni:Alden Smith:Thomas A. Arcury	This paper describes the results of an interview study investigating facilitators and barriers to adoption of patient portals among low-income, older adults in rural and urban populations in the southeastern USA. We describe attitudes of this population of older adults and their current level of technology use and patient portal use. From qualitative analysis of 36 patient interviews and 16 caregiver interviews within these communities, we derive themes related to benefits of portals, barriers to use, concerns and desired features. Based on our initial findings, we present a set of considerations for designing the patient portal user experience, aimed at helping healthcare clinics to meet U.S. federally-mandated `meaningful use' requirements.	Design Considerations for Patient Portal Adoption by Low-Income, Older Adults	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Diego Martinez Plasencia	NA	Session details: Interacting with Floors & Situated Displays	NA	2015
Jörg Müller:Dieter Eberle:Constantin Schmidt	We present BaseLase, an interactive laser projected focus + context floor display. In order to provide a transportable system that works in areas where there are no ceilings, we provide an integrated unit (1.3m height) that stands on the floor. One unsolved challenge for laser projectors is to cover large projection areas while providing high resolution at the same time. Our focus + context laser projector solves this problem. BaseLase can cover a large context area in low resolution, while providing three movable high-resolution focus spots. We provide a convex mirror design that enables the laser to reach a large area (75m2) with low resolution while decreasing the beam divergence compared to spherical or parabolic mirrors. This hyperboloidal mirror shape approximately equalizes the point size on the floor independent from the projected location. We propose to add a number of planar mirrors on pan-tilt units to create dynamic zones of high resolution that can adjust to the user behavior. We provide example applications for BaseLase and report on user experience in preliminary trials.	BaseLase: An Interactive Focus+Context Laser Floor	NA:NA:NA	2015
Dominik Schmidt:Johannes Frohnhofen:Sven Knebel:Florian Meinel:Mariya Perchyk:Julian Risch:Jonathan Striebel:Julia Wachtel:Patrick Baudisch	The main appeal of touch floors is that they are the only direct touch form factor that scales to arbitrary size, therefore allowing direct touch to scale to very large numbers of display objects. In this paper, however, we argue that the price for this benefit is bad physical ergonomics: prolonged standing, especially in combination with looking down, quickly causes fatigue and repetitive strain. We propose addressing this issue by allowing users to operate touch floors in any pose they like, including sitting and lying. To allow users to transition between poses seamlessly, we present a simple pose-aware view manager that supports users by adjusting the entire view to the new pose. We support the main assumption behind the work with a simple study that shows that several poses are indeed more ergonomic for touch floor interaction than standing. We ground the design of our view manager by analyzing, which screen regions users can see and touch in each of the respective poses.	Ergonomic Interaction for Touch Floors	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Nicholas S. Dalton:Emily Collins:Paul Marshall	Observational studies of situated displays have suggested that they are rarely looked at, and when they are it is typically only for a short period of time. Using a mobile eye tracker during a realistic shopping task in a shopping center, we show that people look at displays more than would be predicted from these observational studies, but still only short glances and often from quite far away. We characterize the patterns of eye-movements that precede looking at a display and discuss some of the design implications for the design of situated display technologies that are deployed in public space.	Display Blindness?: Looking Again at the Visibility of Situated Displays using Eye-tracking	NA:NA:NA	2015
Bernd Huber:Joong Ho Lee:Ji-Hyung Park	Foot positions are features of how humans express their intentions during conversations. This inspired us to investigate the usage of foot expressions during interactions with computers. We conducted an observational study to determine how foot positions correlate with the intentions of users at public displays. Using our findings, we performed a case study to demonstrate the usefulness of adapting content according to the intentions detected based on foot positions. Our results are valuable for researchers designing context-aware public displays.	Detecting User Intention at Public Displays from Foot Positions	NA:NA:NA	2015
Michael Nebeling	NA	Session details: Multi-Device Interaction	NA	2015
Tero Jokela:Jarno Ojala:Thomas Olsson	As people possess increasing numbers of information devices, situations where several devices are combined and used together have become more common. We present a user study on people's current practices in combining multiple information devices in their everyday lives, ranging from pragmatic tasks to leisure activities. Based on diaries and interviews of 14 participants, we characterize the usage practices of the most common devices, including smartphones, computers, tablets, and home media centers. We analyze 123 real-life multi-device use cases and identify the main usage patterns, including Sequential Use, Resource Lending, Related Parallel Use, and Unrelated Parallel Use. We discuss the practical challenges of using several information devices together. Finally, we identify three levels of decisions that determine which devices are used in a particular situation, including acquiring, making available, and selecting the devices for use.	A Diary Study on Combining Multiple Information Devices in Everyday Activities and Tasks	NA:NA:NA	2015
Roman Rädle:Hans-Christian Jetter:Mario Schreiner:Zhihao Lu:Harald Reiterer:Yvonne Rogers	Cross-device interaction between multiple mobile devices is a popular field of research in HCI. However, the appropriate design of this interaction is still an open question, with competing approaches such as spatially-aware vs. spatially-agnostic techniques. In this paper, we present the results of a two-phase user study that explores this design space: In phase 1, we elicited gestures for typical mobile cross-device tasks from 4 focus groups (N=17). The results show that 71% of the elicited gestures were spatially-aware and that participants strongly associated cross-device tasks with interacting and thinking in space. In phase 2, we implemented one spatially-agnostic and two spatially-aware techniques from phase 1 and compared them in a controlled experiment (N=12). The results indicate that spatially-aware techniques are preferred by users and can decrease mental demand, effort, and frustration, but only when they are designed with great care. We conclude with a summary of findings to inform the design of future cross-device interactions.	Spatially-aware or Spatially-agnostic?: Elicitation and Evaluation of User-Defined Cross-Device Interactions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Pei-Yu (Peggy) Chi:Yang Li	We present Weave, a framework for developers to create cross-device wearable interaction by scripting. Weave provides a set of high-level APIs, based on JavaScript, for developers to easily distribute UI output and combine sensing events and user input across mobile and wearable devices. Weave allows developers to focus on their target interaction behaviors and manipulate devices regarding their capabilities and affordances, rather than low-level specifications. Weave also contributes an integrated authoring environment for developers to program and test cross-device behaviors, and when ready, deploy these behaviors to its runtime environment on users' ad-hoc network of devices. An evaluation of Weave with 12 participants on a range of tasks revealed that Weave significantly reduced the effort of developers for creating and iterating on cross-device interaction.	Weave: Scripting Cross-Device Wearable Interaction	NA:NA	2015
Jens Grubert:Matthias Heinisch:Aaron Quigley:Dieter Schmalstieg	Display devices on and around the body such as smartwatches, head-mounted displays or tablets enable users to interact on the go. However, diverging input and output fidelities of these devices can lead to interaction seams that can inhibit efficient mobile interaction, when users employ multiple devices at once. We present MultiFi, an interactive system that combines the strengths of multiple displays and overcomes the seams of mobile interaction with widgets distributed over multiple devices. A comparative user study indicates that combined head-mounted display and smartwatch interfaces can outperform interaction with single wearable devices.	MultiFi: Multi Fidelity Interaction with Displays On and Around the Body	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Cosmin Munteanu	NA	Session details: Speech & Auditory Interfaces	NA	2015
Baptiste Caramiaux:Alessandro Altavilla:Scott G. Pobiner:Atau Tanaka	Sonic interaction is the continuous relationship between user actions and sound, mediated by some technology. Because interaction with sound may be task oriented or experience-based it is important to understand the nature of action-sound relationships in order to design rich sonic interactions. We propose a participatory approach to sonic interaction design that first considers the affordances of sounds in order to imagine embodied interaction, and based on this, generates interaction models for interaction designers wishing to work with sound. We describe a series of workshops, called Form Follows Sound, where participants ideate imagined sonic interactions, and then realize working interactive sound prototypes. We introduce the Sonic Incident technique, as a way to recall memorable sound experiences. We identified three interaction models for sonic interaction design: conducting; manipulating; substituting. These three interaction models offer interaction designers and developers a framework on which they can build richer sonic interactions.	Form Follows Sound: Designing Interactions from Sonic Memories	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Donald McMillan:Antoine Loriette:Barry Brown	Voice interaction with mobile devices has been focused on hands-free interaction or situations where visual interfaces are not applicable. In this paper we explore a subtler means of interaction -- speech recognition from continual, in the background, audio recording of conversations. We call this the 'continuous speech stream' and explore how it could be repurposed as user input. We analyse ten days of recorded audio from our participants, alongside corresponding interviews, to explore how systems might make use of extracts from this stream. Rather than containing directly actionable items, our data suggests that the continuous speech stream is a rich resource for identifying users' next actions, along with the interests and dispositions of those being recorded. Through design workshops we explored new interactions using the speech stream, and describe concepts for individual, shared and distributed use.	Repurposing Conversation: Experiments with the Continuous Speech Stream	NA:NA:NA	2015
Maria K. Wolters:Jonathan Kilgour:Sarah E. MacPherson:Myroslava Dzikovska:Johanna D. Moore	Papers on voice interfaces for people with cognitive impairment or demenita only provide small snapshots of actual interactions, if at all. This is a major obstacle to the development of better interfaces. Transcripts of interactions between users and systems contain rich evidence of typical language patterns, indicate how users conceptualise their computer interlocutor, and highlight key design issues. In this paper, we introduce the CADENCE corpus and outline how it can be used to stimulate replicable research on inclusive voice interfaces. The CADENCE corpus is first data set of its kind to include rich data from people with cognitive impairment and free for research use. The corpus consists of transcribed spoken interactions between older people with and without cognitive impairment and a simulated Intelligent Cognitive Assistant and includes comprehensive data on users' cognitive abilities.	The CADENCE Corpus: A New Resource for Inclusive Voice Interface Design	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Hannah Limerick:James W. Moore:David Coyle	While the technology underlying speech interfaces has improved in recent years, our understanding of the human side of speech interactions remains limited. This paper provides new insight on one important human aspect of speech interactions: the sense of agency - defined as the experience of controlling one's own actions and their outcomes. Two experiments are described. In each case a voice command is compared with keyboard input. Agency is measured using an implicit metric: intentional binding. In both experiments we find that participants' sense of agency is significantly reduced for voice commands as compared to keyboard input. This finding presents a fundamental challenge for the design of effective speech interfaces. We reflect on this finding and, based on current theory in HCI and cognitive neuroscience, offer possible explanations for the reduced sense of agency observed in speech interfaces.	Empirical Evidence for a Diminished Sense of Agency in Speech Interfaces	NA:NA:NA	2015
Ioannis Politis:Stephen Brewster:Frank Pollick	Multimodal displays are increasingly being utilized as driver warnings. Abstract warnings, without any semantic association to the signified event, and language-based warnings are examples of such displays. This paper presents a first comparison between these two types, across all combinations of audio, visual and tactile modalities. Speech, text and Speech Tactons (a novel form of tactile warnings synchronous to speech) were compared to abstract pulses in two experiments. Results showed that recognition times of warning urgency during a non-critical driving situation were shorter for abstract warnings, highly urgent warnings and warnings including visual feedback. Response times during a critical situation were shorter for warnings including audio. We therefore suggest abstract visual feedback when informing drivers during a non-critical situation and audio in a highly critical one. Language-based warnings during a critical situation performed equally well as abstract ones, so they are suggested as less annoying vehicle alerts.	To Beep or Not to Beep?: Comparing Abstract versus Language-Based Multimodal Driver Displays	NA:NA:NA	2015
Pernille Bjorn	NA	Session details: Email & Social Media at Work	NA	2015
Benjamin V. Hanrahan:Manuel A. Pérez-Quiñones	In this paper we describe a study exploring why users spend more time in email than originally intended, which we call getting lost in email. To study this phenomenon, we implemented an IMAP logger that also dispatched diary entries to collect data for twenty participants over a two week period. Most participants reported getting lost in email during both short and long sessions. Our analysis suggests two primary factors in getting lost: the number of emails awaiting a reply and whether or not the session caused an interruption. We conclude that much of the problem around getting lost in email is in managing the tension between promptly responding to messages while limiting engagement with email.	Lost in Email: Pulling Users Down a Path of Interaction	NA:NA	2015
Rowanne Fleck:Anna L. Cox:Rosalyn A.V. Robison	Information and communication technologies (ICTs) continue to give us increased flexibility about when and where we choose to work and the freedom to deal with home tasks whilst at work. However more use of ICT for work during non-work time has been linked with negative outcomes including lower work and life satisfaction and increased stress. Previous work has suggested that in order to reduce some of these negative effects, people should adopt technology use strategies that aid separation of their home and work lives. In this paper we report the results of a questionnaire study investigating work-life balance boundary behaviours and technology use. We find that people use multiple devices as a way of creating boundaries between home and work, and the extent to which they do this relates to their boundary behaviour style. These findings have particular relevance given the increasing trend for Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) policies.	Balancing Boundaries: Using Multiple Devices to Manage Work-Life Balance	NA:NA:NA	2015
Marta E. Cecchinato:Anna L. Cox:Jon Bird	Technology not only brings benefits such as flexible working practices but can also have negative stressful consequences such as increasing email overload and the blurring of work-home boundaries. We report on an exploratory study that extends the current understanding of email usage by investigating how different professions at a university manage work and personal emails using different devices and how this impacts their work-home boundary management. Our findings lead us to identify two user groups: those with permeable boundaries (primarily academics) and those who have more rigid ones (primarily professional services employees) and that there are differences in when, where and how they manage their work and personal emails. In particular we find that some participants use micro-boundary strategies to manage transitions between work and personal life. Based on these novel findings we propose improvements of email software design to facilitate effective email, work-home boundary management, and support micro-boundary practices.	Working 9-5?: Professional Differences in Email and Boundary Management Practices	NA:NA:NA	2015
N. Sadat Shami:Michael Muller:Aditya Pal:Mikhil Masli:Werner Geyer	Employees increasingly are expressing ideas and feelings through enterprise social media. Recent work in CHI and CSCW has applied linguistic analysis towards understanding employee experiences. In this paper, we apply dictionary based linguistic analysis to measure 'Employee Engagement'. Employee engagement is a measure of employee willingness to apply discretionary effort towards organizational goals, and plays an important role in organizational outcomes such as financial or operational results. Organizations typically use surveys to measure engagement. This paper describes an approach to model employee engagement based on word choice in social media. This method can potentially complement surveys, thus providing more real-time insights into engagement and allowing organizations to address engagement issues faster. Our results predicting engagement scores on a survey by combining demographics with social media text demonstrate that social media text has significant predictive power compared to demographic data alone. We also find that engagement may be a state than a stable trait since social media posts closer to the administration of the survey had the most predictive power. We further identify the minimum number of social media posts required per employee for the best prediction.	Inferring Employee Engagement from Social Media	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Amy X. Zhang:Mark S. Ackerman:David R. Karger	Mailing lists have existed since the early days of email and are still widely used today, even as more sophisticated online forums and social media websites proliferate. The simplicity of mailing lists can be seen as a reason for their endurance, a source of dissatisfaction, and an opportunity for improvement. Using a mixed-method approach, we studied two community mailing lists in depth with interviews and surveys, and surveyed a broader spectrum of 28 lists. We report how members of the different communities use their lists and their goals and desires for them. We explore why members prefer mailing lists to other group communication tools. But we also identify several tensions around mailing list usage that appear to contribute to dissatisfaction with them. We conclude with design implications, discussing ways to alleviate these tensions while preserving mailing lists' appeal.	Mailing Lists: Why Are They Still Here, What's Wrong With Them, and How Can We Fix Them?	NA:NA:NA	2015
Svetlana Yarosh	NA	Session details: Understanding & Protecting Kids Tech Use	NA	2015
Karen Renaud:Joseph Maguire	In the physical world we have well-established mechanisms for keeping children out of adult-only areas. In the virtual world this is generally replaced by self declaration. Some service providers resort to using heavy-weight identification mechanisms, judging adulthood as a side effect thereof. Collection of identification data arguably constitutes an unwarranted privacy invasion in this context, if carried out merely to perform adulthood estimation. This paper presents a mechanism that exploits the adult's more extensive exposure to public media, relying on the likelihood that they will be able to recall details if cued by a carefully chosen picture. We conducted an online study to gauge the viability of this scheme. With our prototype we were able to predict that the user was a child 99% of the time. Unfortunately the scheme also misclassified too many adults. We discuss our results and suggest directions for future research.	Regulating Access to Adult Content (with Privacy Preservation)	NA:NA	2015
Pamela Wisniewski:Haiyan Jia:Na Wang:Saijing Zheng:Heng Xu:Mary Beth Rosson:John M. Carroll	We cannot fully protect adolescents from experiencing online risks; however, we can aim to better understand how online risk experiences impact teens, factors that contribute to or prevent teens from exposure to risk, as well as factors that can protect teens from psychological harm in spite of online risk exposure. Through a web-based survey study of 75 adolescents in the US, we develop and empirically validate a theoretical model of adolescent resilience in the presence of online risks. We show evidence that resilience is a key factor in protecting teens from experiencing online risks, even when teens exhibit high levels of Internet addiction. Resilience also neutralizes the negative psychological effects associated with Internet addiction and online risk exposure. Therefore, we emphasize the importance of design solutions that foster teen resilience and strength building, as opposed to solutions targeted toward parents that often focus on restriction and risk prevention.	Resilience Mitigates the Negative Effects of Adolescent Internet Addiction and Online Risk Exposure	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jin Yea Jang:Kyungsik Han:Patrick C. Shih:Dongwon Lee	The emergence of social media has had a significant impact on how people communicate and socialize. Teens use social media to make and maintain social connections with friends and build their reputation. However, the way of analyzing the characteristics of teens in social media has mostly relied on ethnographic accounts or quantitative analyses with small datasets. This paper shows the possibility of detecting age information in user profiles by using a combination of textual and facial recognition methods and presents a comparative study of 27K teens and adults in Instagram. Our analysis highlights that (1) teens tend to post fewer photos but highly engage in adding more tags to their own photos and receiving more Likes and comments about their photos from others, and (2) to post more selfies and express themselves more than adults, showing a higher sense of self-representation. We demonstrate the application of our novel method that shows clear trends of age differences as well as substantiates previous insights in social media.	Generation Like: Comparative Characteristics in Instagram	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Katie Davis:Eve Klein	This paper investigates high school students' perceptions of the opportunities and challenges of using digital badges to recognize and reward the skills and achievements they acquire in an afterschool science education program. Focus groups and usability tests were conducted with 10 students during the design of a badge system prototype for use in the program. We found that students recognized opportunities for personal empowerment in their use of badges, but also expressed concerns about sharing badges in various online contexts. The findings provide new insight into the values and goals that learners bring to discussions of digital badges in education. These insights hold relevance for designers of education-based badge systems as well as educators seeking to introduce badges into their practice.	Investigating High School Students' Perceptions of Digital Badges in Afterschool Learning	NA:NA	2015
Elena Glassman	NA	Session details: Social Media & Citizen Science	NA	2015
Catherine Grevet:Eric Gilbert	We propose a technique we call piggyback prototyping, a prototyping mechanism for designing new social computing systems on top of existing ones. Traditional HCI prototyping techniques do not translate well to large social computing systems. To address this gap, we describe a 6-stage process for prototyping new social computing systems using existing online systems, such as Twitter or Facebook. This allows researchers to focus on what people do on their system rather than how to attract people to it. We illustrate this technique with an instantiation on Twitter to pair people who are different from each other in airports. Even though there were many missed meetings, 53% of survey respondents would be interested in being matched again, and eight people even met in person. Through piggyback prototyping, we gained insight into the future design of this system. We conclude the paper with considerations for privacy, consent, volume of users, and evaluation metrics.	Piggyback Prototyping: Using Existing, Large-Scale Social Computing Systems to Prototype New Ones	NA:NA	2015
Thomas Hillman:Alexandra Weilenmann	In this paper we draw upon a number of explorations of social media activities, trying to capture and understand them as located, situated practices. This methodological endeavor spans over analyzing patterns in big data feeds (here Instagram) as well as small-scale video-based ethnographic studies of user activities. A situated social media perspective involves examining how social media production and consumption are intertwined. Drawing upon our studies of social media use in cultural institutions we show how visitors orient to their social media presence while attending to physical space during a visit, and how editing and sharing processes are formed by the trajectory through a space. We discuss the application and relevance of this approach for understanding social media and social photography in situ.	Situated Social Media Use: A Methodological Approach to Locating Social Media Practices and Trajectories	NA:NA	2015
Justin Cheng:Jaime Teevan:Shamsi T. Iqbal:Michael S. Bernstein	A large, seemingly overwhelming task can sometimes be transformed into a set of smaller, more manageable microtasks that can each be accomplished independently. For example, it may be hard to subjectively rank a large set of photographs, but easy to sort them in spare moments by making many pairwise comparisons. In crowdsourcing systems, microtasking enables unskilled workers with limited commitment to work together to complete tasks they would not be able to do individually. We explore the costs and benefits of decomposing macrotasks into microtasks for three task categories: arithmetic, sorting, and transcription. We find that breaking these tasks into microtasks results in longer overall task completion times, but higher quality outcomes and a better experience that may be more resilient to interruptions. These results suggest that microtasks can help people complete high quality work in interruption-driven environments.	Break It Down: A Comparison of Macro- and Microtasks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Stacey Kuznetsov:Carrie Doonan:Nathan Wilson:Swarna Mohan:Scott E. Hudson:Eric Paulos	DIYbio (Do It Yourself Biology) is a growing movement of scientists, hobbyists, artists, and tinkerers who practice biology outside of professional settings. In this paper, we present our work with several open source DIYbio tools, including OpenPCR and Pearl Blue Transilluminator, which can be used to test DNA samples for specific sequences. We frame these platforms as things that gather heterogeneous materials and concerns, and enable new forms of knowledge transfer. Working with these hybrid systems in professional and DIY settings, we conducted a workshop where non-biologists tested food products for genetic modifications. Our findings suggest new design directions at the intersection of biology, technology, and DIY: i) DIYbio platforms as rich tools for hybrid knowledge production; and ii) open source biology as a site for public engagement with science.	DIYbio Things: Open Source Biology Tools as Platforms for Hybrid Knowledge Production and Scientific Participation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Ramine Tinati:Max Van Kleek:Elena Simperl:Markus Luczak-Rösch:Robert Simpson:Nigel Shadbolt	Designing an effective and sustainable citizen science (CS)project requires consideration of a great number of factors. This makes the overall process unpredictable, even when a sound, user-centred design approach is followed by an experienced team of UX designers. Moreover, when such systems are deployed, the complexity of the resulting interactions challenges any attempt to generalisation from retrospective analysis. In this paper, we present a case study of the largest single platform of citizen driven data analysis projects to date, the Zooniverse. By eliciting, through structured reflection, experiences of core members of its design team, our grounded analysis yielded four sets of themes, focusing on Task Specificity, Community Development, Task Design and Public Relations and Engagement, supported by two-to-four specific design claims each. For each, we propose a set of design claims (DCs), drawing comparisons to the literature on crowdsourcing and online communities to contextualise our findings.	Designing for Citizen Data Analysis: A Cross-Sectional Case Study of a Multi-Domain Citizen Science Platform	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Megan French:Madeline E. Smith:Jeremy Birnholtz:Jeff T. Hancock	The ubiquity of mobile devices has resulted in more opportunities to interact with more people than ever before. Given a finite capacity for interaction with others, people commonly manage their availability by limiting others' access to them. Prior work has demonstrated the importance of doing so in a relationally sensitive way and identified the butler lie, in which deception is used to manage availability, as a common linguistic strategy. Two key limitations of existing exploratory work, however, are limited samples of primarily students and a focus on media properties in understanding ambiguity that enables butler lies to be plausible. This paper aims to address these issues via a broad field study of deception and butler lies using a novel message-sampling method employed via a custom mobile app. Results show clear evidence of butler lies occurring in a broader population, with some gender differences; and urge adoption of a multi-level framework for understanding ambiguity that also includes private information and infrastructure-level attributes of interaction media.	Is This How We (All) Do It?: Butler Lies and Ambiguity Through a Broader Lens	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Tawanna Dillahunt	NA	Session details: Disasters & Humanitarian Events	NA	2015
Thomas Ludwig:Christian Reuter:Tim Siebigteroth:Volkmar Pipek	Emergencies such as the 2013 Central European flood or the 2013 typhoon Haiyan in Philippines have shown how citizens can organize themselves and coordinate private relief activities. These activities can be found in (physical) groups of affected people, but also within (digital) social media communities. There is an evident need, however, for a clearer picture of what exactly is going on to be available for use by the official emergency services: to enlist them, to keep them safe, to support their efforts and to avoid needless duplications or conflicts. Aligning emergency services and volunteer activities is, then, crucial. In this paper we present a mobile crowd sensing based concept, which was designed as well as implemented as the application CrowdMonitor and facilitates the detection of physical and digital activities and the assignment of specific tasks to citizens. Finally we outline the findings of its evaluation.	CrowdMonitor: Mobile Crowd Sensing for Assessing Physical and Digital Activities of Citizens during Emergencies	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Christian Reuter:Thomas Ludwig:Marc-André Kaufhold:Volkmar Pipek	Recent disasters have shown an increase in the significance of social media for both affected citizens and volunteers alike in the coordination of information and organization of relief activities, often independently of and in addition to the official emergency response. Existing research mainly focuses on the way in which individual platforms are used by volunteers in response to disasters. This paper examines the use of social media during the European Floods of 2013 and proposes a novel cross-social-media application for volunteers. Besides comprehensive analysis of volunteer communities, interviews were conducted with "digital volunteers" such as Facebook moderators of disaster-related groups. Based on the challenges identified, we designed and implemented the cross-social-media application "XHELP", which allows information to be both, acquired and distributed cross-media and cross-channel. The evaluation with 20 users leads to further design requirements for applications aiming to support volunteer moderators during disasters.	XHELP: Design of a Cross-Platform Social-Media Application to Support Volunteer Moderators in Disasters	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Joel E. Fischer:Stuart Reeves:Tom Rodden:Steve Reece:Sarvapali D. Ramchurn:David Jones	Command and control environments ranging from transport control rooms to disaster response have long been of interest to HCI and CSCW as rich sites of interactive technology use embedded in work practice. Drawing on our engagement with disaster response teams, including ethnography of their training work, we unpack the ways in which situational uncertainty is managed while a shared operational 'picture' is constituted through various practices around tabletop work. Our analysis reveals how this picture is collaboratively assembled as a socially shared object and displayed by drawing on digital and physical resources. Accordingly, we provide a range of principles implicated by our study that guide the design of systems augmenting and enriching disaster response work practices. In turn, we propose the Augmented Bird Table to illustrate how our principles can be implemented to support tabletop work.	Building a Birds Eye View: Collaborative Work in Disaster Response	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Leysia Palen:Robert Soden:T. Jennings Anderson:Mario Barrenechea	OpenStreetMap (OSM) is a volunteer-driven, globally distributed organization whose members work to create a common digital map of the world. OSM embraces ideals of open data, and to that end innovates both socially and technically to develop practices and processes for coordinated operation. This paper provides a brief history of OSM and then, through quantitative and qualitative examination of the OSM database and other sites of articulation work, examines organizational growth through the lens of two catastrophes that spurred enormous humanitarian relief responses-the 2010 Haiti Earthquake and the 2013 Typhoon Yolanda. The temporally- and geographically- constrained events scope analysis for what is a rapidly maturing, whole-planet operation. The first disaster identified how OSM could support other organizations responding to the event. However, to achieve this, OSM has had to refine mechanisms of collaboration around map creation, which were tested again in Typhoon Yolanda. The transformation of work between these two events yields insights into the organizational development of large, data-producing online organizations.	Success & Scale in a Data-Producing Organization: The Socio-Technical Evolution of OpenStreetMap in Response to Humanitarian Events	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Yi-Ping Hung	NA	Session details: Home Physiotherapy & Rehabilitation	NA	2015
Richard Tang:Xing-Dong Yang:Scott Bateman:Joaquim Jorge:Anthony Tang	Physiotherapy patients exercising at home alone are at risk of re-injury since they do not have corrective guidance from a therapist. To explore solutions to this problem, we designed [email protected], a prototype that guides people through prerecorded physiotherapy exercises using real-time visual guides and multi-camera views. Our design addresses several aspects of corrective guidance, including: plane and range of movement, joint positions and angles, and extent of movement. We evaluated our design, com-paring how closely people could follow exercise movements under various feedback conditions. Participants were most accurate when using our visual guide and multi-views. We provide suggestions for exercise guidance systems drawn from qualitative findings on visual feedback complexity.	[email protected]: Exploring Visual Guidance and Feedback Techniques for Physiotherapy Exercises	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Daniel Tetteroo:Paul Vreugdenhil:Ivor Grisel:Marc Michielsen:Els Kuppens:Diana Vanmulken:Panos Markopoulos	Clinical researchers in rehabilitation technology have often called for exercise customization to address patient specific needs. Where such customization transcends simple parameter setting, the need for End-User Development (EUD) arises. EUD in this field can potentially tap on the expertise of highly skilled workers, but presents serious challenges regarding acceptance by end users and the feasibility of embedding EUD in their professional practice. This paper describes the deployment and adoption process of TagTrainer, a physical rehabilitation technology that supports EUD. TagTrainer was deployed in four rehabilitation clinics and was used by 24 rehabilitation therapists. We analyze how they engaged in EUD activities and we discuss decisions that we took in the design and deployment of TagTrainer. Based on these case studies, we present guidelines for the deployment of EUD systems.	Lessons Learnt from Deploying an End-User Development Platform for Physical Rehabilitation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Jan David Smeddinck:Marc Herrlich:Rainer Malaka	Exergames are increasingly considered as an exercise instruction modality in health applications. Studies are typically conducted in non-situated contexts and capture short-term effects. We present first results from a medium-scale study conducted over the course of 5 weeks and integrated into a normal rehabilitation program. The study features three groups, comparing manually adjustable exergames with the identical games in adaptive versions and manual physiotherapy interventions without games. The results indicate that the exergames and traditional therapy are comparable regarding measures of competence and enjoyment, while exergames led to significantly higher scores for autonomy, presence, and in a functional reach test. With traditional therapy, scores for tension-pressure and effort-importance were significantly higher. The initial results of the broader study presented in this paper deliver insights regarding motivational aspects of exergames and traditional therapy and point out which motivational aspects could be strengthened in future implementations.	Exergames for Physiotherapy and Rehabilitation: A Medium-term Situated Study of Motivational Aspects and Impact on Functional Reach	NA:NA:NA	2015
Paul James Noble	Resilience, the ability to bounce back or manage sufficiently despite ongoing adversity, has received considerable interest from several domains over the last two decades. A concept that is easily and widely applicable, it has evolved a variety of nuanced interpretations. Recent work in the systems theory and resilience engineering domains has moved towards some sharper definitions. This paper discusses and develops these definitions, and by contrasting with robustness, applies them as an approach for HCI evaluation. Ethnographic data from a hospital training environment is used to examine how patients learn to operate home haemodialysis devices, and how patients' safety is managed and maintained. This paper concludes that to improve recovery of adverse situations within the home, there is a necessity for design to support the acquirement of resilient reaction as a skill, in hand with temporal management. These ideas are developed in conjunction with the consideration of how technology can support, or nudge, the expression of resilient behaviours.	Resilience Ex Machina: Learning a Complex Medical Device for Haemodialysis Self-Treatment	NA	2015
Katie O'Leary:Jordan Eschler:Logan Kendall:Lisa M. Vizer:James D. Ralston:Wanda Pratt	We introduce a mixed-methods approach for determining how people weigh tradeoffs in values related to health and technologies for health self-management. Our approach combines interviews with Q-methodology, a method from psychology uniquely suited to quantifying opinions. We derive the framework for structured data collection and analysis for the Q-methodology from theories of self-management of chronic illness and technology adoption. To illustrate the power of this new approach, we used it in a field study of nine older adults with type 2 diabetes, and nine mothers of children with asthma. Our mixed-methods approach provides three key advantages for health design science in HCI: (1) it provides a structured health sciences theoretical framework to guide data collection and analysis; (2) it enhances the coding of unstructured data with statistical patterns of polarizing and consensus views; and (3) it empowers participants to actively weigh competing values that are most personally significant to them.	Understanding Design Tradeoffs for Health Technologies: A Mixed-Methods Approach	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Tom Bartindale	NA	Session details: Interaction Techniques for Tables & Walls	NA	2015
Chang-Min Kim:Tek-Jin Nam	We present an elevating tangible block, G-raff that supports spatial interaction in a tabletop computing environment. The elevating head part of G-raff moves according to the given height and angle data. We adopted two rollable metal tape structures to create large movements with a small volume block. On the head part, a smartphone can be mounted either horizontally or vertically. G-raff becomes a device that can connect a mobile device with a tabletop computer, thus a new spatial representation and control interaction is made. This paper introduces the design details, key features and applications of G-raff. We report on the results of a preliminary user study and discuss future work to improve the elevating device. This work contributes to maximizing the availability of augmented reality space above the tabletop display.	G-raff: An Elevating Tangible Block for Spatial Tabletop Interaction	NA:NA	2015
Sven Mayer:Katrin Wolf:Stefan Schneegass:Niels Henze	Distant pointing at objects and persons is a highly expressive gesture that is widely used in human communication. Pointing is also used to control a range of interactive systems. For determining where a user is pointing at, different ray casting methods have been proposed. In this paper we assess how accurately humans point over distance and how to improve it. Participants pointed at projected targets from 2m and 3m while standing and sitting. Testing three common ray casting methods, we found that even with the most accurate one the average error is 61.3cm. We found that all tested ray casting methods are affected by systematic displacements. Therefore, we trained a polynomial to compensate this displacement. We show that using a user-, pose-, and distant-independent quartic polynomial can reduce the average error by 37.3%	Modeling Distant Pointing for Compensating Systematic Displacements	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Mikkel R. Jakobsen:Kasper Hornbæk	Physical movement plays an important role in interaction with wall-displays. Earlier work on its effect on performance has been inconclusive, however, because movement has not been experimentally controlled. In a first experiment, we controlled participants' ability to physically move in front of a 3-meter wide 24-megapixel wall-display. Participants performed a classification task involving navigation using a zoom-and-pan interface. Results suggest that the ability to move does not increase performance, and that a majority of participants used virtual navigation (i.e., zooming and panning) and little or no physical navigation (i.e., moving their bodies). To isolate the effects of physical and virtual navigation, a second experiment compared conditions where participants could navigate using either only physical movement or only virtual navigation. The second experiment showed that physical movement does benefit performance. The results from the experiments suggest that moving may not be improving performance, depending on the use of virtual navigation.	Is Moving Improving?: Some Effects of Locomotion in Wall-Display Interaction	NA:NA	2015
Jayson Turner:Jason Alexander:Andreas Bulling:Hans Gellersen	Our work investigates the use of gaze and multitouch to fluidly perform rotate-scale-translate (RST) tasks on large displays. The work specifically aims to understand if gaze can provide benefit in such a task, how task complexity affects performance, and how gaze and multitouch can be combined to create an integral input structure suited to the task of RST. We present four techniques that individually strike a different balance between gaze-based and touch-based translation while maintaining concurrent rotation and scaling operations. A 16 participant empirical evaluation revealed that three of our four techniques present viable options for this scenario, and that larger distances and rotation/scaling operations can significantly affect a gaze-based translation configuration. Furthermore we uncover new insights regarding multimodal integrality, finding that gaze and touch can be combined into configurations that pertain to integral or separable input structures.	Gaze+RST: Integrating Gaze and Multitouch for Remote Rotate-Scale-Translate Tasks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
Khalil Klouche:Tuukka Ruotsalo:Diogo Cabral:Salvatore Andolina:Andrea Bellucci:Giulio Jacucci	Exploratory search confront users with challenges in expressing search intents as the current search interfaces require investigating result listings to identify search directions, iterative typing, and reformulating queries. We present the design of Exploration Wall, a touch-based search user interface that allows incremental exploration and sense-making of large information spaces by combining entity search, flexible use of result entities as query parameters, and spatial configuration of search streams that are visualized for interaction. Entities can be flexibly reused to modify and create new search streams, and manipulated to inspect their relationships with other entities. Data comprising of task-based experiments comparing Exploration Wall with conventional search user interface indicate that Exploration Wall achieves significantly improved recall for exploratory search tasks while preserving precision. Subjective feedback supports our design choices and indicates improved user satisfaction and engagement. Our findings can help to design user interfaces that can effectively support exploratory search on touch devices.	Designing for Exploratory Search on Touch Devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
David Flatla	NA	Session details: Interacting with GUIs	NA	2015
Mathieu Nancel:Daniel Vogel:Edward Lank	Clutching is usually assumed to be triggered by a lack of physical space and detrimental to pointing performance. We conduct a controlled experiment using a laptop trackpad where the effect of clutching on pointing performance is dissociated from the effects of control-to-display transfer functions. Participants performed a series of target acquisition tasks using typical cursor acceleration functions with and without clutching. All pointing tasks were feasible without clutching, but clutch-less movements were harder to perform, caused more errors, required more preparation time, and were not faster than clutch-enabled movements.	Clutching Is Not (Necessarily) the Enemy	NA:NA:NA	2015
Duncan P. Brumby:Susan Zhuang	Menu interfaces often arrange options into semantic groups. This semantic structure is then usually conveyed to the user by supplementary visual grouping cues. We investigate whether these visual grouping cues actually help users locate items in menus faster, and whether there is potential for these powerful grouping cues to impede search when used inappropriately. Thirty-six participants performed known-item searches of word menus. These menus differed along three dimensions: (1) whether visual grouping cues were used, (2) whether items were semantically organized, and (3) the number of items belonging to each semantic group. Results show that the usefulness of visual grouping entirely depends on the underlying semantic structure of the menu. When menus were semantically organized, having visual grouping cues delineate the boundaries between large semantic groups resulted in the fastest search times. But when semantically unrelated items were visually grouped together, participants took far longer to locate targets. Menu designers should therefore take great care to avoid visually grouping semantically unrelated items as this has the potential to hinder menu interactions.	Visual Grouping in Menu Interfaces	NA:NA	2015
Ghita Jalal:Nolwenn Maudet:Wendy E. Mackay	Although ubiquitous, color pickers have remained largely unchanged for 25 years. Based on contextual interviews with artists and designers, we created the Color Portraits design space to characterize five key color manipulation activities: sampling and tweaking individual colors, manipulating color relationships, combining colors with other elements, revisiting previous color choices, and revealing a design process through color. We found similar color manipulation requirements with scientists and engineers. We designed novel color interaction tools inspired by the design space, and used them as probes to identify specific design requirements, including: interactive palettes for sampling colors and exploring relationships; color composites for blending and decomposing colors with other elements; interactive histories to enable reuse of previous color choices; and providing color as a way to reveal underlying processes. We argue that color tools should allow users to interact with colors, not just pick or sample them.	Color Portraits: From Color Picking to Interacting with Color	NA:NA:NA	2015
Xiuli Chen:Gilles Bailly:Duncan P. Brumby:Antti Oulasvirta:Andrew Howes	One reason that human interaction with technology is difficult to understand is because the way in which people perform interactive tasks is highly adaptive. One such interactive task is menu search. In the current article we test the hypothesis that menu search is rationally adapted to (1) the ecological structure of interaction, (2) cognitive and perceptual limits, and (3) the goal to maximise the trade-off between speed and accuracy. Unlike in previous models, no assumptions are made about the strategies available to or adopted by users, rather the menu search problem is specified as a reinforcement learning problem and behaviour emerges by finding the optimal Markov Decision Process (MDP). The model is tested against existing empirical findings concerning the effect of menu organisation and menu length. The model predicts the effect of these variables on task completion time and eye movements. The discussion considers the pros and cons of the modelling approach relative to other well-known mod- elling approaches.	The Emergence of Interactive Behavior: A Model of Rational Menu Search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2015
