Cynthia Rudin	While the trend in machine learning has tended towards more complex hypothesis spaces, it is not clear that this extra complexity is always necessary or helpful for many domains. In particular, models and their predictions are often made easier to understand by adding interpretability constraints. These constraints shrink the hypothesis space; that is, they make the model simpler. Statistical learning theory suggests that generalization may be improved as a result as well. However, adding extra constraints can make optimization (exponentially) harder. For instance it is much easier in practice to create an accurate neural network than an accurate and sparse decision tree. We address the following question: Can we show that a simple-but-accurate machine learning model might exist for our problem, before actually finding it? If the answer is promising, it would then be worthwhile to solve the harder constrained optimization problem to find such a model. In this talk, I present an easy calculation to check for the possibility of a simpler model. This calculation indicates that simpler-but-accurate models do exist in practice more often than you might think. I then briefly overview several new methods for interpretable machine learning. These methods are for (i) sparse optimal decision trees, (ii) sparse linear integer models (also called medical scoring systems), and (iii) interpretable case-based reasoning in deep neural networks for computer vision.	Do Simpler Models Exist and How Can We Find Them?	NA	2018
Peter Lee	Data and data analysis are widely assumed to be the key part of the solution to healthcare systems' problems. Indeed, there are countless ways in which data can be converted into better medical diagnostic tools, more effective therapeutics, and improved productivity for clinicians. But while there is clearly great potential, some big challenges remain to make this all a reality, including making access to health data easier, addressing privacy and ethics concerns, and ensuring the clinical safety of "learning" systems. This talk illustrates what is possible in healthcare technology, and details key challenges that currently prevent this from becoming a reality.	The Unreasonable Effectiveness, and Difficulty, of Data in Healthcare	NA	2018
Sho Inaba:Carl T. Fakhry:Rahul V. Kulkarni:Kourosh Zarringhalam	We present a reformulation of the distance metric learning problem as a penalized optimization problem, with a penalty term corresponding to the von Neumann entropy of the distance metric. This formulation leads to a mapping to statistical mechanics such that the metric learning optimization problem becomes equivalent to free energy minimization. Correspondingly, our approach leads to an analytical solution of the optimization problem based on the Boltzmann distribution. The mapping established in this work suggests new approaches for dimensionality reduction and provides insights into determination of optimal parameters for the penalty term. Furthermore, we demonstrate that the metric projects the data onto direction of maximum dissimilarity with optimal and tunable separation between classes and thus the transformation can be used for high dimensional data visualization, classification, and clustering tasks. We benchmark our method against previous distance learning methods and provide an efficient implementation in an R package available to download at: \urlhttps://github.com/kouroshz/fenn	A Free Energy Based Approach for Distance Metric Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qingxin Meng:Hengshu Zhu:Keli Xiao:Le Zhang:Hui Xiong	The understanding of job mobility can benefit talent management operations in a number of ways, such as talent recruitment, talent development, and talent retention. While there is extensive literature showing the predictability of the organization-level job mobility patterns (e.g., in terms of the employee turnover rate), there are no effective solutions for supporting the understanding of job mobility at an individual level. To this end, in this paper, we propose a hierarchical career-path-aware neural network for learning individual-level job mobility. Specifically, we aim at answering two questions related to individuals in their career paths: 1) who will be the next employer? 2) how long will the individual work in the new position? Specifically, our model exploits a hierarchical neural network structure with embedded attention mechanism for characterizing the internal and external job mobility. Also, it takes personal profile information into consideration in the learning process. Finally, the extensive results on real-world data show that the proposed model can lead to significant improvements in prediction accuracy for the two aforementioned prediction problems. Moreover, we show that the above two questions are well addressed by our model with a certain level of interpretability. For the case studies, we provide data-driven evidence showing interesting patterns associated with various factors (e.g., job duration, firm type, etc.) in the job mobility prediction process.	A Hierarchical Career-Path-Aware Neural Network for Job Mobility Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pinghui Wang:Yiyan Qi:Yuanming Zhang:Qiaozhu Zhai:Chenxu Wang:John C.S. Lui:Xiaohong Guan	Estimating set similarity and detecting highly similar sets are fundamental problems in areas such as databases, machine learning, and information retrieval. MinHash is a well-known technique for approximating Jaccard similarity of sets and has been successfully used for many applications such as similarity search and large scale learning. Its two compressed versions, b-bit MinHash and Odd Sketch, can significantly reduce the memory usage of the original MinHash method, especially for estimating high similarities (i.e., similarities around 1). Although MinHash can be applied to static sets as well as streaming sets, of which elements are given in a streaming fashion and cardinality is unknown or even infinite, unfortunately, b-bit MinHash and Odd Sketch fail to deal with streaming data. To solve this problem, we design a memory efficient sketch method, MaxLogHash, to accurately estimate Jaccard similarities in streaming sets. Compared to MinHash, our method uses smaller sized registers (each register consists of less than 7 bits) to build a compact sketch for each set. We also provide a simple yet accurate estimator for inferring Jaccard similarity from MaxLogHash sketches. In addition, we derive formulas for bounding the estimation error and determine the smallest necessary memory usage (i.e., the number of registers used for a MaxLogHash sketch) for the desired accuracy. We conduct experiments on a variety of datasets, and experimental results show that our method MaxLogHash is about 5 times more memory efficient than MinHash with the same accuracy and computational cost for estimating high similarities.	A Memory-Efficient Sketch Method for Estimating High Similarities in Streaming Sets	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bo Wang:Minghui Qiu:Xisen Wang:Yaliang Li:Yu Gong:Xiaoyi Zeng:Jun Huang:Bo Zheng:Deng Cai:Jingren Zhou	Deep neural network based transfer learning has been widely used to leverage information from the domain with rich data to help domain with insufficient data. When the source data distribution is different from the target data, transferring knowledge between these domains may lead to negative transfer. To mitigate this problem, a typical way is to select useful source domain data for transferring. However, limited studies focus on selecting high-quality source data to help neural network based transfer learning. To bridge this gap, we propose a general Minimax Game based model for selective Transfer Learning (MGTL). More specifically, we build a selector, a discriminator and a TL module in the proposed method. The discriminator aims to maximize the differences between selected source data and target data, while the selector acts as an attacker to selected source data that are close to the target to minimize the differences. The TL module trains on the selected data and provides rewards to guide the selector. Those three modules play a minimax game to help select useful source data for transferring. Our method is also shown to speed up the training process of the learning task in the target domain than traditional TL methods. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first to build a minimax game based model for selective transfer learning. To examine the generality of our method, we evaluate it on two different tasks: item recommendation and text retrieval. Extensive experiments over both public and real-world datasets demonstrate that our model outperforms the competing methods by a large margin. Meanwhile, the quantitative evaluation shows our model can select data which are close to target data. Our model is also deployed in a real-world system and significant improvement over the baselines is observed.	A Minimax Game for Instance based Selective Transfer Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuchao Liu:Ery Arias-Castro	We consider the problem of localizing a submatrix with larger-than-usual entry values inside a data matrix, without the prior knowledge of the submatrix size. We establish an optimization framework based on a multiscale scan statistic, and develop algorithms in order to approach the optimizer. We also show that our estimator only requires a signal strength of the same order as the minimax estimator with oracle knowledge of the submatrix size, to exactly recover the anomaly with high probability. We perform some simulations that show that our estimator has superior performance compared to other estimators which do not require prior submatrix knowledge, while being comparatively faster to compute.	A Multiscale Scan Statistic for Adaptive Submatrix Localization	NA:NA	2018
Elias Chaibub Neto:Abhishek Pratap:Thanneer M. Perumal:Meghasyam Tummalacherla:Brian M. Bot:Lara Mangravite:Larsson Omberg	Machine learning applications are often plagued with confounders that can impact the generalizability of the learners. In clinical settings, demographic characteristics often play the role of confounders. Confounding is especially problematic in remote digital health studies where the participants self-select to enter the study, thereby making it difficult to balance the demographic characteristics of participants. One effective approach to combat confounding is to match samples with respect to the confounding variables in order to improve the balance of the data. This procedure, however, leads to smaller datasets and hence negatively impact the inferences drawn from the learners. Alternatively, confounding adjustment methods that make more efficient use of the data (such as inverse probability weighting) usually rely on modeling assumptions, and it is unclear how robust these methods are to violations of these assumptions. Here, instead of proposing a new method to control for confounding, we develop novel permutation based statistical tools to detect and quantify the influence of observed confounders, and estimate the unconfounded performance of the learner. Our tools can be used to evaluate the effectiveness of existing confounding adjustment methods. We evaluate the statistical properties of our methods in a simulation study, and illustrate their application using real-life data from a Parkinson's disease mobile health study collected in an uncontrolled environment.	A Permutation Approach to Assess Confounding in Machine Learning Applications for Digital Health	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yifan Hou:Hongzhi Chen:Changji Li:James Cheng:Ming-Chang Yang	Representation learning on graphs, also called graph embedding, has demonstrated its significant impact on a series of machine learning applications such as classification, prediction and recommendation. However, existing work has largely ignored the rich information contained in the properties (or attributes) of both nodes and edges of graphs in modern applications, e.g., those represented by property graphs. To date, most existing graph embedding methods either focus on plain graphs with only the graph topology, or consider properties on nodes only. We propose PGE, a graph representation learning framework that incorporates both node and edge properties into the graph embedding procedure. PGE uses node clustering to assign biases to differentiate neighbors of a node and leverages multiple data-driven matrices to aggregate the property information of neighbors sampled based on a biased strategy. PGE adopts the popular inductive model for neighborhood aggregation. We provide detailed analyses on the efficacy of our method and validate the performance of PGE by showing how PGE achieves better embedding results than the state-of-the-art graph embedding methods on benchmark applications such as node classification and link prediction over real-world datasets.	A Representation Learning Framework for Property Graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yang Yang:Da-Wei Zhou:De-Chuan Zhan:Hui Xiong:Yuan Jiang	Recent years have witnessed growing interests in developing deep models for incremental learning. However, existing approaches often utilize the fixed structure and online backpropagation for deep model optimization, which is difficult to be implemented for incremental data scenarios. Indeed, for streaming data, there are two main challenges for building deep incremental models. First, there is a requirement to develop deep incremental models with Capacity Scalability. In other words, the entire training data are not available before learning the task. It is a challenge to make the deep model structure scaling with streaming data for flexible model evolution and faster convergence. Second, since the stream data distribution usually changes in nature (concept drift), there is a constraint for Capacity Sustainability. That is, how to update the model while preserving previous knowledge for overcoming the catastrophic forgetting. To this end, in this paper, we develop an incremental adaptive deep model (IADM) for dealing with the above two capacity challenges in real-world incremental data scenarios. Specifically, IADM provides an extra attention model for the hidden layers, which aims to learn deep models with adaptive depth from streaming data and enables capacity scalability. Also, we address capacity sustainability by exploiting the attention based fisher information matrix, which can prevent the forgetting in consequence. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments on real-world data and show that IADM outperforms the state-of-the-art methods with a substantial margin. Moreover, we show that IADM has better capacity scalability and sustainability in incremental learning scenarios.	Adaptive Deep Models for Incremental Learning: Considering Capacity Scalability and Sustainability	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Deng-Bao Wang:Li Li:Min-Ling Zhang	Partial label learning aims to induce a multi-class classifier from training examples where each of them is associated with a set of candidate labels, among which only one is the ground-truth label. The common strategy to train predictive model is disambiguation, i.e. differentiating the modeling outputs of individual candidate labels so as to recover ground-truth labeling information. Recently, feature-aware disambiguation was proposed to generate different labeling confidences over candidate label set by utilizing the graph structure of feature space. However, the existence of noise and outliers in training data makes the similarity derived from original features less reliable. To this end, we proposed a novel approach for partial label learning based on adaptive graph guided disambiguation (PL-AGGD). Compared with fixed graph, adaptive graph could be more robust and accurate to reveal the intrinsic manifold structure within the data. Moreover, instead of the two-stage strategy in previous algorithms, our approach performs label disambiguation and predictive model training simultaneously. Specifically, we present a unified framework which jointly optimizes the ground-truth labeling confidences, similarity graph and model parameters to achieve strong generalization performance. Extensive experiments show that PL-AGGD performs favorably against state-of-the-art partial label learning approaches.	Adaptive Graph Guided Disambiguation for Partial Label Learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jundong Li:Ruocheng Guo:Chenghao Liu:Huan Liu	Attributed networks are pervasive in numerous of high-impact domains. As opposed to conventional plain networks where only pairwise node dependencies are observed, both the network topology and node attribute information are readily available on attributed networks. More often than not, the nodal attributes are depicted in a high-dimensional feature space and are therefore notoriously difficult to tackle due to the curse of dimensionality. Additionally, features that are irrelevant to the network structure could hinder the discovery of actionable patterns from attributed networks. Hence, it is important to leverage feature selection to find a high-quality feature subset that is tightly correlated to the network structure. Few of the existing efforts either model the network structure at a macro-level by community analysis or directly make use of the binary relations. Consequently, they fail to exploit the finer-grained tie strength information for feature selection and may lead to suboptimal results. Motivated by the sociology findings, in this work, we investigate how to harness the tie strength information embedded on the network structure to facilitate the selection of relevant nodal attributes. Methodologically, we propose a principled unsupervised feature selection framework ADAPT to find informative features that can be used to regenerate the observed links and further characterize the adaptive neighborhood structure of the network. Meanwhile, an effective optimization algorithm for the proposed ADAPT framework is also presented. Extensive experimental studies on various real-world attributed networks validate the superiority of the proposed ADAPT framework.	Adaptive Unsupervised Feature Selection on Attributed Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Thomas Hartvigsen:Cansu Sen:Xiangnan Kong:Elke Rundensteiner	Early classification of time series is the prediction of the class label of a time series before it is observed in its entirety. In time-sensitive domains where information is collected over time it is worth sacrificing some classification accuracy in favor of earlier predictions, ideally early enough for actions to be taken. However, since accuracy and earliness are contradictory objectives, a solution must address this challenge to discover task-dependent trade-offs. We design an early classification model, called EARLIEST, which tackles this multi-objective optimization problem, jointly learning (1) to classify time series and (2) at which timestep to halt and generate this prediction. By learning the objectives together, we achieve a user-controlled balance between these contradictory goals while capturing their natural relationship. Our model consists of the novel pairing of a recurrent discriminator network with a stochastic policy network, with the latter learning a halting-policy as a reinforcement learning task. The learned policy interprets representations generated by the recurrent model and controls its dynamics, sequentially deciding whether or not to request observations from future timesteps. For a rich variety of datasets (four synthetic and three real-world), we demonstrate that EARLIEST consistently out-performs state-of-the-art alternatives in accuracy and earliness while discovering signal locations without supervision.	Adaptive-Halting Policy Network for Early Classification	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Junxiang Wang:Fuxun Yu:Xiang Chen:Liang Zhao	Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM) has been used successfully in many conventional machine learning applications and is considered to be a useful alternative to Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) as a deep learning optimizer. However, as an emerging domain, several challenges remain, including 1) The lack of global convergence guarantees, 2) Slow convergence towards solutions, and 3) Cubic time complexity with regard to feature dimensions. In this paper, we propose a novel optimization framework for deep learning via ADMM (dlADMM) to address these challenges simultaneously. The parameters in each layer are updated backward and then forward so that the parameter information in each layer is exchanged efficiently. The time complexity is reduced from cubic to quadratic in (latent) feature dimensions via a dedicated algorithm design for subproblems that enhances them utilizing iterative quadratic approximations and backtracking. Finally, we provide the first proof of global convergence for an ADMM-based method (dlADMM) in a deep neural network problem under mild conditions. Experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrated that our proposed dlADMM algorithm outperforms most of the comparison methods.	ADMM for Efficient Deep Learning with Global Convergence	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Binbin Hu:Yuan Fang:Chuan Shi	Network embedding, which aims to represent network data in a low-dimensional space, has been commonly adopted for analyzing heterogeneous information networks (HIN). Although exiting HIN embedding methods have achieved performance improvement to some extent, they still face a few major weaknesses. Most importantly, they usually adopt negative sampling to randomly select nodes from the network, and they do not learn the underlying distribution for more robust embedding. Inspired by generative adversarial networks (GAN), we develop a novel framework HeGAN for HIN embedding, which trains both a discriminator and a generator in a minimax game. Compared to existing HIN embedding methods, our generator would learn the node distribution to generate better negative samples. Compared to GANs on homogeneous networks, our discriminator and generator are designed to be relation-aware in order to capture the rich semantics on HINs. Furthermore, towards more effective and efficient sampling, we propose a generalized generator, which samples "latent" nodes directly from a continuous distribution, not confined to the nodes in the original network as existing methods are. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments on four real-world datasets. Results show that we consistently and significantly outperform state-of-the-art baselines across all datasets and tasks.	Adversarial Learning on Heterogeneous Information Networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Pengyang Wang:Yanjie Fu:Hui Xiong:Xiaolin Li	Mobile user profiles are a summary of characteristics of user-specific mobile activities. Mobile user profiling is to extract a user's interest and behavioral patterns from mobile behavioral data. While some efforts have been made for mobile user profiling, existing methods can be improved via representation learning with awareness of substructures in users' behavioral graphs. Specifically, in this paper, we study the problem of mobile users profiling with POI check-in data. To this end, we first construct a graph, where a vertex is a POI category and an edge is the transition frequency of a user between two POI categories, to represent each user. We then formulate mobile user profiling as a task of representation learning from user behavioral graphs. We later develop a deep adversarial substructured learning framework for the task. This framework has two mutually-enhanced components. The first component is to preserve the structure of the entire graph, which is formulated as an encoding-decoding paradigm. In particular, the structure of the entire graph is preserved by minimizing reconstruction loss between an original graph and a reconstructed graph. The second component is to preserve the structure of subgraphs, which is formulated as a substructure detector based adversarial training paradigm. In particular, this paradigm includes a substructure detector and an adversarial trainer. Instead of using non-differentiable substructure detection algorithms, we pre-train a differentiable convolutional neural network as the detector to approximate these detection algorithms. The adversarial trainer is to match the detected substructure of the reconstructed graph to the detected substructure of the original graph. Also, we provide an effective solution for the optimization problems. Moreover, we exploit the learned representations of users for the next activity type prediction. Finally, we present extensive experimental results to demonstrate the improved performances of the proposed method.	Adversarial Substructured Representation Learning for Mobile User Profiling	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiang Zhang:Lina Yao:Feng Yuan	Semi-supervised learning is sought for leveraging the unlabelled data when labelled data is difficult or expensive to acquire. Deep generative models (e.g., Variational Autoencoder (VAE)) and semi-supervised Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have recently shown promising performance in semi-supervised classification for the excellent discriminative representing ability. However, the latent code learned by the traditional VAE is not exclusive (repeatable) for a specific input sample, which prevents it from excellent classification performance. In particular, the learned latent representation depends on a non-exclusive component which is stochastically sampled from the prior distribution. Moreover, the semi-supervised GAN models generate data from pre-defined distribution (e.g., Gaussian noises) which is independent of the input data distribution and may obstruct the convergence and is difficult to control the distribution of the generated data. To address the aforementioned issues, we propose a novel Adversarial Variational Embedding (AVAE) framework for robust and effective semi-supervised learning to leverage both the advantage of GAN as a high quality generative model and VAE as a posterior distribution learner. The proposed approach first produces an exclusive latent code by the model which we call VAE++, and meanwhile, provides a meaningful prior distribution for the generator of GAN. The proposed approach is evaluated over four different real-world applications and we show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art models, which confirms that the combination of VAE++ and GAN can provide significant improvements in semi-supervised lassification.	Adversarial Variational Embedding for Robust Semi-supervised Learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dmitrii Avdiukhin:Slobodan MitroviÄ‡:Grigory Yaroslavtsev:Samson Zhou	We propose the first adversarially robust algorithm for monotone submodular maximization under single and multiple knapsack constraints with scalable implementations in distributed and streaming settings. For a single knapsack constraint, our algorithm outputs a robust summary of almost optimal (up to polylogarithmic factors) size, from which a constant-factor approximation to the optimal solution can be constructed. For multiple knapsack constraints, our approximation is within a constant-factor of the best known non-robust solution. We evaluate the performance of our algorithms by comparison to natural robustifications of existing non-robust algorithms under two objectives: 1) dominating set for large social network graphs from Facebook and Twitter collected by the Stanford Network Analysis Project (SNAP), 2) movie recommendations on a dataset from MovieLens. Experimental results show that our algorithms give the best objective for a majority of the inputs and show strong performance even compared to offline algorithms that are given the set of removals in advance.	Adversarially Robust Submodular Maximization under Knapsack Constraints	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhiwei (Tony) Qin:Jian Tang:Jieping Ye	This tutorial aims to provide the audience with a guided introduction to deep reinforcement learning (DRL) with specially curated application case studies in transportation. The tutorial covers both theory and practice, with more emphasis on the practical aspects of DRL that are pertinent to tackle transportation challenges. Some core examples include online ride order dispatching, fleet management, traffic signals control, route planning, and autonomous driving.	Deep Reinforcement Learning with Applications in Transportation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Krishna Gade:Sahin Cem Geyik:Krishnaram Kenthapadi:Varun Mithal:Ankur Taly	Artificial Intelligence is increasingly playing an integral role in determining our day-to-day experiences. Moreover, with proliferation of AI based solutions in areas such as hiring, lending, criminal justice, healthcare, and education, the resulting personal and professional implications of AI are far-reaching. The dominant role played by AI models in these domains has led to a growing concern regarding potential bias in these models, and a demand for model transparency and interpretability. In addition, model explainability is a prerequisite for building trust and adoption of AI systems in high stakes domains requiring reliability and safety such as healthcare and automated transportation, and critical industrial applications with significant economic implications such as predictive maintenance, exploration of natural resources, and climate change modeling. As a consequence, AI researchers and practitioners have focused their attention on explainable AI to help them better trust and understand models at scale. The challenges for the research community include (i) defining model explainability, (ii) formulating explainability tasks for understanding model behavior and developing solutions for these tasks, and finally (iii) designing measures for evaluating the performance of models in explainability tasks. In this tutorial, we will present an overview of model interpretability and explainability in AI, key regulations/laws, and techniques/tools for providing explainability as part of AI/ML systems. Then, we will focus on the application of explainability techniques in industry, wherein we present practical challenges/ guidelines for using explainability techniques effectively and lessons learned from deploying explainable models for several web-scale machine learning and data mining applications. We will present case studies across different companies, spanning application domains such as search and recommendation systems, sales, lending, and fraud detection. Finally, based on our experiences in industry, we will identify open problems and research directions for the data mining/machine learning community.	Explainable AI in Industry	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sarah Bird:Ben Hutchinson:Krishnaram Kenthapadi:Emre Kiciman:Margaret Mitchell	Researchers and practitioners from different disciplines have highlighted the ethical and legal challenges posed by the use of machine learned models and data-driven systems, and the potential for such systems to discriminate against certain population groups, due to biases in algorithmic decision-making systems. This tutorial aims to present an overview of algorithmic bias / discrimination issues observed over the last few years and the lessons learned, key regulations and laws, and evolution of techniques for achieving fairness in machine learning systems. We will motivate the need for adopting a "fairness-first" approach (as opposed to viewing algorithmic bias / fairness considerations as an afterthought), when developing machine learning based models and systems for different consumer and enterprise applications. Then, we will focus on the application of fairness-aware machine learning techniques in practice, by highlighting industry best practices and case studies from different technology companies. Based on our experiences in industry, we will identify open problems and research challenges for the data mining / machine learning community.	Fairness-Aware Machine Learning: Practical Challenges and Lessons Learned	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Reza Zafarani:Xinyi Zhou:Kai Shu:Huan Liu	Fake news has become a global phenomenon due its explosive growth, particularly on social media. The goal of this tutorial is to (1) clearly introduce the concept and characteristics of fake news and how it can be formally differentiated from other similar concepts such as mis-/dis-information, satire news, rumors, among others, which helps deepen the understanding of fake news; (2) provide a comprehensive review of fundamental theories across disciplines and illustrate how they can be used to conduct interdisciplinary fake news research, facilitating a concerted effort of experts in computer and information science, political science, journalism, social science, psychology and economics. Such concerted efforts can result in highly efficient and explainable fake news detection; (3) systematically present fake news detection strategies from four perspectives (i.e., knowledge, style, propagation, and credibility) and the ways that each perspective utilizes techniques developed in data/graph mining, machine learning, natural language processing, and information retrieval; and (4) detail open issues within current fake news studies to reveal great potential research opportunities, hoping to attract researchers within a broader area to work on fake news detection and further facilitate its development. The tutorial aims to promote a fair, healthy and safe online information and news dissemination ecosystem, hoping to attract more researchers, engineers and students with various interests to fake news research. Few prerequisite are required for KDD participants to attend.	Fake News Research: Theories, Detection Strategies, and Open Problems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christos Faloutsos:Valentin Flunkert:Jan Gasthaus:Tim Januschowski:Yuyang Wang	Time series forecasting is a key ingredient in the automation and optimization of business processes: in retail, deciding which products to order and where to store them depends on the forecasts of future demand in different regions; in cloud computing, the estimated future usage of services and infrastructure components guides capacity planning; and workforce scheduling in warehouses and factories requires forecasts of the future workload. Recent years have witnessed a paradigm shift in forecasting techniques and applications, from computer-assisted model- and assumption-based to data-driven and fully-automated. This shift can be attributed to the availability of large, rich, and diverse time series data sources and result in a set of challenges that need to be addressed such as the following. How can we build statistical models to efficiently and effectively learn to forecast from large and diverse data sources? How can we leverage the statistical power of "similar'' time series to improve forecasts in the case of limited observations? What are the implications for building forecasting systems that can handle large data volumes? The objective of this tutorial is to provide a concise and intuitive overview of the most important methods and tools available for solving large-scale forecasting problems. We review the state of the art in three related fields: (1) classical modeling of time series, (2) modern methods including tensor analysis and deep learning for forecasting. Furthermore, we discuss the practical aspects of building a large scale forecasting system, including data integration, feature generation, backtest framework, error tracking and analysis, etc. While our focus is on providing an intuitive overview of the methods and practical issues which we will illustrate via case studies and interactive materials with Jupyter notebooks.	Forecasting Big Time Series: Theory and Practice	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aaditya Ramdas	Large-scale sequential hypothesis testing (A/B-testing) is rampant in the tech industry, with internet companies running hundreds of thousands of tests per year. This experimentation is actually "doubly-sequential", since it consists of a sequence of sequential experiments. In this tutorial, the audience will learn about the various problems encountered in large-scale, asynchronous, doubly-sequential experimentation, both for the inner sequential process (a single sequential test) and for the outer sequential process (the sequence of tests), and learn about recently developed principles to tackle these problems. We will discuss error metrics both within and across experiments, and present state-of-the-art methods that provably control these errors, both with and without resorting to parametric or asymptotic assumptions. In particular, we will demonstrate how current common practices of peeking and marginal testing fail to control errors both within and across experiments, but how these can be alleviated using simple yet nuanced changes to the experimentation setup. We will also briefly discuss the role of multi-armed bandit methods for testing hypotheses (as opposed to minimizing regret), and the potential pitfalls due to selection bias introduced by adaptive sampling. This tutorial is timely because while almost every single internet company runs such tests, most practitioners in the tech industry focus mainly on how to run a single test correctly. However, ignoring the interplay with the outer sequential process could unknowingly inflate the number of false discoveries, as we will carefully explain in the second half of the tutorial.	Foundations of Large-Scale Sequential Experimentation	NA	2018
Dawei Zhou:Jingrui He	In contrast to the massive volume of data, it is often the rare categories that are of great importance in many high impact domains, ranging from financial fraud detection in online transaction networks to emerging trend detection in social networks, from spam image detection in social media to rare disease diagnosis in the medical decision support system. The unique challenges of rare category analysis include: (1) the highly-skewed class-membership distribution; (2) the non-separability nature of the rare categories from the majority classes; (3) the data and task heterogeneity, e.g., the multi-modal representation of examples, and the analysis of similar rare categories across multiple related tasks. This tutorial aims to provide a concise review of state-of-the-art techniques on complex rare category analysis, where the majority classes have a smooth distribution, while the minority classes exhibit a compactness property in the feature space or subspace. In particular, we start with the context, problem definition and unique challenges of complex rare category analysis; then we present a comprehensive overview of recent advances that are designed for this problem setting, from rare category exploration without any label information to the exposition step that characterizes rare examples with a compact representation, from representing rare patterns in a salient embedding space to interpreting the prediction results and providing relevant clues for the end users' interpretation; at last, we will discuss the potential challenges and shed light on the future directions of complex rare category analysis.	Gold Panning from the Mess: Rare Category Exploration, Exposition, Representation, and Interpretation	NA:NA	2018
Leonardo Pellegrina:Matteo Riondato:Fabio Vandin	The availability of massive datasets has highlighted the need of computationally efficient and statistically-sound methods to extracts patterns while providing rigorous guarantees on the quality of the results, in particular with respect to false discoveries. In this tutorial we survey recent methods that properly combine computational and statistical considerations to efficiently mine statistically reliable patterns from large datasets. We start by introducing the fundamental concepts in statistical hypothesis testing, including conditional and unconditional tests, which may not be familiar to everyone in the data mining community. We then explain how the computational and statistical challenges in pattern mining have been tackled in different ways. Finally, we describe the application of these methods in areas such as market basket analysis, subgraph mining, social networks analysis, and cancer genomics.	Hypothesis Testing and Statistically-sound Pattern Mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tina Eliassi-rad:Rajmonda Caceres:Timothy LaRock	Most network analysis is conducted on existing incomplete samples of much larger complete, fully observed graphs. For example, many researchers obtain graphs from online data repositories without knowing how these graphs were collected. Thus, these graphs can be poor representations of the fully observed networks. More complete data would lead to more accurate analyses, but data acquisition can be at best costly and at worst error-prone. For example, think of an adversary that deliberately poisons the answer to a query. Given a query budget for identifying additional nodes and edges, how can one improve the observed graph sample so that it is a more accurate representation of the complete, fully observed network? How does the approach change if one is interested in learning the best function (e.g. node classifier) on the network for a down-stream task? This is a novel problem that is related to, but distinct from, topics such as graph sampling and crawling. Given the prevailing use of graph samples in the research literature, this problem is of considerable importance, even though it has been ignored. In this tutorial, we discuss latent biases in incomplete networks and present methods for enriching such networks through active probing of nodes and edges. We focus on active learning and sequential decision-making formulations of this problem (a.k.a. the network discovery problem). We present distinctions between learning to grow the network (a.k.a. active exploration) vs. learning the "best" function on the network (a.k.a. active learning). In addition, we will discuss issues surrounding adversarial machine learning when querying for more data to reduce incompleteness.	Incompleteness in Networks: Biases, Skewed Results, and Some Solutions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Boris Kovalerchuk	This tutorial covers the state-of-the-art research, development, and applications in the KDD area of interpretable knowledge discovery reinforced by visual methods to stimulate and facilitate future work. It serves the KDD mission and objectives of gaining insight from the data. The topic is interdisciplinary bridging of scientific research and applied communities in KDD, Visual Analytics, Information Visualization, and HCI. This is a novel and fast growing area with significant applications, and potential. First, in KDD, these studies have grown under the name of visual data mining. The recent growth under the names of deep visualization, and visual knowledge discovery, is motivated considerably by deep learning success in accuracy of prediction and its failure in explanation of the produced models without special interpretation efforts. In the areas of Visual Analytics, Information Visualization, and HCI, the increasing trend toward machine learning tasks, including deep learning, is also apparent. This tutorial reviews progress in these areas with a comparative analysis of what each area brings to the joint table. The comparison includes the approaches: (1) to visualize Machine Learning (ML) models produced by the analytical ML methods, (2) to discover ML models by visual means, (3) to explain deep and other ML models by visual means, (4) to discover visual ML models assisted by analytical ML algorithms, (5) to discover analytical ML models assisted by visual means. The presenter will use multiple relevant publications including his books: "Visual and Spatial Analysis: Advances in Visual Data Mining, Reasoning, and Problem Solving" (Springer, 2005), and "Visual Knowledge Discovery and Machine Learning" (Springer, 2018). The target audience of this tutorial consists of KDD researchers, graduate students, and practitioners with the basic knowledge of machine learning.	Interpretable Knowledge Discovery Reinforced by Visual Methods	NA	2018
Xiao Huang:Peng Cui:Yuxiao Dong:Jundong Li:Huan Liu:Jian Pei:Le Song:Jie Tang:Fei Wang:Hongxia Yang:Wenwu Zhu	Arguably, every entity in this universe is networked in one wayr another. With the prevalence of network data collected, such as social media and biological networks, learning from networks has become an essential task in many applications. It is well recognized that network data is intricate and large-scale, and analytic tasks on network data become more and more sophisticated. In this tutorial, we systematically review the area of learning from networks, including algorithms, theoretical analysis, and illustrative applications. Starting with a quick recollection of the exciting history of the area, we formulate the core technical problems. Then, we introduce the fundamental approaches, that is, the feature selection based approaches and the network embedding based approaches. Next, we extend our discussion to attributed networks, which are popular in practice. Last, we cover the latest hot topic, graph neural based approaches. For each group of approaches, we also survey the associated theoretical analysis and real-world application examples. Our tutorial also inspires a series of open problems and challenges that may lead to future breakthroughs. The authors are productive and seasoned researchers active in this area who represent a nice combination of academia and industry.	Learning From Networks: Algorithms, Theory, and Applications	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Myra Spiliopoulou:Panagiotis Papapetrou	What are the basic forms of healthcare data? How are Electronic Health Records and Cohorts structured? How can we identify the key variables in such data and how important are temporal abstractions? What are the main challenges in knowledge extraction from medical data sources? What are the key machine algorithms used for this purpose? What are the main questions that clinicians and medical experts pose to machine learning researchers? In this tutorial, we provide answers to these questions by presenting state-of-the-art methods, workflows, and tools for mining and understanding medical data. Particular emphasis is given on temporal abstractions, knowledge extraction from cohorts, machine learning model interpretability, and mHealth.	Mining and Model Understanding on Medical Data	NA:NA	2018
Polina Rozenshtein:Aristides Gionis	Networks (or graphs) are used to represent and analyze large datasets of objects and their relations. Naturally, real-world networks have a temporal component: for instance, interactions between objects have a timestamp and a duration. In this tutorial we present models and algorithms for mining temporal networks, i.e., network data with temporal information. We overview different models used to represent temporal networks. We highlight the main differences between static and temporal networks, and discuss the challenges arising from introducing the temporal dimension in the network representation. We present recent papers addressing the most well-studied problems in the setting of temporal networks, including computation of centrality measures, motif detection and counting, community detection and monitoring, event and anomaly detection, analysis of epidemic processes and influence spreading, network summarization, and structure prediction.	Mining Temporal Networks	NA:NA	2018
Junchi Yan:Hongteng Xu:Liangda Li	Real-world entities' behaviors, associated with their side information, are often recorded over time as asynchronous event sequences. Such event sequences are the basis of many practical applications, neural spiking train study, earth quack prediction, crime analysis, infectious disease diffusion forecasting, condition-based preventative maintenance, information retrieval and behavior-based network analysis and services, etc. Temporal point process (TPP) is a principled mathematical tool for the modeling and learning of asynchronous event sequences, which captures the instantaneous happening rate of the events and the temporal dependency between historical and current events. TPP provides us with an interpretable model to describe the generative mechanism of event sequences, which is beneficial for event prediction and causality analysis. Recently, it has been shown that TPP has potentials to many machine learning and data science applications and can be combined with other cutting-edge machine learning techniques like deep learning, reinforcement learning, adversarial learning, and so on. We will start with an elementary introduction of TPP model, including the basic concepts of the model, the simulation method of event sequences; in the second part of the tutorial, we will introduce typical TPP models and their traditional learning methods; in the third part of the tutorial, we will discuss the recent progress on the modeling and learning of TPP, including neural network-based TPP models, generative adversarial networks (GANs) for TPP, and deep reinforcement learning of TPP. We will further talk about the practical application of TPP, including useful data augmentation methods for learning from imperfect observations, typical applications and examples like healthcare and industry maintenance, and existing open source toolboxes.	Modeling and Applications for Temporal Point Processes	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jilles Vreeken:Kenji Yamanishi	When considering a data set it is often unknown how complex it is, and hence it is difficult to assess how rich a model for the data should be. Often these choices are swept under the carpet, ignored, left to the domain expert, but in practice this is highly unsatisfactory; domain experts do not know how to set k, what prior to choose, or how many degrees of freedom is optimal any more than we do. The Minimum Description Length (MDL) principle can answer the model selection problem from an intuitively appealing and clear viewpoint of information theory and data compression. In a nutshell, it asserts that the best model is the one that best compresses both the data and that model. It does not only imply the best strategy for model selection, but also gives a unifying viewpoint of designing optimal data mining algorithms for a wide range of issues, and has been very successfully applied to a wide range of data mining tasks, ranging from pattern mining, clustering, classification, text mining, graph mining, anomaly detection, up to causal inference. In this tutorial we do not only give an introduction to the basics of model selection, show important properties of MDL-based modelling, successful examples as well as pitfalls for how to apply MDL to solve data mining problems, but also introduce advanced topics on important new concepts in modern MDL (e.g, normalized maximum likelihood (NML), sequential NML, decomposed NML, and MDL change statistics) and emerging applications in dynamic settings.	Modern MDL meets Data Mining Insights, Theory, and Practice	NA:NA	2018
Yao Zhou:Fenglong Ma:Jing Gao:Jingrui He	The increasing need for labeled data has brought the booming growth of crowdsourcing in a wide range of high-impact real-world applications, such as collaborative knowledge (e.g., data annotations, language translations), collective creativity (e.g., analogy mining, crowdfunding), and reverse Turing test (e.g., CAPTCHA-like systems), etc. In the context of supervised learning, crowdsourcing refers to the annotation procedure where the data items are outsourced and processed by a group of mostly unskilled online workers. Thus, the researchers or the organizations are able to collect large amount of information via the feedback of the crowd in a short time with a low cost. Despite the wide adoption of crowdsourcing, several of its fundamental problems remain unsolved especially at the information and cognitive levels with respect to incentive design, information aggregation, and heterogeneous learning. This tutorial aims to: (1) provide a comprehensive review of recent advances in exploring the power of crowdsourcing from the perspective of optimizing the wisdom of the crowd; and (2) identify the open challenges and provide insights to the future trends in the context of human-in-the-loop learning. We believe this is an emerging and potentially high-impact topic in computational data science, which will attract both researchers and practitioners from academia and industry.	Optimizing the Wisdom of the Crowd: Inference, Learning, and Teaching	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pin-Yu Chen:Sijia Liu	Zeroth-order (ZO) optimization is increasingly embraced for solving big data and machine learning problems when explicit expressions of the gradients are difficult or infeasible to obtain. It achieves gradient-free optimization by approximating the full gradient via efficient gradient estimators. Some recent important applications include: a) generation of prediction-evasive, black-box adversarial attacks on deep neural networks, b) online network management with limited computation capacity, c) parameter inference of black-box/complex systems, and d) bandit optimization in which a player receives partial feedback in terms of loss function values revealed by her adversary. This tutorial aims to provide a comprehensive introduction to recent advances in ZO optimization methods in both theory and applications. On the theory side, we will cover convergence rate and iteration complexity analysis of ZO algorithms and make comparisons to their first-order counterparts. On the application side, we will highlight one appealing application of ZO optimization to studying the robustness of deep neural networks - practical and efficient adversarial attacks that generate adversarial examples from a black-box machine learning model. We will also summarize potential research directions regarding ZO optimization, big data challenges and some open-ended data mining and machine learning problems.	Recent Progress in Zeroth Order Optimization and Its Applications to Adversarial Robustness in Data Mining and Machine Learning	NA:NA	2018
Fattane Zarrinkalam:Hossein Fani:Ebrahim Bagheri	he abundance of user generated content on social networks pro-vides the opportunity to build models that are able to accurately and effectively extract, mine and predict users' interests with the hopes of enabling more effective user engagement, better quality delivery of appropriate services and higher user satisfaction. While traditional methods for building user profiles relied on AI-based preference elicitation techniques that could have been considered to be intrusive and undesirable by the users, more recent advances are focused on a non-intrusive yet accurate way of determining users' interests and preferences. In this tutorial, we cover five important aspects related to the effective mining of user interests: (1) we introduce the information sources that are used for extracting user interests, (2) various types of user interest profiles that have been proposed in the literature, (3) techniques that have been adopted or proposed for mining user interests, (4) the scalability and re-source requirements of the state of the art methods, and finally (5)the evaluation methodologies that are adopted in the literature for validating the appropriateness of the mined user interest profiles.We also introduce existing challenges, open research question and exciting opportunities for further work.	Social User Interest Mining: Methods and Applications	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yue Ning:Liang Zhao:Feng Chen:Chang-Tien Lu:Huzefa Rangwala	Spatio-temporal societal event forecasting, which has traditionally been prohibitively challenging, is now becoming possible and experiencing rapid growth thanks to the big data from Open Source Indicators (OSI) such as social media, news sources, blogs, economic indicators, and other meta-data sources. Spatio-temporal societal event forecasting and their precursor discovery benefit the society by providing insight into events such as political crises, humanitarian crises, mass violence, riots, mass migrations, disease outbreaks, economic instability, resource shortages, natural disasters, and others. In contrast to traditional event detection that identifies ongoing events, event forecasting focuses on predicting future events yet to happen. Also different from traditional spatio-temporal predictions on numerical indices, spatio-temporal event forecasting needs to leverage the heterogeneous information from OSI to discover the predictive indicators and mappings to future societal events. While studying large scale societal events, policy makers and practitioners aim to identify precursors to such events to help understand causative attributes and ensure accountability. The resulting problems typically require the predictive modeling techniques that can jointly handle semantic, temporal, and spatial information, and require a design of efficient and interpretable algorithms that scale to high-dimensional large real-world datasets. In this tutorial, we will present a comprehensive review of the state-of-the-art methods for spatio-temporal societal event forecasting. First, we will categorize the inputs OSI and the predicted societal events commonly researched in the literature. Then we will review methods for temporal and spatio-temporal societal event forecasting. Next, we will also discuss the foundations of precursor identification with an introduction to various machine learning approaches that aim to discover precursors while forecasting events. Through the tutorial, we expect to illustrate the basic theoretical and algorithmic ideas and discuss specific applications in all the above settings.	Spatio-temporal Event Forecasting and Precursor Identification	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Charles H. Martin:Michael W. Mahoney	There have long been connections between statistical mechanics and neural networks, but in recent decades these connections have withered. However, in light of recent failings of statistical learning theory and stochastic optimization theory to describe, even qualitatively, many properties of production-quality neural network models, researchers have revisited ideas from the statistical mechanics of neural networks. This tutorial will provide an overview of the area; it will go into detail on how connections with random matrix theory and heavy-tailed random matrix theory can lead to a practical phenomenological theory for large-scale deep neural networks; and it will describe future directions.	Statistical Mechanics Methods for Discovering Knowledge from Modern Production Quality Neural Networks	NA:NA	2018
Tong Yu:Yilin Shen:Hongxia Jin	Traditional recommender systems rely on user feedback such as ratings or clicks to the items, to analyze the user interest and provide personalized recommendations. However, rating or click feedback are limited in that they do not exactly tell why users like or dislike an item. If a user does not like the recommendations and can not effectively express the reasons via rating and clicking, the feedback from the user may be very sparse. These limitations lead to inefficient model learning of the recommender system. To address these limitations, more effective user feedback to the recommendations should be designed, so that the system can effectively understand a user's preference and improve the recommendations over time. In this paper, we propose a novel dialog-based recommender system to interactively recommend a list of items with visual appearance. At each time, the user receives a list of recommended items with visual appearance. The user can point to some items and describe their feedback, such as the desired features in the items they want in natural language. With this natural language based feedback, the recommender system updates and provides another list of items. To model the user behaviors of viewing, commenting and clicking on a list of items, we propose a visual dialog augmented cascade model. To efficiently understand the user preference and learn the model, exploration should be encouraged to provide more diverse recommendations to quickly collect user feedback on more attributes of the items. We propose a variant of the cascading bandits, where the neural representations of the item images and user feedback in natural language are utilized. In a task of recommending a list of footwear, we show that our visual dialog augmented interactive recommender needs around 41.03% rounds of recommendations, compared to the traditional interactive recommender only relying on the user click behavior.	A Visual Dialog Augmented Interactive Recommender System	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ben Goodrich:Vinay Rao:Peter J. Liu:Mohammad Saleh	We propose a model-based metric to estimate the factual accuracy of generated text that is complementary to typical scoring schemes like ROUGE (Recall-Oriented Understudy for Gisting Evaluation) and BLEU (Bilingual Evaluation Understudy). We introduce and release a new large-scale dataset based on Wikipedia and Wikidata to train relation classifiers and end-to-end fact extraction models. The end-to-end models are shown to be able to extract complete sets of facts from datasets with full pages of text. We then analyse multiple models that estimate factual accuracy on a Wikipedia text summarization task, and show their efficacy compared to ROUGE and other model-free variants by conducting a human evaluation study.	Assessing The Factual Accuracy of Generated Text	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Cong Fu:Yonghui Zhang:Deng Cai:Xiang Ren	Visualization of high-dimensional data is a fundamental yet challenging problem in data mining. These visualization techniques are commonly used to reveal the patterns in the high-dimensional data, such as clusters and the similarity among clusters. Recently, some successful visualization tools (e.g., BH-t-SNE and LargeVis) have been developed. However, there are two limitations with them : (1) they cannot capture the global data structure well. Thus, their visualization results are sensitive to initialization, which may cause confusions to the data analysis. (2) They cannot scale to large-scale datasets. They are not suitable to be implemented on the GPU platform because their complex algorithm logic, high memory cost, and random memory access mode will lead to low hardware utilization. To address the aforementioned problems, we propose a novel visualization approach named as Anchor-t-SNE (AtSNE), which provides efficient GPU-based visualization solution for large-scale and high-dimensional data. Specifically, we generate a number of anchor points from the original data and regard them as the skeleton of the layout, which holds the global structure information. We propose a hierarchical optimization approach to optimize the positions of the anchor points and ordinary data points in the layout simultaneously. Our approach presents much better and robust visual effects on 11 public datasets, and achieve 5 to 28 times speed-up on different datasets, compared with the current state-of-the-art methods. In particular, we deliver a high-quality 2-D layout for a 20 million and 96-dimension dataset within 5 hours, while the current methods fail to give results due to running out of the memory.	AtSNE: Efficient and Robust Visualization on GPU through Hierarchical Optimization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sheng Guan:Hanchao Ma:Yinghui Wu	Backbones refer to critical tree structures that span a set of nodes of interests in networks. This paper introduces a novel class of attributed backbones and detection algorithms in richly attributed networks. Unlike conventional models, attributed backbones capture dynamics in edge cost model: it specifies affinitive attributes for each edge, and the cost of each edge is dynamically determined by the selection of its associated affinitive attributes and the closeness of their values at its end nodes. The backbone discovery is to compute an attributed backbone that covers interested nodes with smallest connection cost dynamically determined by selected affinitive attributes. While this problem is hard to approximate, we develop feasible algorithms within practical reach for large attributed networks. (1) We show that this problem is fixed-parameter approximable parameterized by the number of affinitive attributes, by providing a Lagrangean-preserving 2-approximation. (2) When the attribute number is large and specifying closeness function is difficult, we provide a fast heuristic, which learns an edge-generative model, and applies the model to infer best backbones, without the need of specifying closeness functions. Using real-world networks, we verify the effectiveness and efficiency of our algorithms and show their applications in collaboration recommendation.	Attribute-Driven Backbone Discovery	NA:NA:NA	2018
Congzheng Song:Vitaly Shmatikov	To help enforce data-protection regulations such as GDPR and detect unauthorized uses of personal data, we develop a new model auditing technique that helps users check if their data was used to train a machine learning model. We focus on auditing deep-learning models that generate natural-language text, including word prediction and dialog generation. These models are at the core of popular online services and are often trained on personal data such as users' messages, searches, chats, and comments. We design and evaluate a black-box auditing method that can detect, with very few queries to a model, if a particular user's texts were used to train it (among thousands of other users). We empirically show that our method can successfully audit well-generalized models that are not overfitted to the training data. We also analyze how text-generation models memorize word sequences and explain why this memorization makes them amenable to auditing.	Auditing Data Provenance in Text-Generation Models	NA:NA	2018
Kunpeng Liu:Yanjie Fu:Pengfei Wang:Le Wu:Rui Bo:Xiaolin Li	Feature selection is the preprocessing step in machine learning which tries to select the most relevant features for the subsequent prediction task. Effective feature selection could help reduce dimensionality, improve prediction accuracy and increase result comprehensibility. It is very challenging to find the optimal feature subset from the subset space as the space could be very large. While much effort has been made by existing studies, reinforcement learning can provide a new perspective for the searching strategy in a more global way. In this paper, we propose a multi-agent reinforcement learning framework for the feature selection problem. Specifically, we first reformulate feature selection with a reinforcement learning framework by regarding each feature as an agent. Then, we obtain the state of environment in three ways, i.e., statistic description, autoencoder and graph convolutional network (GCN), in order to make the algorithm better understand the learning progress. We show how to learn the state representation in a graph-based way, which could tackle the case when not only the edges, but also the nodes are changing step by step. In addition, we study how the coordination between different features would be improved by more reasonable reward scheme. The proposed method could search the feature subset space globally and could be easily adapted to the real-time case (real-time feature selection) due to the nature of reinforcement learning. Also, we provide an efficient strategy to accelerate the convergence of multi-agent reinforcement learning. Finally, extensive experimental results show the significant improvement of the proposed method over conventional approaches.	Automating Feature Subspace Exploration via Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ke Tu:Jianxin Ma:Peng Cui:Jian Pei:Wenwu Zhu	Network embedding (NE) aims to embed the nodes of a network into a vector space, and serves as the bridge between machine learning and network data. Despite their widespread success, NE algorithms typically contain a large number of hyperparameters for preserving the various network properties, which must be carefully tuned in order to achieve satisfactory performance. Though automated machine learning (AutoML) has achieved promising results when applied to many types of data such as images and texts, network data poses great challenges to AutoML and remains largely ignored by the literature of AutoML. The biggest obstacle is the massive scale of real-world networks, along with the coupled node relationships that make any straightforward sampling strategy problematic. In this paper, we propose a novel framework, named AutoNE, to automatically optimize the hyperparameters of a NE algorithm on massive networks. In detail, we employ a multi-start random walk strategy to sample several small sub-networks, perform each trial of configuration selection on the sampled sub-network, and design a meta-leaner to transfer the knowledge about optimal hyperparameters from the sub-networks to the original massive network. The transferred meta-knowledge greatly reduces the number of trials required when predicting the optimal hyperparameters for the original network. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our framework can significantly outperform the existing methods, in that it needs less time and fewer trials to find the optimal hyperparameters.	AutoNE: Hyperparameter Optimization for Massive Network Embedding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xuezhou Zhang:Sarah Tan:Paul Koch:Yin Lou:Urszula Chajewska:Rich Caruana	Generalized additive models (GAMs) are favored in many regression and binary classification problems because they are able to fit complex, nonlinear functions while still remaining interpretable. In the first part of this paper, we generalize a state-of-the-art GAM learning algorithm based on boosted trees to the multiclass setting, showing that this multiclass algorithm outperforms existing GAM learning algorithms and sometimes matches the performance of full complexity models such as gradient boosted trees. In the second part, we turn our attention to the interpretability of GAMs in the multiclass setting. Surprisingly, the natural interpretability of GAMs breaks down when there are more than two classes. Naive interpretation of multiclass GAMs can lead to false conclusions. Inspired by binary GAMs, we identify two axioms that any additive model must satisfy in order to not be visually misleading. We then develop a technique called Additive Post-Processing for Interpretability (API) that provably transforms a pretrained additive model to satisfy the interpretability axioms without sacrificing accuracy. The technique works not just on models trained with our learning algorithm, but on any multiclass additive model, including multiclass linear and logistic regression. We demonstrate the effectiveness of API on a 12-class infant mortality dataset.	Axiomatic Interpretability for Multiclass Additive Models	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wenyi Xiao:Huan Zhao:Haojie Pan:Yangqiu Song:Vincent W. Zheng:Qiang Yang	An effective content recommendation in modern social media platforms should benefit both creators to bring genuine benefits to them and consumers to help them get really interesting content. In this paper, we propose a model called Social Explorative Attention Network (SEAN) for content recommendation. SEAN uses a personalized content recommendation model to encourage personal interests driven recommendation. Moreover, SEAN allows the personalization factors to attend to users' higher-order friends on the social network to improve the accuracy and diversity of recommendation results. Constructing two datasets from a popular decentralized content distribution platform, Steemit, we compare SEAN with state-of-the-art CF and content based recommendation approaches. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of SEAN in terms of both Gini coefficients for recommendation equality and F1 scores for recommendation performance.	Beyond Personalization: Social Content Recommendation for Creator Equality and Consumer Satisfaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel ZÃ¼gner:Stephan GÃ¼nnemann	Recent works show that Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) are highly non-robust with respect to adversarial attacks on both the graph structure and the node attributes, making their outcomes unreliable. We propose the first method for certifiable (non-)robustness of graph convolutional networks with respect to perturbations of the node attributes. We consider the case of binary node attributes (e.g. bag-of-words) and perturbations that are L_0-bounded. If a node has been certified with our method, it is guaranteed to be robust under any possible perturbation given the attack model. Likewise, we can certify non-robustness. Finally, we propose a robust semi-supervised training procedure that treats the labeled and unlabeled nodes jointly. As shown in our experimental evaluation, our method significantly improves the robustness of the GNN with only minimal effect on the predictive accuracy.	Certifiable Robustness and Robust Training for Graph Convolutional Networks	NA:NA	2018
Wei-Lin Chiang:Xuanqing Liu:Si Si:Yang Li:Samy Bengio:Cho-Jui Hsieh	Graph convolutional network (GCN) has been successfully applied to many graph-based applications; however, training a large-scale GCN remains challenging. Current SGD-based algorithms suffer from either a high computational cost that exponentially grows with number of GCN layers, or a large space requirement for keeping the entire graph and the embedding of each node in memory. In this paper, we propose Cluster-GCN, a novel GCN algorithm that is suitable for SGD-based training by exploiting the graph clustering structure. Cluster-GCN works as the following: at each step, it samples a block of nodes that associate with a dense subgraph identified by a graph clustering algorithm, and restricts the neighborhood search within this subgraph. This simple but effective strategy leads to significantly improved memory and computational efficiency while being able to achieve comparable test accuracy with previous algorithms. To test the scalability of our algorithm, we create a new Amazon2M data with 2 million nodes and 61 million edges which is more than 5 times larger than the previous largest publicly available dataset (Reddit). For training a 3-layer GCN on this data, Cluster-GCN is faster than the previous state-of-the-art VR-GCN (1523 seconds vs 1961 seconds) and using much less memory (2.2GB vs 11.2GB). Furthermore, for training 4 layer GCN on this data, our algorithm can finish in around 36 minutes while all the existing GCN training algorithms fail to train due to the out-of-memory issue. Furthermore, Cluster-GCN allows us to train much deeper GCN without much time and memory overhead, which leads to improved prediction accuracy---using a 5-layer Cluster-GCN, we achieve state-of-the-art test F1 score 99.36 on the PPI dataset, while the previous best result was 98.71 by~\citezhang2018gaan.	Cluster-GCN: An Efficient Algorithm for Training Deep and Large Graph Convolutional Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sara Ahmadian:Alessandro Epasto:Ravi Kumar:Mohammad Mahdian	In this paper we consider clustering problems in which each point is endowed with a color. The goal is to cluster the points to minimize the classical clustering cost but with the additional constraint that no color is over-represented in any cluster. This problem is motivated by practical clustering settings, e.g., in clustering news articles where the color of an article is its source, it is preferable that no single news source dominates any cluster. For the most general version of this problem, we obtain an algorithm that has provable guarantees of performance; our algorithm is based on finding a fractional solution using a linear program and rounding the solution subsequently. For the special case of the problem where no color has an absolute majority in any cluster, we obtain a simpler combinatorial algorithm also with provable guarantees. Experiments on real-world data shows that our algorithms are effective in finding good clustering without over-representation.	Clustering without Over-Representation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongchang Gao:Jian Pei:Heng Huang	attention in recent years. Unlike the standard convolutional neural network, graph convolutional neural networks perform the convolutional operation on the graph data. Compared with the generic data, the graph data possess the similarity information between different nodes. Thus, it is important to preserve this kind of similarity information in the hidden layers of graph convolutional neural networks. However, existing works fail to do that. On the other hand, it is challenging to enforce the hidden layers to preserve the similarity relationship. To address this issue, we propose a novel CRF layer for graph convolutional neural networks to encourage similar nodes to have similar hidden features. In this way, the similarity information can be preserved explicitly. In addition, the proposed CRF layer is easy to compute and optimize. Therefore, it can be easily inserted into existing graph convolutional neural networks to improve their performance. At last, extensive experimental results have verified the effectiveness of our proposed CRF layer.	Conditional Random Field Enhanced Graph Convolutional Neural Networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Silu Huang:Jialu Liu:Flip Korn:Xuezhi Wang:You Wu:Dale Markowitz:Cong Yu	Modern search engines increasingly incorporate tabular content, which consists of a set of entities each augmented with a small set of facts. The facts can be obtained from multiple sources: an entity's knowledge base entry, the infobox on its Wikipedia page, or its row within a WebTable. Crucially, the informativeness of a fact depends not only on the entity but also the specific context(e.g., the query).To the best of our knowledge, this paper is the first to study the problem of contextual fact ranking: given some entities and a context (i.e., succinct natural language description), identify the most informative facts for the entities collectively within the context.We propose to contextually rank the facts by exploiting deep learning techniques. In particular, we develop pointwise and pair-wise ranking models, using textual and statistical information for the given entities and context derived from their sources. We enhance the models by incorporating entity type information from an IsA (hypernym) database. We demonstrate that our approaches achieve better performance than state-of-the-art baselines in terms of MAP, NDCG, and recall. We further conduct user studies for two specific applications of contextual fact ranking-table synthesis and table compression-and show that our models can identify more informative facts than the baselines.	Contextual Fact Ranking and Its Applications in Table Synthesis and Compression	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anes Bendimerad:Jefrey Lijffijt:Marc Plantevit:CÃ©line Robardet:Tijl De Bie	Concepts are often described in terms of positive integer-valued attributes that are organized in a hierarchy. For example, cities can be described in terms of how many places there are of various types (e.g. nightlife spots, residences, food venues), and these places are organized in a hierarchy (e.g. a Portuguese restaurant is a type of food venue). This hierarchy imposes particular constraints on the values of related attributes---e.g. there cannot be more Portuguese restaurants than food venues. Moreover, knowing that a city has many food venues makes it less surprising that it also has many Portuguese restaurants, and vice versa. In the present paper, we attempt to characterize such concepts in terms of so-called contrastive antichains: particular kinds of subsets of their attributes and their values. We address the question of when a contrastive antichain is interesting, in the sense that it concisely describes the unique aspects of the concept, and this while duly taking into account the known attribute dependencies implied by the hierarchy. Our approach is capable of accounting for previously identified contrastive antichains, making iterative mining possible. Besides the interestingness measure, we also present an algorithm that scales well in practice, and demonstrate the usefulness of the method in an extensive empirical results section.	Contrastive Antichains in Hierarchies	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Junchen Ye:Leilei Sun:Bowen Du:Yanjie Fu:Xinran Tong:Hui Xiong	Taxi and sharing bike bring great convenience to urban transportation. A lot of efforts have been made to improve the efficiency of taxi service or bike sharing system by predicting the next-period pick-up or drop-off demand. Different from the existing research, this paper is motivated by the following two facts: 1) From a micro view, an observed spatial demand at any time slot could be decomposed as a combination of many hidden spatial demand bases; 2) From a macro view, the multiple transportation demands are strongly correlated with each other, both spatially and temporally. Definitely, the above two views have great potential to revolutionize the existing taxi or bike demand prediction methods. Along this line, this paper provides a novel Co-prediction method based on Spatio-Temporal neural Network, namely, CoST-Net. In particular, a deep convolutional neural network is constructed to decompose a spatial demand into a combination of hidden spatial demand bases. The combination weight vector is used as a representation of the decomposed spatial demand. Then, a heterogeneous Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) is proposed to integrate the states of multiple transportation demands, and also model the dynamics of them mixedly. Last, the environmental features such as humidity and temperature are incorporated with the achieved overall hidden states to predict the multiple demands simultaneously. Experiments have been conducted on real-world taxi and sharing bike demand data, results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method over both classical and the state-of-the-art transportation demand prediction methods.	Co-Prediction of Multiple Transportation Demands Based on Deep Spatio-Temporal Neural Network	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yanhao Wang:Yuchen Li:Kian-Lee Tan	Coresets are important tools to generate concise summaries of massive datasets for approximate analysis. A coreset is a small subset of points extracted from the original point set such that certain geometric properties are preserved with provable guarantees. This paper investigates the problem of maintaining a coreset to preserve the minimum enclosing ball (MEB) for a sliding window of points that are continuously updated in a data stream. Although the problem has been extensively studied in batch and append-only streaming settings, no efficient sliding-window solution is available yet. In this work, we first introduce an algorithm, called AOMEB, to build a coreset for MEB in an append-only stream. AOMEB improves the practical performance of the state-of-the-art algorithm while having the same approximation ratio. Furthermore, using AOMEB as a building block, we propose two novel algorithms, namely SWMEB and SWMEB+, to maintain coresets for MEB over the sliding window with constant approximation ratios. The proposed algorithms also support coresets for MEB in a reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS). Finally, extensive experiments on real-world and synthetic datasets demonstrate that SWMEB and SWMEB+ achieve speedups of up to four orders of magnitude over the state-of-the-art batch algorithm while providing coresets for MEB with rather small errors compared to the optimal ones.	Coresets for Minimum Enclosing Balls over Sliding Windows	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hanpeng Liu:Yaguang Li:Michael Tsang:Yan Liu	Low-rank tensor factorization has been widely used for many real world tensor completion problems. While most existing factorization models assume a multilinearity relationship between tensor entries and their corresponding factors, real world tensors tend to have more complex interactions than multilinearity. In many recent works, it is observed that multilinear models perform worse than nonlinear models. We identify one potential reason for this inferior performance: the nonlinearity inside data obfuscates the underlying low-rank structure such that the tensor seems to be a high-rank tensor. Solving this problem requires a model to simultaneously capture the complex interactions and preserve the low-rank structure. In addition, the model should be scalable and robust to missing observations in order to learn from large yet sparse real world tensors. We propose a novel convolutional neural network (CNN) based model, named CoSTCo (Convolutional Sparse Tensor Completion). Our model leverages the expressive power of CNN to model the complex interactions inside tensors and its parameter sharing scheme to preserve the desired low-rank structure. CoSTCo is scalable as it does not involve computation- or memory- heavy tasks such as Kronecker product. We conduct extensive experiments on several real world large sparse tensors and the experimental results show that our model clearly outperforms both linear and nonlinear state-of-the-art tensor completion methods.	CoSTCo: A Neural Tensor Completion Model for Sparse Tensors	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qingquan Song:Shiyu Chang:Xia Hu	We focus on the problem of streaming recommender system and explore novel collaborative filtering algorithms to handle the data dynamicity and complexity in a streaming manner. Although deep neural networks have demonstrated the effectiveness of recommendation tasks, it is lack of explorations on integrating probabilistic models and deep architectures under streaming recommendation settings. Conjoining the complementary advantages of probabilistic models and deep neural networks could enhance both model effectiveness and the understanding of inference uncertainties. To bridge the gap, in this paper, we propose a Coupled Variational Recurrent Collaborative Filtering (CVRCF) framework based on the idea of Deep Bayesian Learning to handle the streaming recommendation problem. The framework jointly combines stochastic processes and deep factorization models under a Bayesian paradigm to model the generation and evolution of users' preferences and items' popularities. To ensure efficient optimization and streaming update, we further propose a sequential variational inference algorithm based on a cross variational recurrent neural network structure. Experimental results on three benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed framework performs favorably against the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both temporal dependency modeling and predictive accuracy. The learned latent variables also provide visualized interpretations for the evolution of temporal dynamics.	Coupled Variational Recurrent Collaborative Filtering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Donghua Liu:Jing Li:Bo Du:Jun Chang:Rong Gao	Despite the great success of many matrix factorization based collaborative filtering approaches, there is still much space for improvement in recommender system field. One main obstacle is the cold-start and data sparseness problem, requiring better solutions. Recent studies have attempted to integrate review information into rating prediction. However, there are two main problems: (1) most of existing works utilize a static and independent method to extract the latent feature representation of user and item reviews ignoring the correlation between the latent features, which may fail to capture the preference of users comprehensively. (2) there is no effective framework that unifies ratings and reviews. Therefore, we propose a novel d ual a ttention m utual l earning between ratings and reviews for item recommendation, named DAML. Specifically, we utilize local and mutual attention of the convolutional neural network to jointly learn the features of reviews to enhance the interpretability of the proposed DAML model. Then the rating features and review features are integrated into a unified neural network model, and the higher-order nonlinear interaction of features are realized by the neural factorization machines to complete the final rating prediction. Experiments on the five real-world datasets show that DAML achieves significantly better rating prediction accuracy compared to the state-of-the-art methods. Furthermore, the attention mechanism can highlight the relevant information in reviews to increase the interpretability of rating prediction.	DAML: Dual Attention Mutual Learning between Ratings and Reviews for Item Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Guansong Pang:Chunhua Shen:Anton van den Hengel	Although deep learning has been applied to successfully address many data mining problems, relatively limited work has been done on deep learning for anomaly detection. Existing deep anomaly detection methods, which focus on learning new feature representations to enable downstream anomaly detection methods, perform indirect optimization of anomaly scores, leading to data-inefficient learning and suboptimal anomaly scoring. Also, they are typically designed as unsupervised learning due to the lack of large-scale labeled anomaly data. As a result, they are difficult to leverage prior knowledge (e.g., a few labeled anomalies) when such information is available as in many real-world anomaly detection applications. This paper introduces a novel anomaly detection framework and its instantiation to address these problems. Instead of representation learning, our method fulfills an end-to-end learning of anomaly scores by a neural deviation learning, in which we leverage a few (e.g., multiple to dozens) labeled anomalies and a prior probability to enforce statistically significant deviations of the anomaly scores of anomalies from that of normal data objects in the upper tail. Extensive results show that our method can be trained substantially more data-efficiently and achieves significantly better anomaly scoring than state-of-the-art competing methods.	Deep Anomaly Detection with Deviation Networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kan Ren:Jiarui Qin:Lei Zheng:Zhengyu Yang:Weinan Zhang:Yong Yu	The emergence of real-time auction in online advertising has drawn huge attention of modeling the market competition, i.e., bid landscape forecasting. The problem is formulated as to forecast the probability distribution of market price for each ad auction. With the consideration of the censorship issue which is caused by the second-price auction mechanism, many researchers have devoted their efforts on bid landscape forecasting by incorporating survival analysis from medical research field. However, most existing solutions mainly focus on either counting-based statistics of the segmented sample clusters, or learning a parameterized model based on some heuristic assumptions of distribution forms. Moreover, they neither consider the sequential patterns of the feature over the price space. In order to capture more sophisticated yet flexible patterns at fine-grained level of the data, we propose a Deep Landscape Forecasting (DLF) model which combines deep learning for probability distribution forecasting and survival analysis for censorship handling. Specifically, we utilize a recurrent neural network to flexibly model the conditional winning probability w.r.t. each bid price. Then we conduct the bid landscape forecasting through probability chain rule with strict mathematical derivations. And, in an end-to-end manner, we optimize the model by minimizing two negative likelihood losses with comprehensive motivations. Without any specific assumption for the distribution form of bid landscape, our model shows great advantages over previous works on fitting various sophisticated market price distributions. In the experiments over two large-scale real-world datasets, our model significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art solutions under various metrics.	Deep Landscape Forecasting for Real-time Bidding Advertising	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Maya Okawa:Tomoharu Iwata:Takeshi Kurashima:Yusuke Tanaka:Hiroyuki Toda:Naonori Ueda	Predicting when and where events will occur in cities, like taxi pick-ups, crimes, and vehicle collisions, is a challenging and important problem with many applications in fields such as urban planning, transportation optimization and location-based marketing. Though many point processes have been proposed to model events in a continuous spatio-temporal space, none of them allow for the consideration of the rich contextual factors that affect event occurrence, such as weather, social activities, geographical characteristics, and traffic. In this paper, we propose DMPP (Deep Mixture Point Processes), a point process model for predicting spatio-temporal events with the use of rich contextual information; a key advance is its incorporation of the heterogeneous and high-dimensional context available in image and text data. Specifically, we design the intensity of our point process model as a mixture of kernels, where the mixture weights are modeled by a deep neural network. This formulation allows us to automatically learn the complex nonlinear effects of the contextual factors on event occurrence. At the same time, this formulation makes analytical integration over the intensity, which is required for point process estimation, tractable. We use real-world data sets from different domains to demonstrate that DMPP has better predictive performance than existing methods.	Deep Mixture Point Processes: Spatio-temporal Event Prediction with Rich Contextual Information	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Guolin Ke:Zhenhui Xu:Jia Zhang:Jiang Bian:Tie-Yan Liu	Online prediction has become one of the most essential tasks in many real-world applications. Two main characteristics of typical online prediction tasks include tabular input space and online data generation. Specifically, tabular input space indicates the existence of both sparse categorical features and dense numerical ones, while online data generation implies continuous task-generated data with potentially dynamic distribution. Consequently, effective learning with tabular input space as well as fast adaption to online data generation become two vital challenges for obtaining the online prediction model. Although Gradient Boosting Decision Tree (GBDT) and Neural Network (NN) have been widely used in practice, either of them yields their own weaknesses. Particularly, GBDT can hardly be adapted to dynamic online data generation, and it tends to be ineffective when facing sparse categorical features; NN, on the other hand, is quite difficult to achieve satisfactory performance when facing dense numerical features. In this paper, we propose a new learning framework, DeepGBM, which integrates the advantages of the both NN and GBDT by using two corresponding NN components: (1) CatNN, focusing on handling sparse categorical features. (2) GBDT2NN, focusing on dense numerical features with distilled knowledge from GBDT. Powered by these two components, DeepGBM can leverage both categorical and numerical features while retaining the ability of efficient online update. Comprehensive experiments on a variety of publicly available datasets have demonstrated that DeepGBM can outperform other well-recognized baselines in various online prediction tasks.	DeepGBM: A Deep Learning Framework Distilled by GBDT for Online Prediction Tasks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kai Shu:Limeng Cui:Suhang Wang:Dongwon Lee:Huan Liu	In recent years, to mitigate the problem of fake news, computational detection of fake news has been studied, producing some promising early results. While important, however, we argue that a critical missing piece of the study be the explainability of such detection, i.e., why a particular piece of news is detected as fake. In this paper, therefore, we study the explainable detection of fake news. We develop a sentence-comment co-attention sub-network to exploit both news contents and user comments to jointly capture explainable top-k check-worthy sentences and user comments for fake news detection. We conduct extensive experiments on real-world datasets and demonstrate that the proposed method not only significantly outperforms 7 state-of-the-art fake news detection methods by at least 5.33% in F1-score, but also (concurrently) identifies top-k user comments that explain why a news piece is fake, better than baselines by 28.2% in NDCG and 30.7% in Precision.	dEFEND: Explainable Fake News Detection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jun Wu:Jingrui He:Jiejun Xu	Graph data widely exist in many high-impact applications. Inspired by the success of deep learning in grid-structured data, graph neural network models have been proposed to learn powerful node-level or graph-level representation. However, most of the existing graph neural networks suffer from the following limitations: (1) there is limited analysis regarding the graph convolution properties, such as seed-oriented, degree-aware and order-free; (2) the node's degreespecific graph structure is not explicitly expressed in graph convolution for distinguishing structure-aware node neighborhoods; (3) the theoretical explanation regarding the graph-level pooling schemes is unclear. To address these problems, we propose a generic degree-specific graph neural network named DEMO-Net motivated by Weisfeiler-Lehman graph isomorphism test that recursively identifies 1-hop neighborhood structures. In order to explicitly capture the graph topology integrated with node attributes, we argue that graph convolution should have three properties: seed-oriented, degree-aware, order-free. To this end, we propose multi-task graph convolution where each task represents node representation learning for nodes with a specific degree value, thus leading to preserving the degreespecific graph structure. In particular, we design two multi-task learning methods: degree-specific weight and hashing functions for graph convolution. In addition, we propose a novel graph-level pooling/readout scheme for learning graph representation provably lying in a degree-specific Hilbert kernel space. The experimental results on several node and graph classification benchmark data sets demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed DEMO-Net over state-of-the-art graph neural network models.	DEMO-Net: Degree-specific Graph Neural Networks for Node and Graph Classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jing-Han Wu:Min-Ling Zhang	Partial label learning is an emerging weakly-supervised learning framework where each training example is associated with multiple candidate labels among which only one is valid. Dimensionality reduction serves as an effective way to help improve the generalization ability of learning system, while the task of partial label dimensionality reduction is challenging due to the unknown ground-truth labeling information. In this paper, the first attempt towards partial label dimensionality reduction is investigated by endowing the popular linear discriminant analysis (LDA) techniques with the ability of dealing with partial label training examples. Specifically, a novel learning procedure named DELIN is proposed which alternates between LDA dimensionality reduction and candidate label disambiguation based on estimated labeling confidences over candidate labels. On one hand, the projection matrix of LDA is optimized by utilizing disambiguation-guided labeling confidences. On the other hand, the labeling confidences are disambiguated by resorting to kNN aggregation in the LDA-induced feature space. Extensive experiments on synthetic as well as real-world partial label data sets clearly validate the effectiveness of DELIN in improving the generalization ability of state-of-the-art partial label learning algorithms.	Disambiguation Enabled Linear Discriminant Analysis for Partial Label Dimensionality Reduction	NA:NA	2018
Michael Doron:Idan Segev:Dafna Shahaf	Scientific computational models are crucial for analyzing and understanding complex real-life systems that are otherwise difficult for experimentation. However, the complex behavior and the vast input-output space of these models often make them opaque, slowing the discovery of novel phenomena. In this work, we present HINT (Hessian INTerestingness) -- a new algorithm that can automatically and systematically explore black-box models and highlight local nonlinear interactions in the input-output space of the model. This tool aims to facilitate the discovery of interesting model behaviors that are unknown to the researchers. Using this simple yet powerful tool, we were able to correctly rank all pairwise interactions in known benchmark models and do so faster and with greater accuracy than state-of-the-art methods. We further applied HINT to existing computational neuroscience models, and were able to reproduce important scientific discoveries that were published years after the creation of those models. Finally, we ran HINT on two real-world models (in neuroscience and earth science) and found new behaviors of the model that were of value to domain experts.	Discovering Unexpected Local Nonlinear Interactions in Scientific Black-box Models	NA:NA:NA	2018
Baojian Zhou:Feng Chen:Yiming Ying	Online learning algorithms update models via one sample per iteration, thus efficient to process large-scale datasets and useful to detect malicious events for social benefits, such as disease outbreak and traffic congestion on the fly. However, existing algorithms for graph-structured models focused on the offline setting and the least square loss, incapable for online setting, while methods designed for online setting cannot be directly applied to the problem of complex (usually non-convex) graph-structured sparsity model. To address these limitations, in this paper we propose a new algorithm for graph-structured sparsity constraint problems under online setting, which we call GraphDA. The key part in GraphDA is to project both averaging gradient (in dual space) and primal variables (in primal space) onto lower dimensional subspaces, thus capturing the graph-structured sparsity effectively. Furthermore, the objective functions assumed here are generally convex so as to handle different losses for online learning settings. To the best of our knowledge, GraphDA is the first online learning algorithm for graph-structure constrained optimization problems. To validate our method, we conduct extensive experiments on both benchmark graph and real-world graph datasets. Our experiment results show that, compared to other baseline methods, GraphDA not only improves classification performance, but also successfully captures graph-structured features more effectively, hence stronger interpretability.	Dual Averaging Method for Online Graph-structured Sparsity	NA:NA:NA	2018
Qitian Wu:Yirui Gao:Xiaofeng Gao:Paul Weng:Guihai Chen	Sequential recommendation and information dissemination are two traditional problems for sequential information retrieval. The common goal of the two problems is to predict future user-item interactions based on past observed interactions. The difference is that the former deals with users' histories of clicked items, while the latter focuses on items' histories of infected users.In this paper, we take a fresh view and propose dual sequential prediction models that unify these two thinking paradigms. One user-centered model takes a user's historical sequence of interactions as input, captures the user's dynamic states, and approximates the conditional probability of the next interaction for a given item based on the user's past clicking logs. By contrast, one item-centered model leverages an item's history, captures the item's dynamic states, and approximates the conditional probability of the next interaction for a given user based on the item's past infection records. To take advantage of the dual information, we design a new training mechanism which lets the two models play a game with each other and use the predicted score from the opponent to design a feedback signal to guide the training. We show that the dual models can better distinguish false negative samples and true negative samples compared with single sequential recommendation or information dissemination models. Experiments on four real-world datasets demonstrate the superiority of proposed model over some strong baselines as well as the effectiveness of dual training mechanism between two models.	Dual Sequential Prediction Models Linking Sequential Recommendation and Information Dissemination	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yasuko Matsubara:Yasushi Sakurai	Given a large, semi-infinite collection of co-evolving data sequences (e.g., IoT/sensor streams), which contains multiple distinct dynamic time-series patterns, our aim is to incrementally monitor current dynamic patterns and forecast future behavior. We present an intuitive model, namely OrbitMap, which provides a good summary of time-series evolution in streams. We also propose a scalable and effective algorithm for fitting and forecasting time-series data streams. Our method is designed as a dynamic, interactive and flexible system, and is based on latent non-linear differential equations. Our proposed method has the following advantages: (a) It is effective: it captures important time-evolving patterns in data streams and enables real-time, long-range forecasting; (b) It is general: our model is general and practical and can be applied to various types of time-evolving data streams; (c) It is scalable: our algorithm does not depend on data size, and thus is applicable to very large sequences. Extensive experiments on real datasets demonstrate that OrbitMap makes long-range forecasts, and consistently outperforms the best existing state-of-the-art methods as regards accuracy and execution speed.	Dynamic Modeling and Forecasting of Time-evolving Data Streams	NA:NA	2018
Chengxi Zang:Peng Cui:Wenwu Zhu:Fei Wang	Many real-world problems are time-evolving in nature, such as the progression of diseases, the cascading process when a post is broadcasting in a social network, or the changing of climates. The observational data characterizing these complex problems are usually only available at discrete time stamps, this makes the existing research on analyzing these problems mostly based on a cross-sectional analysis. In this paper, we try to model these time-evolving phenomena by a dynamic system and the data sets observed at different time stamps are probability distribution functions generated by such a dynamic system. We propose a theorem which builds a mathematical relationship between a dynamical system modeled by differential equations and the distribution function (or survival function) of the cross-sectional states of this system. We then develop a survival analysis framework to learn the differential equations of a dynamical system from its cross-sectional states. With such a framework, we are able to capture the continuous-time dynamics of an evolutionary system.We validate our framework on both synthetic and real-world data sets. The experimental results show that our framework is able to discover and capture the generative dynamics of various data distributions accurately. Our study can potentially facilitate scientific discoveries of the unknown dynamics of complex systems in the real world.	Dynamical Origins of Distribution Functions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pei-Zhen Li:Ling Huang:Chang-Dong Wang:Jian-Huang Lai	Network community detection is a hot research topic in network analysis. Although many methods have been proposed for community detection, most of them only take into consideration the lower-order structure of the network at the level of individual nodes and edges. Thus, they fail to capture the higher-order characteristics at the level of small dense subgraph patterns, e.g., motifs. Recently, some higher-order methods have been developed but they typically focus on the motif-based hypergraph which is assumed to be a connected graph. However, such assumption cannot be ensured in some real-world networks. In particular, the hypergraph may become fragmented. That is, it may consist of a large number of connected components and isolated nodes, despite the fact that the original network is a connected graph. Therefore, the existing higher-order methods would suffer seriously from the above fragmentation issue, since in these approaches, nodes without connection in hypergraph can't be grouped together even if they belong to the same community. To address the above fragmentation issue, we propose an Edge enhancement approach for Motif-aware community detection (EdMot ). The main idea is as follows. Firstly, a motif-based hypergraph is constructed and the top K largest connected components in the hypergraph are partitioned into modules. Afterwards, the connectivity structure within each module is strengthened by constructing an edge set to derive a clique from each module. Based on the new edge set, the original connectivity structure of the input network is enhanced to generate a rewired network, whereby the motif-based higher-order structure is leveraged and the hypergraph fragmentation issue is well addressed. Finally, the rewired network is partitioned to obtain the higher-order community structure. Extensive experiments have been conducted on eight real-world datasets and the results show the effectiveness of the proposed method in improving the community detection performance of state-of-the-art methods.	EdMot: An Edge Enhancement Approach for Motif-aware Community Detection	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lisi Chen:Shuo Shang:Christian S. Jensen:Bin Yao:Zhiwei Zhang:Ling Shao	With the increasing availability of moving-object tracking data, use of this data for route search and recommendation is increasingly important. To this end, we propose a novel parallel split-and-combine approach to enable route search by locations (RSL-Psc). Given a set of routes, a set of places to visit O, and a threshold Î¸, we retrieve the route composed of sub-routes that (i) has similarity to O no less than Î¸ and (ii) contains the minimum number of sub-route combinations. The resulting functionality targets a broad range of applications, including route planning and recommendation, ridesharing, and location-based services in general. To enable efficient and effective RSL-Psc computation on massive route data, we develop novel search space pruning techniques and enable use of the parallel processing capabilities of modern processors. Specifically, we develop two parallel algorithms, Fully-Split Parallel Search (FSPS) and Group-Split Parallel Search (GSPS). We divide the route split-and-combine task into âˆ‘k=0 M S(|O|,k+1) sub-tasks, where M is the maximum number of combinations and S(â‹…) is the Stirling number of the second kind. In each sub-task, we use network expansion and exploit spatial similarity bounds for pruning. The algorithms split candidate routes into sub-routes and combine them to construct new routes. The sub-tasks are independent and are performed in parallel. Extensive experiments with real data offer insight into the performance of the algorithms, indicating that our RSL-Psc problem can generate high-quality results and that the two algorithms are capable of achieving high efficiency and scalability.	Effective and Efficient Reuse of Past Travel Behavior for Route Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zheng Wang:Cheng Long:Gao Cong:Ce Ju	With the proliferation of commercial tracking systems, sports data is being generated at an unprecedented speed and the interest in sports play retrieval has grown dramatically as well. However, it is challenging to design an effective, efficient and robust similarity measure for sports play retrieval. To this end, we propose a deep learning approach to learn the representations of sports plays, called play2vec, which is robust against noise and takes only linear time to compute the similarity between two sports plays. We conduct experiments on real-world soccer match data, and the results show that our solution performs more effectively and efficiently compared with the state-of-the-art methods.	Effective and Efficient Sports Play Retrieval with Deep Representation Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yexin Li:Yu Zheng:Qiang Yang	Express systems are widely deployed in many major cities. Couriers in an express system load parcels at transit station and deliver them to customers. Meanwhile, they also try to serve the pick-up requests which come stochastically in real time during the delivery process. Having brought much convenience and promoted the development of e-commerce, express systems face challenges on courier management to complete the massive number of tasks per day. Considering this problem, we propose a reinforcement learning based framework to learn a courier management policy. Firstly, we divide the city into independent regions, in each of which a constant number of couriers deliver parcels and serve requests cooperatively. Secondly, we propose a soft-label clustering algorithm named Balanced Delivery-Service Burden (BDSB) to dispatch parcels to couriers in each region. BDSB guarantees that each courier has almost even delivery and expected request-service burden when departing from transit station, giving a reasonable initialization for online management later. As pick-up requests come in real time, a Contextual Cooperative Reinforcement Learning (CCRL) model is proposed to guide where should each courier deliver and serve in each short period. Being formulated in a multi-agent way, CCRL focuses on the cooperation among couriers while also considering the system context. Experiments on real-world data from Beijing are conducted to confirm the outperformance of our model.	Efficient and Effective Express via Contextual Cooperative Reinforcement Learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lingfei Wu:Ian En-Hsu Yen:Siyu Huo:Liang Zhao:Kun Xu:Liang Ma:Shouling Ji:Charu Aggarwal	Analysis of large-scale sequential data has been one of the most crucial tasks in areas such as bioinformatics, text, and audio mining. Existing string kernels, however, either (i) rely on local features of short substructures in the string, which hardly capture long discriminative patterns, (ii) sum over too many substructures, such as all possible subsequences, which leads to diagonal dominance of the kernel matrix, or (iii) rely on non-positive-definite similarity measures derived from the edit distance. Furthermore, while there have been works addressing the computational challenge with respect to the length of string, most of them still experience quadratic complexity in terms of the number of training samples when used in a kernel-based classifier. In this paper, we present a new class of global string kernels that aims to (i) discover global properties hidden in the strings through global alignments, (ii) maintain positive-definiteness of the kernel, without introducing a diagonal dominant kernel matrix, and (iii) have a training cost linear with respect to not only the length of the string but also the number of training string samples. To this end, the proposed kernels are explicitly defined through a series of different random feature maps, each corresponding to a distribution of random strings. We show that kernels defined this way are always positive-definite, and exhibit computational benefits as they always produce Random String Embeddings (RSE) that can be directly used in any linear classification models. Our extensive experiments on nine benchmark datasets corroborate that RSE achieves better or comparable accuracy in comparison to state-of-the-art baselines, especially with the strings of longer lengths. In addition, we empirically show that RSE scales linearly with the increase of the number and the length of string.	Efficient Global String Kernel with Random Features: Beyond Counting Substructures	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lijun Chang	This paper studies the problem of MCC-Sparse, Maximum Clique Computation over large real-world graphs that are usually Sparse. In the literature, MCC-Sparse has been studied separately and less extensively than its dense counterpart MCC-Dense, and advanced algorithmic techniques that are developed for MCC-Dense have not been utilized in the existing MCC-Sparse solvers. In this paper, we design an algorithm MC-BRB which transforms an instance of MCC-Sparse to instances of k-clique finding over dense subgraphs (KCF-Dense) that can be computed by the existing MCC-Dense solvers. To further improve the efficiency, we then develop a new branch-reduce-&-bound framework for KCF-Dense by proposing light-weight reducing techniques and leveraging the existing advanced branching and bounding techniques of MCC-Dense solvers. In addition, we also design an ego-centric algorithm MC-EGO for heuristically computing a near-maximum clique in near-linear time. We conduct extensive empirical studies on large real graphs and demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques.	Efficient Maximum Clique Computation over Large Sparse Graphs	NA	2018
Jingyuan Wang:Ning Wu:Wayne Xin Zhao:Fanzhang Peng:Xin Lin	Personalized Route Recommendation (PRR) aims to generate user-specific route suggestions in response to users' route queries. Early studies cast the PRR task as a pathfinding problem on graphs, and adopt adapted search algorithms by integrating heuristic strategies. Although these methods are effective to some extent, they require setting the cost functions with heuristics. In addition, it is difficult to utilize useful context information in the search procedure. To address these issues, we propose using neural networks to automatically learn the cost functions of a classic heuristic algorithm, namely A* algorithm, for the PRR task. Our model consists of two components. First, we employ attention-based Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) to model the cost from the source to the candidate location by incorporating useful context information. Instead of learning a single cost value, the RNN component is able to learn a time-varying vectorized representation for the moving state of a user. Second, we propose to use a value network for estimating the cost from a candidate location to the destination. For capturing structural characteristics, the value network is built on top of improved graph attention networks by incorporating the moving state of a user and other context information. The two components are integrated in a principled way for deriving a more accurate cost of a candidate location. Extensive experiment results on three real-world datasets have shown the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed model.	Empowering A* Search Algorithms with Neural Networks for Personalized Route Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qinyong Wang:Hongzhi Yin:Hao Wang:Quoc Viet Hung Nguyen:Zi Huang:Lizhen Cui	Collaborative filtering (CF) has become one of the most popular and widely used methods in recommender systems, but its performance degrades sharply for users with rare interaction data. Most existing hybrid CF methods try to incorporate side information such as review texts to alleviate the data sparsity problem. However, the process of exploiting and integrating side information is computationally expensive. Existing hybrid recommendation methods treat each user equally and ignore that the pure CF methods have already achieved both effective and efficient recommendation performance for active users with sufficient interaction records and the little improvement brought by side information to these active users is ignorable. Therefore, they are not cost-effective solutions. One cost-effective idea to bypass this dilemma is to generate sufficient "real" interaction data for the inactive users with the help of side information, and then a pure CF method could be performed on this augmented dataset effectively. However, there are three major challenges to implement this idea. Firstly, how to ensure the correctness of the generated interaction data. Secondly, how to combine the data augmentation process and recommendation process into a unified model and train the model end-to-end. Thirdly, how to make the solution generalizable for various side information and recommendation tasks. In light of these challenges, we propose a generic and effective CF model called AugCF that supports a wide variety of recommendation tasks. AugCF is based on Conditional Generative Adversarial Nets that additionally consider the class (like or dislike) as a feature to generate new interaction data, which can be a sufficiently real augmentation to the original dataset. Also, AugCF adopts a novel discriminator loss and Gumbel-Softmax approximation to enable end-to-end training. Finally, extensive experiments are conducted on two large-scale recommendation datasets, and the experimental results show the superiority of our proposed model.	Enhancing Collaborative Filtering with Generative Augmentation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shibo Yao:Dantong Yu:Keli Xiao	We present a novel method named Latent Semantic Imputation (LSI) to transfer external knowledge into semantic space for enhancing word embedding. The method integrates graph theory to extract the latent manifold structure of the entities in the affinity space and leverages non-negative least squares with standard simplex constraints and power iteration method to derive spectral embeddings. It provides an effective and efficient approach to combining entity representations defined in different Euclidean spaces. Specifically, our approach generates and imputes reliable embedding vectors for low-frequency words in the semantic space and benefits downstream language tasks that depend on word embedding. We conduct comprehensive experiments on a carefully designed classification problem and language modeling and demonstrate the superiority of the enhanced embedding via LSI over several well-known benchmark embeddings. We also confirm the consistency of the results under different parameter settings of our method.	Enhancing Domain Word Embedding via Latent Semantic Imputation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wenjie Shang:Yang Yu:Qingyang Li:Zhiwei Qin:Yiping Meng:Jieping Ye	Reinforcement learning aims at searching the best policy model for decision making, and has been shown powerful for sequential recommendations. The training of the policy by reinforcement learning, however, is placed in an environment. In many real-world applications, however, the policy training in the real environment can cause an unbearable cost, due to the exploration in the environment. Environment reconstruction from the past data is thus an appealing way to release the power of reinforcement learning in these applications. The reconstruction of the environment is, basically, to extract the casual effect model from the data. However, real-world applications are often too complex to offer fully observable environment information. Therefore, quite possibly there are unobserved confounding variables lying behind the data. The hidden confounder can obstruct an effective reconstruction of the environment. In this paper, by treating the hidden confounder as a hidden policy, we propose a deconfounded multi-agent environment reconstruction (DEMER) approach in order to learn the environment together with the hidden confounder. DEMER adopts a multi-agent generative adversarial imitation learning framework. It proposes to introduce the confounder embedded policy, and use the compatible discriminator for training the policies. We then apply DEMER in an application of driver program recommendation. We firstly use an artificial driver program recommendation environment, abstracted from the real application, to verify and analyze the effectiveness of DEMER. We then test DEMER in the real application of Didi Chuxing. Experiment results show that DEMER can effectively reconstruct the hidden confounder, and thus can build the environment better. DEMER also derives a recommendation policy with a significantly improved performance in the test phase of the real application.	Environment Reconstruction with Hidden Confounders for Reinforcement Learning based Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bijaya Adhikari:Xinfeng Xu:Naren Ramakrishnan:B. Aditya Prakash	Influenza leads to regular losses of lives annually and requires careful monitoring and control by health organizations. Annual influenza forecasts help policymakers implement effective countermeasures to control both seasonal and pandemic outbreaks. Existing forecasting techniques suffer from problems such as poor forecasting performance, lack of modeling flexibility, data sparsity, and/or lack of intepretability. We propose EpiDeep, a novel deep neural network approach for epidemic forecasting which tackles all of these issues by learning meaningful representations of incidence curves in a continuous feature space and accurately predicting future incidences, peak intensity, peak time, and onset of the upcoming season. We present extensive experiments on forecasting ILI (influenza-like illnesses) in the United States, leveraging multiple metrics to quantify success. Our results demonstrate that EpiDeep is successful at learning meaningful embeddings and, more importantly, that these embeddings evolve as the season progresses. Furthermore, our approach outperforms non-trivial baselines by up to 40%.	EpiDeep: Exploiting Embeddings for Epidemic Forecasting	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kirill Paramonov:Dmitry Shemetov:James Sharpnack	Exploratory analysis over network data is often limited by the ability to efficiently calculate graph statistics, which can provide a model-free understanding of the macroscopic properties of a network. We introduce a framework for estimating the graphlet count---the number of occurrences of a small subgraph motif (e.g. a wedge or a triangle) in the network. For massive graphs, where accessing the whole graph is not possible, the only viable algorithms are those that make a limited number of vertex neighborhood queries. We introduce a Monte Carlo sampling technique for graphlet counts, called Lifting, which can simultaneously sample all graphlets of size up to k vertices for arbitrary k. This is the first graphlet sampling method that can provably sample every graphlet with positive probability and can sample graphlets of arbitrary size k. We outline variants of lifted graphlet counts, including the ordered, unordered, and shotgun estimators, random walk starts, and parallel vertex starts. We prove that our graphlet count updates are unbiased for the true graphlet count and have a controlled variance for all graphlets. We compare the experimental performance of lifted graphlet counts to the state-of-the art graphlet sampling procedures: Waddling and the pairwise subgraph random walk.	Estimating Graphlet Statistics via Lifting	NA:NA:NA	2018
Namyong Park:Andrey Kan:Xin Luna Dong:Tong Zhao:Christos Faloutsos	How can we estimate the importance of nodes in a knowledge graph (KG)? A KG is a multi-relational graph that has proven valuable for many tasks including question answering and semantic search. In this paper, we present GENI, a method for tackling the problem of estimating node importance in KGs, which enables several downstream applications such as item recommendation and resource allocation. While a number of approaches have been developed to address this problem for general graphs, they do not fully utilize information available in KGs, or lack flexibility needed to model complex relationship between entities and their importance. To address these limitations, we explore supervised machine learning algorithms. In particular, building upon recent advancement of graph neural networks (GNNs), we develop GENI, a GNN-based method designed to deal with distinctive challenges involved with predicting node importance in KGs. Our method performs an aggregation of importance scores instead of aggregating node embeddings via predicate-aware attention mechanism and flexible centrality adjustment. In our evaluation of GENI and existing methods on predicting node importance in real-world KGs with different characteristics, GENI achieves 5-17% higher [emailÂ protected] than the state of the art.	Estimating Node Importance in Knowledge Graphs Using Graph Neural Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Songshan Yang:Jiawei Wen:Xiang Zhan:Daniel Kifer	The $L_1 $ regularization (Lasso) has proven to be a versatile tool to select relevant features and estimate the model coefficients simultaneously and has been widely used in many research areas such as genomes studies, finance, and biomedical imaging. Despite its popularity, it is very challenging to guarantee the feature selection consistency of Lasso especially when the dimension of the data is huge. One way to improve the feature selection consistency is to select an ideal tuning parameter. Traditional tuning criteria mainly focus on minimizing the estimated prediction error or maximizing the posterior model probability, such as cross-validation and BIC, which may either be time-consuming or fail to control the false discovery rate (FDR) when the number of features is extremely large. The other way is to introduce pseudo-features to learn the importance of the original ones. Recently, the Knockoff filter is proposed to control the FDR when performing feature selection. However, its performance is sensitive to the choice of the expected FDR threshold. Motivated by these ideas, we propose a new method using pseudo-features to obtain an ideal tuning parameter. In particular, we present the E fficient T uning of Lasso (ET-Lasso ) to separate active and inactive features by adding permuted features as pseudo-features in linear models. The pseudo-features are constructed to be inactive by nature, which can be used to obtain a cutoff to select the tuning parameter that separates active and inactive features. Experimental studies on both simulations and real-world data applications are provided to show that ET-Lasso can effectively and efficiently select active features under a wide range of scenarios.	ET-Lasso: A New Efficient Tuning of Lasso-type Regularization for High-Dimensional Data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yu Gong:Yu Zhu:Lu Duan:Qingwen Liu:Ziyu Guan:Fei Sun:Wenwu Ou:Kenny Q. Zhu	This paper targets to a novel but practical recommendation problem named exact-K recommendation. It is different from traditional top-K recommendation, as it focuses more on (constrained) combinatorial optimization which will optimize to recommend a whole set of K items called card, rather than ranking optimization which assumes that "better" items should be put into top positions. Thus we take the first step to give a formal problem definition, and innovatively reduce it to Maximum Clique Optimization based on graph. To tackle this specific combinatorial optimization problem which is NP-hard, we propose Graph Attention Networks (GAttN) with a Multi-head Self-attention encoder and a decoder with attention mechanism. It can end-to-end learn the joint distribution of the K items and generate an optimal card rather than rank individual items by prediction scores. Then we propose Reinforcement Learning from Demonstrations (RLfD) which combines the advantages in behavior cloning and reinforcement learning, making it sufficient-and-efficient to train the model. Extensive experiments on three datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed GAttN with RLfD method, it outperforms several strong baselines with a relative improvement of 7.7% and 4.7% on average in Precision and Hit Ratio respectively, and achieves state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance for the exact-K recommendation problem.	Exact-K Recommendation via Maximal Clique Optimization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qi Liu:Shiwei Tong:Chuanren Liu:Hongke Zhao:Enhong Chen:Haiping Ma:Shijin Wang	Adaptive learning, also known as adaptive teaching, relies on learning path recommendation, which sequentially recommends personalized learning items (e.g., lectures, exercises) to satisfy the unique needs of each learner. Although it is well known that modeling the cognitive structure including knowledge level of learners and knowledge structure (e.g., the prerequisite relations) of learning items is important for learning path recommendation, existing methods for adaptive learning often separately focus on either knowledge levels of learners or knowledge structure of learning items. To fully exploit the multifaceted cognitive structure for learning path recommendation, we propose a Cognitive Structure Enhanced framework for Adaptive Learning, named CSEAL. By viewing path recommendation as a Markov Decision Process and applying an actor-critic algorithm, CSEAL can sequentially identify the right learning items to different learners. Specifically, we first utilize a recurrent neural network to trace the evolving knowledge levels of learners at each learning step. Then, we design a navigation algorithm on the knowledge structure to ensure the logicality of learning paths, which reduces the search space in the decision process. Finally, the actor-critic algorithm is used to determine what to learn next and whose parameters are dynamically updated along the learning path. Extensive experiments on real-world data demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of CSEAL.	Exploiting Cognitive Structure for Adaptive Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qingyun Wu:Zhige Li:Huazheng Wang:Wei Chen:Hongning Wang	In this paper, we study the problem of online influence maximization in social networks. In this problem, a learner aims to identify the set of "best influencers" in a network by interacting with the network, i.e., repeatedly selecting seed nodes and observing activation feedback in the network. We capitalize on an important property of the influence maximization problem named network assortativity, which is ignored by most existing works in online influence maximization. To realize network assortativity, we factorize the activation probability on the edges into latent factors on the corresponding nodes, including influence factor on the giving nodes and susceptibility factor on the receiving nodes. We propose an upper confidence bound based online learning solution to estimate the latent factors, and therefore the activation probabilities. Considerable regret reduction is achieved by our factorization based online influence maximization algorithm. Extensive empirical evaluations on two real-world networks showed the effectiveness of our proposed solution.	Factorization Bandits for Online Influence Maximization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Minji Yoon:Bryan Hooi:Kijung Shin:Christos Faloutsos	Given a dynamic graph stream, how can we detect the sudden appearance of anomalous patterns, such as link spam, follower boosting, or denial of service attacks? Additionally, can we categorize the types of anomalies that occur in practice, and theoretically analyze the anomalous signs arising from each type? In this work, we propose AnomRank, an online algorithm for anomaly detection in dynamic graphs. AnomRank uses a two-pronged approach defining two novel metrics for anomalousness. Each metric tracks the derivatives of its own version of a 'node score' (or node importance) function. This allows us to detect sudden changes in the importance of any node. We show theoretically and experimentally that the two-pronged approach successfully detects two common types of anomalies: sudden weight changes along an edge, and sudden structural changes to the graph. AnomRank is (a) Fast and Accurate: up to 49.5x faster or 35% more accurate than state-of-the-art methods, (b) Scalable: linear in the number of edges in the input graph, processing millions of edges within 2 seconds on a stock laptop/desktop, and (c) Theoretically Sound: providing theoretical guarantees of the two-pronged approach.	Fast and Accurate Anomaly Detection in Dynamic Graphs with a Two-Pronged Approach	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chi Wang:Bailu Ding	Empirical entropy refers to the information entropy calculated from the empirical distribution of a dataset. It is a widely used aggregation function for knowledge discovery, as well as the foundation of other aggregation functions such as mutual information. However, computing the exact empirical entropy on a large-scale dataset can be expensive. Using a random subsample, we can compute an approximation of the empirical entropy efficiently. We derive probabilistic error bounds for the approximation, where the error bounds reduce in a near square root rate with respect to the subsample size. We further study two applications which can benefit from the error-bounded approximation: feature ranking and filtering based on mutual information. We develop algorithms to progressively subsample the dataset and return correct answers with high probability. The sample complexity of the algorithms is independent of data size. The empirical evaluation of our algorithms on large-scale real-world datasets demonstrates up to three orders of magnitude speedup over exact methods with \errrate\ error.	Fast Approximation of Empirical Entropy via Subsampling	NA:NA	2018
Haoyang Li:Peng Cui:Chengxi Zang:Tianyang Zhang:Wenwu Zhu:Yishi Lin	A social network is an ecosystem, and one of its ultimate goals is to maintain itself sustainable, namely keeping users generating information and being informed. However, the reasons why some social ecosystems can keep self-sustaining and others end up with non-active or dead states are largely unknown. In this paper, rather than studying social ecosystems at the population level, we analyze the fates of different microscopic social ecosystems, namely the final states of their collective activity dynamics in a real-world online social media with detailed individual level records for the first time. We find huge complexities in microscopic social ecosystems, including complex species types, complex individual interaction networks, and complex dynamics and final states. In order to capture the observed complexities in the real-world data, we propose a microscopic ecological model, which is able to capture the complex fates of heterogeneous microscopic social ecosystems accurately in both synthetic and empirical datasets. Furthermore, we analyze the driven factors of the fates of microscopic social ecosystems, including interaction networks of individuals and dynamical interaction mechanisms of species, leading to the control of microscopic social ecosystems, that is the ability to influence the temporal behaviours and their final states towards active or dead fates.	Fates of Microscopic Social Ecosystems: Keep Alive or Dead?	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Victor Amelkin:Ambuj K. Singh	The process of opinion formation is inherently a network process, with user opinions in a social network being driven to a certain average opinion. One simple and intuitive incarnation of this opinion attractor is the average of user opinions weighted by the users' eigenvector centralities. This value is a lucrative target for control, as altering it essentially changes the mass opinion in the network. Since any potentially malicious influence upon the opinion distribution in a society is undesirable, it is important to design methods to prevent external attacks upon it. In this work, we assume that the adversary aims to maliciously change the network's average opinion by altering the opinions of some unknown users. We, then, state an NP-hard problem of disabling such opinion control attempts via strategically altering the network's users' eigencentralities by recommending a limited number of links to the users. Relying on Markov chain theory, we provide perturbation analysis that shows how eigencentrality and, hence, our problem's objective change in response to a link's addition to the network. The latter leads to the design of a pseudo-linear-time heuristic, relying on efficient estimation of mean first passage times in Markov chains. We have confirmed our theoretical and algorithmic findings, and studied effectiveness and efficiency of our heuristic in experiments with synthetic and real networks.	Fighting Opinion Control in Social Networks via Link Recommendation	NA:NA	2018
Nikita Klyuchnikov:Davide Mottin:Georgia Koutrika:Emmanuel MÃ¼ller:Panagiotis Karras	Can a system discover what a user wants without the user explicitly issuing a query? A recommender system proposes items of potential interest based on past user history. On the other hand, active search incites, and learns from, user feedback, in order to recommend items that meet a user's current tacit interests, hence promises to offer up-to-date recommendations going beyond those of a recommender system. Yet extant active search methods require an overwhelming amount of user input, relying solely on such input for each item they pick. In this paper, we propose MF-ASC, a novel active search mechanism that performs well with minimal user input. MF-ASC combines cheap, low-fidelity evaluations in the style of a recommender system with the user's high-fidelity input, using Gaussian process regression with multiple target variables (cokriging). To our knowledge, this is the first application of cokriging to active search. Our empirical study with synthetic and real-world data shows that MF-ASC outperforms the state of the art in terms of result relevance within a budget of interactions.	Figuring out the User in a Few Steps: Bayesian Multifidelity Active Search with Cokriging	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Zou:Kun Kuang:Boqi Chen:Peixuan Chen:Peng Cui	Precisely evaluating the effect of new policies (e.g. ad-placement models, recommendation functions, ranking functions) is one of the most important problems for improving interactive systems. The conventional policy evaluation methods rely on online A/B tests, but they are usually extremely expensive and may have undesirable impacts. Recently, Inverse Propensity Score (IPS) estimators are proposed as alternatives to evaluate the effect of new policy with offline logged data that was collected from a different policy in the past. They tend to remove the distribution shift induced by past policy. However, they ignore the distribution shift that would be induced by the new policy, which results in imprecise evaluation. Moreover, their performances rely on accurate estimation of propensity score, which can not be guaranteed or validated in practice. In this paper, we propose a non-parametric method, named Focused Context Balancing (FCB) algorithm, to learn sample weights for context balancing, so that the distribution shift induced by the past policy and new policy can be eliminated respectively. To validate the effectiveness of our FCB algorithm, we conduct extensive experiments on both synthetic and real world datasets. The experimental results clearly demonstrate that our FCB algorithm outperforms existing estimators by achieving more precise and robust results for offline policy evaluation.	Focused Context Balancing for Robust Offline Policy Evaluation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Peng Han:Peng Yang:Peilin Zhao:Shuo Shang:Yong Liu:Jiayu Zhou:Xin Gao:Panos Kalnis	Discovering disease-gene association is a fundamental and critical biomedical task, which assists biologists and physicians to discover pathogenic mechanism of syndromes. With various clinical biomarkers measuring the similarities among genes and disease phenotypes, network-based semi-supervised learning (NSSL) has been commonly utilized by these studies to address this class-imbalanced large-scale data issue. However, most existing NSSL approaches are based on linear models and suffer from two major limitations: 1) They implicitly consider a local-structure representation for each candidate; 2) They are unable to capture nonlinear associations between diseases and genes. In this paper, we propose a new framework for disease-gene association task by combining Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) and matrix factorization, named GCN-MF. With the help of GCN, we could capture non-linear interactions and exploit measured similarities. Moreover, we define a margin control loss function to reduce the effect of sparsity. Empirical results demonstrate that the proposed deep learning algorithm outperforms all other state-of-the-art methods on most of metrics.	GCN-MF: Disease-Gene Association Identification By Graph Convolutional Networks and Matrix Factorization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nicholas Monath:Manzil Zaheer:Daniel Silva:Andrew McCallum:Amr Ahmed	Hierarchical clustering is typically performed using algorithmic-based optimization searching over the discrete space of trees. While these optimization methods are often effective, their discreteness restricts them from many of the benefits of their continuous counterparts, such as scalable stochastic optimization and the joint optimization of multiple objectives or components of a model (e.g. end-to-end training). In this paper, we present an approach for hierarchical clustering that searches over continuous representations of trees in hyperbolic space by running gradient descent. We compactly represent uncertainty over tree structures with vectors in the Poincare ball. We show how the vectors can be optimized using an objective related to recently proposed cost functions for hierarchical clustering (Dasgupta, 2016; Wang and Wang, 2018). Using our method with a mini-batch stochastic gradient descent inference procedure, we are able to outperform prior work on clustering millions of ImageNet images by 15 points of dendrogram purity. Further, our continuous tree representation can be jointly optimized in multi-task learning applications offering a 9 point improvement over baseline methods.	Gradient-based Hierarchical Clustering using Continuous Representations of Trees in Hyperbolic Space	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yao Ma:Suhang Wang:Charu C. Aggarwal:Jiliang Tang	Graph neural networks, which generalize deep neural network models to graph structured data, have attracted increasing attention in recent years. They usually learn node representations by transforming, propagating and aggregating node features and have been proven to improve the performance of many graph related tasks such as node classification and link prediction. To apply graph neural networks for the graph classification task, approaches to generate thegraph representation from node representations are demanded. A common way is to globally combine the node representations. However, rich structural information is overlooked. Thus a hierarchical pooling procedure is desired to preserve the graph structure during the graph representation learning. There are some recent works on hierarchically learning graph representation analogous to the pooling step in conventional convolutional neural (CNN) networks. However, the local structural information is still largely neglected during the pooling process. In this paper, we introduce a pooling operator $\pooling$ based on graph Fourier transform, which can utilize the node features and local structures during the pooling process. We then design pooling layers based on the pooling operator, which are further combined with traditional GCN convolutional layers to form a graph neural network framework $\m$ for graph classification. Theoretical analysis is provided to understand $\pooling$ from both local and global perspectives. Experimental results of the graph classification task on $6$ commonly used benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework.	Graph Convolutional Networks with EigenPooling	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiao Huang:Qingquan Song:Yuening Li:Xia Hu	Random walks are widely adopted in various network analysis tasks ranging from network embedding to label propagation. It could capture and convert geometric structures into structured sequences while alleviating the issues of sparsity and curse of dimensionality. Though random walks on plain networks have been intensively studied, in real-world systems, nodes are often not pure vertices, but own different characteristics, described by the rich set of data associated with them. These node attributes contain plentiful information that often complements the network, and bring opportunities to the random-walk-based analysis. However, it is unclear how random walks could be developed for attributed networks towards an effective joint information extraction. Node attributes make the node interactions more complicated and are heterogeneous with respect to topological structures. To bridge the gap, we explore to perform joint random walks on attributed networks, and utilize them to boost the deep node representation learning. The proposed framework GraphRNA consists of two major components, i.e., a collaborative walking mechanism - AttriWalk, and a tailored deep embedding architecture for random walks, named graph recurrent networks (GRN). AttriWalk considers node attributes as a bipartite network and uses it to propel the walking more diverse and mitigate the tendency of converging to nodes with high centralities. AttriWalk enables us to advance the prominent deep network embedding model, graph convolutional networks, towards a more effective architecture - GRN. GRN empowers node representations to interact in the same way as nodes interact in the original attributed network. Experimental results on real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of GraphRNA compared with the state-of-the-art embedding algorithms.	Graph Recurrent Networks With Attributed Random Walks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongyang Gao:Shuiwang Ji	Attention operators have been widely applied in various fields, including computer vision, natural language processing, and network embedding learning. Attention operators on graph data enables learnable weights when aggregating information from neighboring nodes. However, graph attention operators (GAOs) consume excessive computational resources, preventing their applications on large graphs. In addition, GAOs belong to the family of soft attention, instead of hard attention, which has been shown to yield better performance. In this work, we propose novel hard graph attention operator~(hGAO) and channel-wise graph attention operator~(cGAO). hGAO uses the hard attention mechanism by attending to only important nodes. Compared to GAO, hGAO improves performance and saves computational cost by only attending to important nodes. To further reduce the requirements on computational resources, we propose the cGAO that performs attention operations along channels. cGAO avoids the dependency on the adjacency matrix, leading to dramatic reductions in computational resource requirements. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed deep models with the new operators achieve consistently better performance. Comparison results also indicates that hGAO achieves significantly better performance than GAO on both node and graph embedding tasks. Efficiency comparison shows that our cGAO leads to dramatic savings in computational resources, making them applicable to large graphs.	Graph Representation Learning via Hard and Channel-Wise Attention Networks	NA:NA	2018
Kien Do:Truyen Tran:Svetha Venkatesh	We address a fundamental problem in chemistry known as chemical reaction product prediction. Our main insight is that the input reactant and reagent molecules can be jointly represented as a graph, and the process of generating product molecules from reactant molecules can be formulated as a sequence of graph transformations. To this end, we propose Graph Transformation Policy Network (GTPN) - a novel generic method that combines the strengths of graph neural networks and reinforcement learning to learn reactions directly from data with minimal chemical knowledge. Compared to previous methods, GTPN has some appealing properties such as: end-to-end learning, and making no assumption about the length or the order of graph transformations. In order to guide model search through the complex discrete space of sets of bond changes effectively, we extend the standard policy gradient loss by adding useful constraints. Evaluation results show that GTPN improves the top-1 accuracy over the current state-of-the-art method by about 3% on the large USPTO dataset.	Graph Transformation Policy Network for Chemical Reaction Prediction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Junteng Jia:Michael T. Schaub:Santiago Segarra:Austin R. Benson	We present a graph-based semi-supervised learning (SSL) method for learning edge flows defined on a graph. Specifically, given flow measurements on a subset of edges, we want to predict the flows on the remaining edges. To this end, we develop a computational framework that imposes certain constraints on the overall flows, such as (approximate) flow conservation. These constraints render our approach different from classical graph-based SSL for vertex labels, which posits that tightly connected nodes share similar labels and leverages the graph structure accordingly to extrapolate from a few vertex labels to the unlabeled vertices. We derive bounds for our method's reconstruction error and demonstrate its strong performance on synthetic and real-world flow networks from transportation, physical infrastructure, and the Web. Furthermore, we provide two active learning algorithms for selecting informative edges on which to measure flow, which has applications for optimal sensor deployment. The first strategy selects edges to minimize the reconstruction error bound and works well on flows that are approximately divergence-free. The second approach clusters the graph and selects bottleneck edges that cross cluster-boundaries, which works well on flows with global trends.	Graph-based Semi-Supervised & Active Learning for Edge Flows	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yujun Yan:Jiong Zhu:Marlena Duda:Eric Solarz:Chandra Sripada:Danai Koutra	Mapping the human brain, or understanding how certain brain regions relate to specific aspects of cognition, has been and remains an active area of neuroscience research. Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) data---in the form of images, time series or graphs---are central in this research, but pose many challenges in phenotype prediction tasks (e.g., noisy, small training samples). Standardly employed handcrafted models and newly proposed neural network methods pose limitations in the expressive power and interpretability, respectively, in this context. In this work focusing on fMRI-derived brain graphs, a modality that partially handles some challenges of fMRI data, we propose a grouping-based interpretable neural network model, GroupINN, that effectively classifies cognitive performance with 85% fewer model parameters than baseline deep models, while also identifying the most predictive brain subnetworks within several task-specific contexts. Our method incorporates the idea of node grouping into the design of the neural network. That way, unlike other methods that employ clustering as a preprocessing step to reorder nodes, GroupINN learns the node grouping and extracts graph features jointly. Experiments on task-based fMRI datasets show that our method is $2.6-69\times$ faster than other deep models, while achieving comparable or better accuracy and providing interpretability.	GroupINN: Grouping-based Interpretable Neural Network for Classification of Limited, Noisy Brain Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Changping Meng:Jiasen Yang:Bruno Ribeiro:Jennifer Neville	In many complex domains, the input data are often not suited for the typical vector representations used in deep learning models. For example, in relational learning and computer vision tasks, the data are often better represented as sets (e.g., the neighborhood of a node, a cloud of points). In these cases, a key challenge is to learn an embedding function that is invariant to permutations of the input. While there has been some recent work on principled methods for learning permutation-invariant representations of sets, these approaches are limited in their applicability to set-of-sets (SoS) tasks, such as subgraph prediction and scene classification. In this work, we develop a deep neural network framework to learn inductive SoS embeddings that are invariant to SoS permutations. Specifically, we propose HATS, a hierarchical sequence model with attention mechanisms for inductive set-of-sets embeddings. We develop stochastic optimization and inference methods for learning HATS, and our experiments demonstrate that HATS achieves superior performance across a wide range of set-of-sets tasks.	HATS: A Hierarchical Sequence-Attention Framework for Inductive Set-of-Sets Embeddings	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chuxu Zhang:Dongjin Song:Chao Huang:Ananthram Swami:Nitesh V. Chawla	Representation learning in heterogeneous graphs aims to pursue a meaningful vector representation for each node so as to facilitate downstream applications such as link prediction, personalized recommendation, node classification, etc. This task, however, is challenging not only because of the demand to incorporate heterogeneous structural (graph) information consisting of multiple types of nodes and edges, but also due to the need for considering heterogeneous attributes or contents (e.g., text or image) associated with each node. Despite a substantial amount of effort has been made to homogeneous (or heterogeneous) graph embedding, attributed graph embedding as well as graph neural networks, few of them can jointly consider heterogeneous structural (graph) information as well as heterogeneous contents information of each node effectively. In this paper, we propose HetGNN, a heterogeneous graph neural network model, to resolve this issue. Specifically, we first introduce a random walk with restart strategy to sample a fixed size of strongly correlated heterogeneous neighbors for each node and group them based upon node types. Next, we design a neural network architecture with two modules to aggregate feature information of those sampled neighboring nodes. The first module encodes "deep" feature interactions of heterogeneous contents and generates content embedding for each node. The second module aggregates content (attribute) embeddings of different neighboring groups (types) and further combines them by considering the impacts of different groups to obtain the ultimate node embedding. Finally, we leverage a graph context loss and a mini-batch gradient descent procedure to train the model in an end-to-end manner. Extensive experiments on several datasets demonstrate that HetGNN can outperform state-of-the-art baselines in various graph mining tasks, i.e., link prediction, recommendation, node classification & clustering and inductive node classification & clustering.	Heterogeneous Graph Neural Network	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhe Jiang:Arpan Man Sainju	Spatial structured models are predictive models that capture dependency structure between samples based on their locations in the space. Learning such models plays an important role in many geoscience applications such as water surface mapping, but it also poses significant challenges due to implicit dependency structure in continuous space and high computational costs. Existing models often assume that the dependency structure is based on either spatial proximity or network topology, and thus cannot incorporate complex dependency structure such as contour and flow direction on a 3D potential surface. To fill the gap, this paper proposes a novel spatial structured model called hidden Markov contour tree (HMCT), which generalizes the traditional hidden Markov model from a total order sequence to a partial order polytree. HMCT also advances existing work on hidden Markov trees through capturing complex contour structures on a 3D surface. We propose efficient model construction and learning algorithms. Evaluations on real world hydrological datasets show that our HMCT outperforms multiple baseline methods in classification performance and that HMCT is scalable to large data sizes (e.g., classifying millions of samples in seconds).	Hidden Markov Contour Tree: A Spatial Structured Model for Hydrological Applications	NA:NA	2018
Yue Cui:Liwei Deng:Yan Zhao:Bin Yao:Vincent W. Zheng:Kai Zheng	Exploring Hidden Points of Interest (H-POIs), which are rarely referred in online search and recommendation systems due to insufficient check-in records, benefits business and individuals. In this work, we investigate how to eliminate the hidden feature of H-POIs by enhancing conventional crowdsourced ranking aggregation framework with heterogeneous (i.e., H-POI and Popular Point of Interest (P-POI)) pairwise tasks. We propose a two-phase solution focusing on both effectiveness and efficiency. In offline phase, we substantially narrow down the search space by retrieving a set of geo-textual valid heterogeneous pairs as the initial candidates and develop two practical data-driven strategies to compute worker qualities. In the online phase, we minimize the cost of assessment by introducing an active learning algorithm to jointly select pairs and workers with worker quality, uncertainty of P-POI rankings and uncertainty of the model taken into account. In addition, a (Minimum Spanning) Tree-constrained Skip search strategy is proposed for the purpose of reducing search time cost. Empirical experiments based on real POI datasets verify that the ranking accuracy of H-POIs can be greatly improved with small number of query iterations.	Hidden POI Ranking with Spatial Crowdsourcing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chen Ma:Peng Kang:Xue Liu	The chronological order of user-item interactions is a key feature in many recommender systems, where the items that users will interact may largely depend on those items that users just accessed recently. However, with the tremendous increase of users and items, sequential recommender systems still face several challenging problems: (1) the hardness of modeling the long-term user interests from sparse implicit feedback; (2) the difficulty of capturing the short-term user interests given several items the user just accessed. To cope with these challenges, we propose a hierarchical gating network (HGN), integrated with the Bayesian Personalized Ranking (BPR) to capture both the long-term and short-term user interests. Our HGN consists of a feature gating module, an instance gating module, and an item-item product module. In particular, our feature gating and instance gating modules select what item features can be passed to the downstream layers from the feature and instance levels, respectively. Our item-item product module explicitly captures the item relations between the items that users accessed in the past and those items users will access in the future. We extensively evaluate our model with several state-of-the-art methods and different validation metrics on five real-world datasets. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our model on Top-N sequential recommendation.	Hierarchical Gating Networks for Sequential Recommendation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongliang Fei:Shulong Tan:Ping Li	Automatic synonym recognition is of great importance for entity-centric text mining and interpretation. Due to the high language use variability in real-life, manual construction of semantic resources to cover all synonyms is prohibitively expensive and may also result in limited coverage. Although there are public knowledge bases, they only have limited coverage for languages other than English. In this paper, we focus on medical domain and propose an automatic way to accelerate the process of medical synonymy resource development for Chinese, including both formal entities from healthcare professionals and noisy descriptions from end-users. Motivated by the success of distributed word representations, we design a multi-task model with hierarchical task relationship to learn more representative entity/term embeddings and apply them to synonym prediction. In our model, we extend the classical skip-gram word embedding model by introducing an auxiliary task "neighboring word semantic type prediction'' and hierarchically organize them based on the task complexity. Meanwhile, we incorporate existing medical term-term synonymous knowledge into our word embedding learning framework. We demonstrate that the embeddings trained from our proposed multi-task model yield significant improvement for entity semantic relatedness evaluation, neighboring word semantic type prediction and synonym prediction compared with baselines. Furthermore, we create a large medical text corpus in Chinese that includes annotations for entities, descriptions and synonymous pairs for future research in this direction.	Hierarchical Multi-Task Word Embedding Learning for Synonym Prediction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kishlay Jha:Guangxu Xun:Yaqing Wang:Aidong Zhang	Hypothesis generation (HG) refers to the task of mining meaningful implicit association between unlinked biomedical concepts. The majority of prior studies have focused on uncovering these implicit linkages from static snapshots of the corpus, thereby largely ignoring the temporal dynamics of medical concepts. More recently, a few initial studies attempted to overcome this issue by modelling the temporal change of concepts from natural language text. However, they still fail to leverage the evolutionary features of concepts from contemporary knowledge-bases (KB's) such as semantic lexicons and ontologies. In practice such KB's contain up-to-date information that is important to incorporate, especially, in highly evolving domains such as biomedicine. Furthermore, considering the complementary strength of these sources of information - corpus and ontology - a few natural questions arise: Can joint modelling of (co)-evolutionary dynamics from these resources aid in encoding the temporal features at a granular level? Can the mutual evolution between these intertwined resources lead to better predictive effects? To answer these questions, in this study, we present a novel HG framework that unearths the latent associations between concepts by modeling their co-evolution across complementary sources of information. More specifically, the proposed approach adopts a shared temporal matrix factorization framework that models the co-evolution of concepts across both corpus and KB. Extensive experiments on the largest available biomedical corpus validates the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Hypothesis Generation From Text Based On Co-Evolution Of Biomedical Concepts	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alexander Marx:Jilles Vreeken	We consider the problem of telling apart cause from effect between two univariate continuous-valued random variables X and Y. In general, it is impossible to make definite statements about causality without making assumptions on the underlying model; one of the most important aspects of causal inference is hence to determine under which assumptions are we able to do so. In this paper we show under which general conditions we can identify cause from effect by simply choosing the direction with the best regression score. We define a general framework of identifiable regression-based scoring functions, and show how to instantiate it in practice using regression splines. Compared to existing methods that either give strong guarantees, but are hardly applicable in practice, or provide no guarantees, but do work well in practice, our instantiation combines the best of both worlds; it gives guarantees, while empirical evaluation on synthetic and real-world data shows that it performs at least as well as the state of the art.	Identifiability of Cause and Effect using Regularized Regression	NA:NA	2018
Yunzhe Jia:James Bailey:Kotagiri Ramamohanarao:Christopher Leckie:Michael E. Houle	Classifier explanations have been identified as a crucial component of knowledge discovery. Local explanations evaluate the behavior of a classifier in the vicinity of a given instance. A key step in this approach is to generate synthetic neighbors of the given instance. This neighbor generation process is challenging and it has considerable impact on the quality of explanations. To assess quality of generated neighborhoods, we propose a local intrinsic dimensionality (LID) based locality constraint. Based on this, we then propose a new neighborhood generation method. Our method first fits a local embedding/subspace around a given instance using the LID of the test instance as the target dimensionality, then generates neighbors in the local embedding and projects them back to the original space. Experimental results show that our method generates more realistic neighborhoods and consequently better explanations. It can be used in combination with existing local explanation algorithms.	Improving the Quality of Explanations with Local Embedding Perturbations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Weiyu Cheng:Yanyan Shen:Linpeng Huang:Yanmin Zhu	Latent factor models (LFMs) such as matrix factorization have achieved the state-of-the-art performance among various collaborative filtering approaches for recommendation. Despite the high recommendation accuracy of LFMs, a critical issue to be resolved is their lack of interpretability. Extensive efforts have been devoted to interpreting the prediction results of LFMs. However, they either rely on auxiliary information which may not be available in practice, or sacrifice recommendation accuracy for interpretability. Influence functions, stemming from robust statistics, have been developed to understand the effect of training points on the predictions of black-box models. Inspired by this, we propose a novel explanation method named FIA (Fast Influence Analysis) to understand the prediction of trained LFMs by tracing back to the training data with influence functions. We present how to employ influence functions to measure the impact of historical user-item interactions on the prediction results of LFMs and provide intuitive neighbor-style explanations based on the most influential interactions. Our proposed FIA exploits the characteristics of two important LFMs, matrix factorization and neural collaborative filtering, and is capable of accelerating the overall influence analysis process. We provide a detailed complexity analysis for FIA over LFMs and conduct extensive experiments to evaluate its performance using real-world datasets. The results demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of FIA, and the usefulness of the generated explanations for the recommendation results.	Incorporating Interpretability into Latent Factor Models via Fast Influence Analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhige Li:Derek Yang:Li Zhao:Jiang Bian:Tao Qin:Tie-Yan Liu	As one of the most important investing approaches, technical analysis attempts to forecast stock movement by interpreting the inner rules from historic price and volume data. To address the vital noisy nature of financial market, generic technical analysis develops technical trading indicators, as mathematical summarization of historic price and volume data, to form up the foundation for robust and profitable investment strategies. However, an observation reveals that stocks with different properties have different affinities over technical indicators, which discloses a big challenge for the indicator-oriented stock selection and investment. To address this problem, in this paper, we design a Technical Trading Indicator Optimization(TTIO) framework that manages to optimize the original technical indicator by leveraging stock-wise properties. To obtain effective representations of stock properties, we propose a Skip-gram architecture to learn stock embedding inspired by a valuable knowledge repository formed by fund manager's collective investment behaviors. Based on the learned stock representations, TTIO further learns a re-scaling network to optimize the indicator's performance. Extensive experiments on real-world stock market data demonstrate that our method can obtain the very stock representations that are invaluable for technical indicator optimization since the optimized indicators can result in strong investing signals than original ones.	Individualized Indicator for All: Stock-wise Technical Indicator Optimization with Stock Embedding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yao Ming:Panpan Xu:Huamin Qu:Liu Ren	One of the major challenges in machine learning nowadays is to provide predictions with not only high accuracy but also user-friendly explanations. Although in recent years we have witnessed increasingly popular use of deep neural networks for sequence modeling, it is still challenging to explain the rationales behind the model outputs, which is essential for building trust and supporting the domain experts to validate, critique and refine the model. We propose ProSeNet, an interpretable and steerable deep sequence model with natural explanations derived from case-based reasoning. The prediction is obtained by comparing the inputs to a few prototypes, which are exemplar cases in the problem domain. For better interpretability, we define several criteria for constructing the prototypes, including simplicity, diversity, and sparsity and propose the learning objective and the optimization procedure. ProSeNet also provides a user-friendly approach to model steering: domain experts without any knowledge on the underlying model or parameters can easily incorporate their intuition and experience by manually refining the prototypes. We conduct experiments on a wide range of real-world applications, including predictive diagnostics for automobiles, ECG, and protein sequence classification and sentiment analysis on texts. The result shows that ProSeNet can achieve accuracy on par with state-of-the-art deep learning models. We also evaluate the interpretability of the results with concrete case studies. Finally, through user study on Amazon Mechanical Turk (MTurk), we demonstrate that the model selects high-quality prototypes which align well with human knowledge and can be interactively refined for better interpretability without loss of performance.	Interpretable and Steerable Sequence Learning via Prototypes	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rui Yan:Ran Le:Yang Song:Tao Zhang:Xiangliang Zhang:Dongyan Zhao	Online recruitment services are now rapidly changing the landscape of hiring traditions on the job market. There are hundreds of millions of registered users with resumes, and tens of millions of job postings available on the Web. Learning good job-resume matching for recruitment services is important. Existing studies on job-resume matching generally focus on learning good representations of job descriptions and resume texts with comprehensive matching structures. We assume that it would bring benefits to learn the preference of both recruiters and job-seekers from previous interview histories and expect such preference is helpful to improve job-resume matching. To this end, in this paper, we propose a novel matching network with preference modeled. The key idea is to explore the latent preference given the history of all interviewed candidates for a job posting and the history of all job applications for a particular talent. To be more specific, we propose a profiling memory module to learn the latent preference representation by interacting with both the job and resume sides. We then incorporate the preference into the matching framework as an end-to-end learnable neural network. Based on the real-world data from an online recruitment platform namely "Boss Zhipin", the experimental results show that the proposed model could improve the job-resume matching performance against a series of state-of-the-art methods. In this way, we demonstrate that recruiters and talents indeed have preference and such preference can improve job-resume matching on the job market.	Interview Choice Reveals Your Preference on the Market: To Improve Job-Resume Matching through Profiling Memories	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mengyang Liu:Jiaxin Mao:Yiqun Liu:Min Zhang:Shaoping Ma	NA	Investigating Cognitive Effects in Session-level Search User Satisfaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ninghao Liu:Qiaoyu Tan:Yuening Li:Hongxia Yang:Jingren Zhou:Xia Hu	Networks have been widely used as the data structure for abstracting real-world systems as well as organizing the relations among entities. Network embedding models are powerful tools in mapping nodes in a network into continuous vector-space representations in order to facilitate subsequent tasks such as classification and link prediction. Existing network embedding models comprehensively integrate all information of each node, such as links and attributes, towards a single embedding vector to represent the node's general role in the network. However, a real-world entity could be multifaceted, where it connects to different neighborhoods due to different motives or self-characteristics that are not necessarily correlated. For example, in a movie recommender system, a user may love comedies or horror movies simultaneously, but it is not likely that these two types of movies are mutually close in the embedding space, nor the user embedding vector could be sufficiently close to them at the same time. In this paper, we propose a polysemous embedding approach for modeling multiple facets of nodes, as motivated by the phenomenon of word polysemy in language modeling. Each facet of a node is mapped to an embedding vector, while we also maintain an association degree between each pair of node and facet. The proposed method is adaptive to various existing embedding models, without significantly complicating the optimization process. We also discuss how to engage embedding vectors of different facets for inference tasks including classification and link prediction. Experiments on real-world datasets help comprehensively evaluate the performance of the proposed method.	Is a Single Vector Enough?: Exploring Node Polysemy for Network Embedding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bi-Cun Xu:Kai Ming Ting:Zhi-Hua Zhou	Set-level problems are as important as instance-level problems. The core in solving set-level problems is: how to measure the similarity between two sets. This paper investigates data-dependent kernels that are derived directly from data. We introduce Isolation Set-Kernel which is solely dependent on data distribution, requiring neither class information nor explicit learning. In contrast, most current set-similarities are not dependent on the underlying data distribution. We theoretically analyze the characteristic of Isolation Set-Kernel. As the set-kernel has a finite feature map, we show that it can be used to speed up the set-kernel computation significantly. We apply Isolation Set-Kernel to Multi-Instance Learning (MIL) using SVM classifier, and demonstrate that it outperforms other set-kernels or other solutions to the MIL problem.	Isolation Set-Kernel and Its Application to Multi-Instance Learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiang Wang:Xiangnan He:Yixin Cao:Meng Liu:Tat-Seng Chua	To provide more accurate, diverse, and explainable recommendation, it is compulsory to go beyond modeling user-item interactions and take side information into account. Traditional methods like factorization machine (FM) cast it as a supervised learning problem, which assumes each interaction as an independent instance with side information encoded. Due to the overlook of the relations among instances or items (e.g., the director of a movie is also an actor of another movie), these methods are insufficient to distill the collaborative signal from the collective behaviors of users. In this work, we investigate the utility of knowledge graph (KG), which breaks down the independent interaction assumption by linking items with their attributes. We argue that in such a hybrid structure of KG and user-item graph, high-order relations --- which connect two items with one or multiple linked attributes --- are an essential factor for successful recommendation. We propose a new method named Knowledge Graph Attention Network (KGAT) which explicitly models the high-order connectivities in KG in an end-to-end fashion. It recursively propagates the embeddings from a node's neighbors (which can be users, items, or attributes) to refine the node's embedding, and employs an attention mechanism to discriminate the importance of the neighbors. Our KGAT is conceptually advantageous to existing KG-based recommendation methods, which either exploit high-order relations by extracting paths or implicitly modeling them with regularization. Empirical results on three public benchmarks show that KGAT significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods like Neural FM and RippleNet. Further studies verify the efficacy of embedding propagation for high-order relation modeling and the interpretability benefits brought by the attention mechanism. We release the codes and datasets at https://github.com/xiangwang1223/knowledge_graph_attention_network.	KGAT: Knowledge Graph Attention Network for Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Feiping Nie:Cheng-Long Wang:Xuelong Li	In this paper, we make an extension of K-means for the clustering of multiple means. The popular K-means clustering uses only one center to model each class of data. However, the assumption on the shape of the clusters prohibits it to capture the non-convex patterns. Moreover, many categories consist of multiple subclasses which obviously cannot be represented by a single prototype. We propose a K-Multiple-Means (KMM) method to group the data points with multiple sub-cluster means into specified k clusters. Unlike the methods which use the agglomerative strategies, the proposed method formalizes the multiple-means clustering problem as an optimization problem and updates the partitions of m sub-cluster means and k clusters by an alternating optimization strategy. Notably, the partition of the original data with multiple-means representation is modeled as a bipartite graph partitioning problem with the constrained Laplacian rank. We also show the theoretical analysis of the connection between our method and the K-means clustering. Meanwhile, KMM is linear scaled with respect to n. Experimental results on several synthetic and well-known real-world data sets are conducted to show the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.	K-Multiple-Means: A Multiple-Means Clustering Method with Specified K Clusters	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongwei Wang:Fuzheng Zhang:Mengdi Zhang:Jure Leskovec:Miao Zhao:Wenjie Li:Zhongyuan Wang	Knowledge graphs capture structured information and relations between a set of entities or items. As such knowledge graphs represent an attractive source of information that could help improve recommender systems. However, existing approaches in this domain rely on manual feature engineering and do not allow for an end-to-end training. Here we propose Knowledge-aware Graph Neural Networks with Label Smoothness regularization (KGNN-LS) to provide better recommendations. Conceptually, our approach computes user-specific item embeddings by first applying a trainable function that identifies important knowledge graph relationships for a given user. This way we transform the knowledge graph into a user-specific weighted graph and then apply a graph neural network to compute personalized item embeddings. To provide better inductive bias, we rely on label smoothness assumption, which posits that adjacent items in the knowledge graph are likely to have similar user relevance labels/scores. Label smoothness provides regularization over the edge weights and we prove that it is equivalent to a label propagation scheme on a graph. We also develop an efficient implementation that shows strong scalability with respect to the knowledge graph size. Experiments on four datasets show that our method outperforms state of the art baselines. KGNN-LS also achieves strong performance in cold-start scenarios where user-item interactions are sparse.	Knowledge-aware Graph Neural Networks with Label Smoothness Regularization for Recommender Systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yihong Chen:Bei Chen:Xiangnan He:Chen Gao:Yong Li:Jian-Guang Lou:Yue Wang	Recommendation models mainly deal with categorical variables, such as user/item ID and attributes. Besides the high-cardinality issue, the interactions among such categorical variables are usually long-tailed, with the head made up of highly frequent values and a long tail of rare ones. This phenomenon results in the data sparsity issue, making it essential to regularize the models to ensure generalization. The common practice is to employ grid search to manually tune regularization hyperparameters based on the validation data. However, it requires non-trivial efforts and large computation resources to search the whole candidate space; even so, it may not lead to the optimal choice, for which different parameters should have different regularization strengths. In this paper, we propose a hyperparameter optimization method, lambdaOpt, which automatically and adaptively enforces regularization during training. Specifically, it updates the regularization coefficients based on the performance of validation data. With lambdaOpt, the notorious tuning of regularization hyperparameters can be avoided; more importantly, it allows fine-grained regularization (i.e. each parameter can have an individualized regularization coefficient), leading to better generalized models. We show how to employ lambdaOpt on matrix factorization, a classical model that is representative of a large family of recommender models. Extensive experiments on two public benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of our method in boosting the performance of top-K recommendation.	Î»Opt: Learn to Regularize Recommender Models in Finer Levels	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Di Jin:Ryan A. Rossi:Eunyee Koh:Sungchul Kim:Anup Rao:Danai Koutra	Motivated by the computational and storage challenges that dense embeddings pose, we introduce the problem of latent network summarization that aims to learn a compact, latent representation of the graph structure with dimensionality that is independent of the input graph size (\i.e., #nodes and #edges), while retaining the ability to derive node representations on the fly. We propose Multi-LENS, an inductive multi-level latent network summarization approach that leverages a set of relational operators and relational functions (compositions of operators) to capture the structure of egonets and higher-order subgraphs, respectively. The structure is stored in low-rank, size-independent structural feature matrices, which along with the relational functions comprise our latent network summary. Multi-LENS is general and naturally supports both homogeneous and heterogeneous graphs with or without directionality, weights, attributes or labels. Extensive experiments on real graphs show 3.5-34.3% improvement in AUC for link prediction, while requiring 80-2152x less output storage space than baseline embedding methods on large datasets. As application areas, we show the effectiveness of Multi-LENS in detecting anomalies and events in the Enron email communication graph and Twitter co-mention graph.	Latent Network Summarization: Bridging Network Embedding and Summarization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ming-Kun Xie:Sheng-Jun Huang	Class-conditional variants of Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have recently achieved a great success due to its ability of selectively generating samples for given classes, as well as improving generation quality. However, its training requires a large set of class-labeled data, which is often expensive and difficult to collect in practice. In this paper, we propose an active sampling method to reduce the labeling cost for effectively training the class-conditional GANs. On one hand, the most useful examples are selected for external human labeling to jointly reduce the difficulty of model learning and alleviate the missing of adversarial training; on the other hand, fake examples are actively sampled for internal model retraining to enhance the adversarial training between the discriminator and generator. By incorporating the two strategies into a unified framework, we provide a cost-effective approach to train class-conditional GANs, which achieves higher generation quality with less training examples. Experiments on multiple datasets, diverse GAN configurations and various metrics demonstrate the effectiveness of our approaches.	Learning Class-Conditional GANs with Active Sampling	NA:NA	2018
Songgaojun Deng:Huzefa Rangwala:Yue Ning	Event forecasting with an aim at modeling contextual information is an important task for applications such as automated analysis generation and resource allocation. Captured contextual information for an event of interest can aid human analysts in understanding the factors associated with that event. However, capturing contextual information within event forecasting is challenging due to several factors: (i) uncertainty of context structure and formulation, (ii) high dimensional features, and (iii) adaptation of features over time. Recently, graph representations have demonstrated success in applications such as traffic forecasting, social influence prediction, and visual question answering systems. In this paper, we study graph representations in modeling social events to identify dynamic properties of event contexts as social indicators. Inspired by graph neural networks, we propose a novel graph convolutional network for predicting future events (e.g., civil unrest movements). We extract and learn graph representations from historical/prior event documents. By employing the hidden word graph features, our proposed model predicts the occurrence of future events and identifies sequences of dynamic graphs as event context. Experimental results on multiple real-world data sets show that the proposed method is competitive against various state-of-the-art methods for social event prediction.	Learning Dynamic Context Graphs for Predicting Social Events	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhen-Yu Zhang:Peng Zhao:Yuan Jiang:Zhi-Hua Zhou	In plenty of real-life tasks, strongly supervised information is hard to obtain, such that there is not sufficient high-quality supervision to make traditional learning approaches succeed. Therefore, weakly supervised learning has drawn considerable attention recently. In this paper, we consider the problem of learning from incomplete and inaccurate supervision, where only a limited subset of training data is labeled but potentially with noise. This setting is challenging and of great importance but rarely studied in the literature. We notice that in many applications, the limited labeled data are usually with one-sided noise. For instance, considering the bug detection task in the software system, the identified buggy codes are indeed with defects whereas the codes that have been checked many times or newly fixed may still have other flaws due to the complexity of the system. We propose a novel method which is able to effectively alleviate the negative influence of one-sided label noise with the help of a vast number of unlabeled data. Excess risk analysis is provided as theoretical justifications on the usefulness of incomplete and one-sided inaccurate supervision. We conduct experiments on synthetic, benchmark datasets, and real-life tasks to validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Learning from Incomplete and Inaccurate Supervision	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tomoki Yoshida:Ichiro Takeuchi:Masayuki Karasuyama	Graph is a standard approach to modeling structured data. Although many machine learning methods depend on the metric of the input objects, defining an appropriate distance function on graph is still a controversial issue. We propose a novel supervised metric learning method for a subgraph-based distance, called interpretable graph metric learning (IGML). IGML optimizes the distance function in such a way that a small number of important subgraphs can be adaptively selected. This optimization is computationally intractable with naive application of existing optimization algorithms. We construct a graph mining based efficient algorithm to deal with this computational difficulty. Important advantages of our method are 1) guarantee of the optimality from the convex formulation, and 2) high interpretability of results. To our knowledge, none of the existing studies provide an interpretable subgraph-based metric in a supervised manner. In our experiments, we empirically verify superior or comparable prediction performance of IGML to other existing graph classification methods which do not have clear interpretability. Further, we demonstrate usefulness of IGML through some illustrative examples of extracted subgraphs and an example of data analysis on the learned metric space.	Learning Interpretable Metric between Graphs: Convex Formulation and Computation with Graph Mining	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhicheng He:Jie Liu:Na Li:Yalou Huang	Recently, network embedding (NE) has achieved great successes in learning low dimensional representations for network nodes and has been increasingly applied to various network analytic tasks. In this paper, we consider the representation learning problem for content-rich networks whose nodes are associated with rich content information. Content-rich network embedding is challenging in fusing the complex structural dependencies and the rich contents. To tackle the challenges, we propose a generative model, Network-to-Network Network Embedding (Net2Net-NE) model, which can effectively fuse the structure and content information into one continuous embedding vector for each node. Specifically, we regard the content-rich network as a pair of networks with different modalities, i.e., content network and node network. By exploiting the strong correlation between the focal node and the nodes to whom it is connected to, a multilayer recursively composable encoder is proposed to fuse the structure and content information of the entire ego network into the egocentric node embedding. Moreover, a cross-modal decoder is deployed to mapping the egocentric node embeddings into node identities in an interconnected network. By learning the identity of each node according to its content, the mapping from content network to node network is learned in a generative manner. Hence the latent encoding vectors learned by the Net2Net-NE can be used as effective node embeddings. Extensive experimental results on three real-world networks demonstrate the superiority of Net2Net-NE over state-of-the-art methods.	Learning Network-to-Network Model for Content-rich Network Embedding	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pinghua Xu:Wenbin Hu:Jia Wu:Bo Du	Link prediction in signed social networks is an important and challenging problem in social network analysis. To produce the most accurate prediction results, two questions must be answered: (1) Which unconnected node pairs are likely to be connected by a link in future? (2) What will the signs of the new links be? These questions are challenging, and current research seldom well solves both issues simultaneously. Additionally, neutral social relationships, which are common in many social networks can affect the accuracy of link prediction. Yet neutral links are not considered in most existing methods. Hence, in this paper, we propose a s igned l atent f actor (SLF) model that answers both these questions and, additionally, considers four types of relationships: positive, negative, neutral and no relationship at all. The model links social relationships of different types to the comprehensive, but opposite, effects of positive and negative SLFs. The SLF vectors for each node are learned by minimizing a negative log-likelihood objective function. Experiments on four real-world signed social networks support the efficacy of the proposed model.	Link Prediction with Signed Latent Factors in Signed Social Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhiqiang Tao:Sheng Li:Zhaowen Wang:Chen Fang:Longqi Yang:Handong Zhao:Yun Fu	Modeling user behavior from unstructured software log-trace data is critical in providing personalized service (\emphe.g., cross-platform recommendation). Existing user modeling approaches cannot well handle the long-term temporal information in log data, or produce semantically meaningful results for interpreting user logs. To address these challenges, we propose a Log2Intent framework for interpretable user modeling in this paper. Log2Intent adopts a deep sequential modeling framework that contains a temporal encoder, a semantic encoder and a log action decoder, and it fully captures the long-term temporal information in user sessions. Moreover, to bridge the semantic gap between log-trace data and human language, a recurrent semantics memory unit (RSMU) is proposed to encode the annotation sentences from an auxiliary software tutorial dataset, and the output of RSMU is fed into the semantic encoder of Log2Intent. Comprehensive experiments on a real-world Photoshop log-trace dataset with an auxiliary Photoshop tutorial dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed Log2Intent framework over the state-of-the-art log-trace user modeling method in three different tasks, including log annotation retrieval, user interest detection and user next action prediction.	Log2Intent: Towards Interpretable User Modeling via Recurrent Semantics Memory Unit	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Wang:Tong Xu:Qi Liu:Defu Lian:Enhong Chen:Dongfang Du:Han Wu:Wen Su	Recently, the Network Representation Learning (NRL) techniques, which represent graph structure via low-dimension vectors to support social-oriented application, have attracted wide attention. Though large efforts have been made, they may fail to describe the multiple aspects of similarity between social users, as only a single vector for one unique aspect has been represented for each node. To that end, in this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end framework named MCNE to learn multiple conditional network representations, so that various preferences for multiple behaviors could be fully captured. Specifically, we first design a binary mask layer to divide the single vector as conditional embeddings for multiple behaviors. Then, we introduce the attention network to model interaction relationship among multiple preferences, and further utilize the adapted message sending and receiving operation of graph neural network, so that multi-aspect preference information from high-order neighbors will be captured. Finally, we utilize Bayesian Personalized Ranking loss function to learn the preference similarity on each behavior, and jointly learn multiple conditional node embeddings via multi-task learning framework. Extensive experiments on public datasets validate that our MCNE framework could significantly outperform several state-of-the-art baselines, and further support the visualization and transfer learning tasks with excellent interpretability and robustness.	MCNE: An End-to-End Framework for Learning Multiple Conditional Network Representations of Social Network	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hoyeop Lee:Jinbae Im:Seongwon Jang:Hyunsouk Cho:Sehee Chung	This paper proposes a recommender system to alleviate the cold-start problem that can estimate user preferences based on only a small number of items. To identify a user's preference in the cold state, existing recommender systems, such as Netflix, initially provide items to a user; we call those items evidence candidates. Recommendations are then made based on the items selected by the user. Previous recommendation studies have two limitations: (1) the users who consumed a few items have poor recommendations and (2) inadequate evidence candidates are used to identify user preferences. We propose a meta-learning-based recommender system called MeLU to overcome these two limitations. From meta-learning, which can rapidly adopt new task with a few examples, MeLU can estimate new user's preferences with a few consumed items. In addition, we provide an evidence candidate selection strategy that determines distinguishing items for customized preference estimation. We validate MeLU with two benchmark datasets, and the proposed model reduces at least 5.92% mean absolute error than two comparative models on the datasets. We also conduct a user study experiment to verify the evidence selection strategy.	MeLU: Meta-Learned User Preference Estimator for Cold-Start Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hanwen Zha:Wenhu Chen:Keqian Li:Xifeng Yan	The number of scientific publications is ever increasing. The long time to digest a scientific paper posts great challenges on the number of papers people can read, which impedes a quick grasp of major activities in new research areas especially for intelligence analysts and novice researchers. To accelerate such a process, we first define a new problem called mining algorithm roadmap in scientific publications, and then propose a new weakly supervised method to build the roadmap. The algorithm roadmap describes evolutionary relation between different algorithms, and sketches the undergoing research and the dynamics of the area. It is a tool for analysts and researchers to locate the successors and families of algorithms when analyzing and surveying a research field. We first propose abbreviated words as candidates for algorithms and then use tables as weak supervision to extract these candidates and labels. Next we propose a new method called Cross-sentence Attention NeTwork for cOmparative Relation (CANTOR) to extract comparative algorithms from text. Finally, we derive order for individual algorithm pairs with time and frequency to construct the algorithm roadmap. Through comprehensive experiments, our proposed algorithm shows its superiority over the baseline methods on the proposed task.	Mining Algorithm Roadmap in Scientific Publications	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Haoyu Zhang:Qin Zhang	We study the problem of computing similarity joins under edit distance on a set of strings. Edit similarity joins is a fundamental problem in databases, data mining and bioinformatics. It finds important applications in data cleaning and integration, collaborative filtering, genome sequence assembly, etc. This problem has attracted significant attention in the past two decades. However, all previous algorithms either cannot scale well to long strings and large similarity thresholds, or suffer from imperfect accuracy. In this paper we propose a new algorithm for edit similarity joins using a novel string partition based approach. We show mathematically that with high probability our algorithm achieves a perfect accuracy, and runs in linear time plus a data-dependent verification step. Experiments on real world datasets show that our algorithm significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art algorithms for edit similarity joins, and achieves perfect accuracy on all the datasets that we have tested.	MinJoin: Efficient Edit Similarity Joins via Local Hash Minima	NA:NA	2018
Hemank Lamba:Neil Shah	Visual multimedia is one of the most prevalent sources of modern online content and engagement. However, despite its prevalence, little is known about user engagement with such content. For instance, how can we model engagement for a specific content or viewer sample, and across multiple samples? Can we model and discover patterns in these interactions, and detect outlying behaviors corresponding to abnormal engagement? In this paper, we study these questions in depth. Understanding these questions has implications in user modeling and understanding, ranking, trust and safety and more. For analysis, we consider content and viewer dwell time (engagement duration) behaviors with images and videos on Snapchat Stories, one of the largest multimedia-driven social sharing services. To our knowledge, we are the first to model and analyze dwell time behaviors on such media. Specifically, our contributions include (a) individual modeling: we propose and evaluate the ÅFmodel, ÅTmodel and \Vmodel parametric models to describe dwell times of unlooped/looped media and viewers which outperform alternatives, (b) aggregate modeling: we show how to flexibly summarize the respective joint distributions of multivariate parametrized fits across many samples using Vine Copulas in the analog \ALFmodel, \ALTmodel and \AVmodel models, which enable inferences regarding aggregate behavioral patterns, and offer the ability to simulate real-looking engagement data (c) anomaly detection: we demonstrate our aggregate models can robustly detect anomalies present during training ($0.9+$ AUROC across most attack models), and also enable discovery of real dwell time anomalies.	Modeling Dwell Time Engagement on Visual Multimedia	NA:NA	2018
Daizong Ding:Mi Zhang:Xudong Pan:Min Yang:Xiangnan He	Time series prediction is an intensively studied topic in data mining. In spite of the considerable improvements, recent deep learning-based methods overlook the existence of extreme events, which result in weak performance when applying them to real time series. Extreme events are rare and random, but do play a critical role in many real applications, such as the forecasting of financial crisis and natural disasters. In this paper, we explore the central theme of improving the ability of deep learning on modeling extreme events for time series prediction. Through the lens of formal analysis, we first find that the weakness of deep learning methods roots in the conventional form of quadratic loss. To address this issue, we take inspirations from the Extreme Value Theory, developing a new form of loss called Extreme Value Loss (EVL) for detecting the future occurrence of extreme events. Furthermore, we propose to employ Memory Network in order to memorize extreme events in historical records.By incorporating EVL with an adapted memory network module, we achieve an end-to-end framework for time series prediction with extreme events. Through extensive experiments on synthetic data and two real datasets of stock and climate, we empirically validate the effectiveness of our framework. Besides, we also provide a proper choice for hyper-parameters in our proposed framework by conducting several additional experiments.	Modeling Extreme Events in Time Series Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiejie Zhao:Bowen Du:Leilei Sun:Fuzhen Zhuang:Weifeng Lv:Hui Xiong	Multi-task learning is a successful machine learning framework which improves the performance of prediction models by leveraging knowledge among tasks, e.g., the relationships between different tasks. Most of existing multi-task learning methods focus on guiding learning process by predefined task relationships. In fact, these methods have not fully exploited the associated relationships during the learning process. On the one hand, replacing predefined task relationships by adaptively learned ones may result in higher prediction accuracy as it can avoid the risk of misguiding caused by improperly predefined relationships. On the other hand, apart from the task relationships, feature-task dependence and feature-feature interactions could also be employed to guide the learning process. Along this line, we propose aMultiple Relational Attention Network (MRAN) framework for multi-task learning, in which three types of relationships are considered. Correspondingly, MRAN consists of three attention-based relationship learning modules: 1) a task-task relationship learning module which captures the relationships among tasks automatically and controls the positive and negative knowledge transfer adaptively; 2) a feature-feature interaction learning module that handles the complicated interactions among features; 3) a task-feature dependence learning module, which can associate the related features with target tasks separately. To evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed MARN, experiments are conducted on two public datasets and a real-world dataset crawled from a review hosting site. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method over both classical and the state-of-the-art multi-task learning methods.	Multiple Relational Attention Network for Multi-task Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ahmed Rashed:Josif Grabocka:Lars Schmidt-Thieme	The task of classifying multi-relational data spans a wide range of domains such as document classification in citation networks, classification of emails, and protein labeling in proteins interaction graphs. Current state-of-the-art classification models rely on learning per-entity latent representations by mining the whole structure of the relations' graph, however, they still face two major problems. Firstly, it is very challenging to generate expressive latent representations in sparse multi-relational settings with implicit feedback relations as there is very little information per-entity. Secondly, for entities with structured properties such as titles and abstracts (text) in documents, models have to be modified ad-hoc. In this paper, we aim to overcome these two main drawbacks by proposing a flexible nonlinear latent embedding model (BRNLE) for the classification of multi-relational data. The proposed model can be applied to entities with structured properties such as text by utilizing the numerical vector representations of those properties. To address the sparsity problem of implicit feedback relations, the model is optimized via a sparsely-regularized multi-relational pair-wise Bayesian personalized ranking loss (BPR). Experiments on four different real-world datasets show that the proposed model significantly outperforms state-of-the-art models for multi-relational classification.	Multi-Relational Classification via Bayesian Ranked Non-Linear Embeddings	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chang Li:Dongjin Song:Dacheng Tao	Stock price movement not only depends on the history of individual stock movements, but also complex hidden dynamics associated with other correlated stocks. Despite the substantial effort made to understand the principles of stock price movement, few attempts have been made to predict movement direction based upon a single stock's historical records together with its correlated stocks. Here, we present a multi-task recurrent neural network (RNN) with high-order Markov random fields (MRFs) to predict stock price movement direction. Specifically, we first design a multi-task RNN framework to extract informative features from the raw market data of individual stocks without considering any domain knowledge. Next, we employ binary MRFs with unary features and weighted lower linear envelopes as the higher-order energy function to capture higher-order consistency within the same stock clique (group). We also derive a latent structural SVM algorithm to learn higher-order MRFs in a polynomial number of iterations. Finally, a sub-gradient algorithm is employed to perform end-to-end training of the RNN and high-order MRFs. We conduct thorough empirical studies on three popular Chinese stock market indexes and the proposed method outperforms baseline approaches. To our best knowledge, the proposed technique is the first to investigate intra-clique relationships with higher-order MRFs for stock price movement prediction.	Multi-task Recurrent Neural Networks and Higher-order Markov Random Fields for Stock Price Movement Prediction: Multi-task RNN and Higer-order MRFs for Stock Price Classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kun Dong:Austin R. Benson:David Bindel	Spectral analysis connects graph structure to the eigenvalues and eigenvectors of associated matrices. Much of spectral graph theory descends directly from spectral geometry, the study of differentiable manifolds through the spectra of associated differential operators. But the translation from spectral geometry to spectral graph theory has largely focused on results involving only a few extreme eigenvalues and their associated eigenvalues. Unlike in geometry, the study of graphs through the overall distribution of eigenvalues --- the \em spectral density --- is largely limited to simple random graph models. The interior of the spectrum of real-world graphs remains largely unexplored, difficult to compute and to interpret. In this paper, we delve into the heart of spectral densities of real-world graphs. We borrow tools developed in condensed matter physics, and add novel adaptations to handle the spectral signatures of common graph motifs. The resulting methods are highly efficient, as we illustrate by computing spectral densities for graphs with over a billion edges on a single compute node. Beyond providing visually compelling fingerprints of graphs, we show how the estimation of spectral densities facilitates the computation of many common centrality measures, and use spectral densities to estimate meaningful information about graph structure that cannot be inferred from the extremal eigenpairs alone.	Network Density of States	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dingqi Yang:Paolo Rosso:Bin Li:Philippe Cudre-Mauroux	Embeddings have become a key paradigm to learn graph representations and facilitate downstream graph analysis tasks. Existing graph embedding techniques either sample a large number of node pairs from a graph to learn node embeddings via stochastic optimization, or factorize a high-order proximity/adjacency matrix of the graph via expensive matrix factorization. However, these techniques usually require significant computational resources for the learning process, which hinders their applications on large-scale graphs. Moreover, the cosine similarity preserved by these techniques shows suboptimal efficiency in downstream graph analysis tasks, compared to Hamming similarity, for example. To address these issues, we propose NodeSketch, a highly-efficient graph embedding technique preserving high-order node proximity via recursive sketching. Specifically, built on top of an efficient data-independent hashing/sketching technique, NodeSketch generates node embeddings in Hamming space. For an input graph, it starts by sketching the self-loop-augmented adjacency matrix of the graph to output low-order node embeddings, and then recursively generates k-order node embeddings based on the self-loop-augmented adjacency matrix and (k-1)-order node embeddings. Our extensive evaluation compares NodeSketch against a sizable collection of state-of-the-art techniques using five real-world graphs on two graph analysis tasks. The results show that NodeSketch achieves state-of-the-art performance compared to these techniques, while showing significant speedup of 9x-372x in the embedding learning process and 1.19x-1.68x speedup when performing downstream graph analysis tasks.	NodeSketch: Highly-Efficient Graph Embeddings via Recursive Sketching	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chengrun Yang:Yuji Akimoto:Dae Won Kim:Madeleine Udell	Algorithm selection and hyperparameter tuning remain two of the most challenging tasks in machine learning. Automated machine learning (AutoML) seeks to automate these tasks to enable widespread use of machine learning by non-experts. This paper introduces OBOE, a collaborative filtering method for time-constrained model selection and hyperparameter tuning. OBOE forms a matrix of the cross-validated errors of a large number of supervised learning models (algorithms together with hyperparameters) on a large number of datasets, and fits a low rank model to learn the low-dimensional feature vectors for the models and datasets that best predict the cross-validated errors. To find promising models for a new dataset, OBOE runs a set of fast but informative algorithms on the new dataset and uses their cross-validated errors to infer the feature vector for the new dataset. OBOE can find good models under constraints on the number of models fit or the total time budget. To this end, this paper develops a new heuristic for active learning in time-constrained matrix completion based on optimal experiment design. Our experiments demonstrate that OBOE delivers state-of-the-art performance faster than competing approaches on a test bed of supervised learning problems. Moreover, the success of the bilinear model used by OBOE suggests that AutoML may be simpler than was previously understood.	OBOE: Collaborative Filtering for AutoML Model Selection	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Li He:Long Xia:Wei Zeng:Zhi-Ming Ma:Yihong Zhao:Dawei Yin	It is well known that the historical logs are used for evaluating and learning policies in interactive systems, e.g. recommendation, search, and online advertising. Since direct online policy learning usually harms user experiences, it is more crucial to apply off-policy learning in real-world applications instead. Though there have been some existing works, most are focusing on learning with one single historical policy. However, in practice, usually a number of parallel experiments, e.g. multiple AB tests, are performed simultaneously. To make full use of such historical data, learning policies from multiple loggers becomes necessary. Motivated by this, in this paper, we investigate off-policy learning when the training data coming from multiple historical policies. Specifically, policies, e.g. neural networks, can be learned directly from multi-logger data, with counterfactual estimators. In order to understand the generalization ability of such estimator better, we conduct generalization error analysis for the empirical risk minimization problem. We then introduce the generalization error bound as the new risk function, which can be reduced to a constrained optimization problem. Finally, we give the corresponding learning algorithm for the new constrained problem, where we can appeal to the minimax problems to control the constraints. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed methods achieve better performances than the state-of-the-arts.	Off-policy Learning for Multiple Loggers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yu-Chia Chen:Avleen S. Bijral:Juan Lavista Ferres	Dynamic extensions of Stochastic block model (SBM) are of importance in several fields that generate temporal interaction data. These models, besides producing compact and interpretable network representations, can be useful in applications such as link prediction or network forecasting. In this paper we present a conditional pseudo-likelihood based extension to dynamic SBM that can be efficiently estimated by optimizing a regularized objective. Our formulation leads to a highly scalable approach that can handle very large networks, even with millions of nodes. We also extend our formalism to causal impact for networks that allows us to quantify the impact of external events on a time dependent sequence of networks. We support our work with extensive results on both synthetic and real networks.	On Dynamic Network Models and Application to Causal Impact	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yipeng Zhang:Yuchen Li:Zhifeng Bao:Songsong Mo:Ping Zhang	In this paper we propose and study the problem of optimizing the influence of outdoor advertising (ad) when impression counts are taken into consideration. Given a database U of billboards, each of which has a location and a non-uniform cost, a trajectory database T and a budget B, it aims to find a set of billboards that has the maximum influence under the budget. In line with the advertising consumer behavior studies, we adopt the logistic function to take into account the impression counts of an ad (placed at different billboards) to a user trajectory when defining the influence measurement. However, this poses two challenges: (1) our problem is NP-hard to approximate within a factor of O(|T|1-Îµ) for any Îµ>0 in polynomial time; (2) the influence measurement is non-submodular, which means a straightforward greedy approach is not applicable. Therefore, we propose a tangent line based algorithm to compute a submodular function to estimate the upper bound of influence. Henceforth, we introduce a branch-and-bound framework with a Î¸-termination condition, achieving Î¸2/(1 - 1/e) approximation ratio. However, this framework is time-consuming when |U| is huge. Thus, we further optimize it with a progressive pruning upper bound estimation approach which achieves Î¸2/(1 - 1/e - Îµ) approximation ratio and significantly decreases the running-time. We conduct the experiments on real-world billboard and trajectory datasets, and show that the proposed approaches outperform the baselines by 95% in effectiveness. Moreover, the optimized approach is around two orders of magnitude faster than the original framework.	Optimizing Impression Counts for Outdoor Advertising	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mohammadreza Esfandiari:Dong Wei:Sihem Amer-Yahia:Senjuti Basu Roy	We investigate online group formation where members seek to increase their learning potential via collaboration. We capture two common learning models: LpA where each member learns from all higher skilled ones, and LpD where the least skilled member learns from the most skilled one. We formulate the problem of forming groups with the purpose of optimizing peer learning under different affinity structures: AffD where group affinity is the smallest between all members, and AffC where group affinity is the smallest between a designated member (e.g., the least skilled or the most skilled) and all others. This gives rise to multiple variants of a multiobjective optimization problem. We propose principled modeling of these problems and investigate theoretical and algorithmic challenges. We first present hardness results, and then develop computationally efficient algorithms with constant approximation factors. Our real-data experiments demonstrate with statistical significance that forming groups considering affinity improves learning. Our extensive synthetic experiments demonstrate the qualitative and scalability aspects of our solutions.	Optimizing Peer Learning in Online Groups with Affinities	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuandong Wang:Hongzhi Yin:Hongxu Chen:Tianyu Wo:Jie Xu:Kai Zheng	Ride-hailing applications are becoming more and more popular for providing drivers and passengers with convenient ride services, especially in metropolises like Beijing or New York. To obtain the passengers' mobility patterns, the online platforms of ride services need to predict the number of passenger demands from one region to another in advance. We formulate this problem as an Origin-Destination Matrix Prediction (ODMP) problem. Though this problem is essential to large-scale providers of ride services for helping them make decisions and some providers have already put it forward in public, existing studies have not solved this problem well. One of the main reasons is that the ODMP problem is more challenging than the common demand prediction. Besides the number of demands in a region, it also requires the model to predict the destinations of them. In addition, data sparsity is a severe issue. To solve the problem effectively, we propose a unified model, Grid-Embedding based Multi-task Learning (GEML) which consists of two components focusing on spatial and temporal information respectively. The Grid-Embedding part is designed to model the spatial mobility patterns of passengers and neighboring relationships of different areas, the pre-weighted aggregator of which aims to sense the sparsity and range of data. The Multi-task Learning framework focuses on modeling temporal attributes and capturing several objectives of the ODMP problem. The evaluation of our model is conducted on real operational datasets from UCAR and Didi. The experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our GEML against the state-of-the-art approaches.	Origin-Destination Matrix Prediction via Graph Convolution: a New Perspective of Passenger Demand Modeling	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lucas Maystre:Victor Kristof:Matthias Grossglauser	Inspired by applications in sports where the skill of players or teams competing against each other varies over time, we propose a probabilistic model of pairwise-comparison outcomes that can capture a wide range of time dynamics. We achieve this by replacing the static parameters of a class of popular pairwise-comparison models by continuous-time Gaussian processes; the covariance function of these processes enables expressive dynamics. We develop an efficient inference algorithm that computes an approximate Bayesian posterior distribution. Despite the flexbility of our model, our inference algorithm requires only a few linear-time iterations over the data and can take advantage of modern multiprocessor computer architectures. We apply our model to several historical databases of sports outcomes and find that our approach outperforms competing approaches in terms of predictive performance, scales to millions of observations, and generates compelling visualizations that help in understanding and interpreting the data.	Pairwise Comparisons with Flexible Time-Dynamics	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ari Kobren:Barna Saha:Andrew McCallum	Automatically matching reviewers to papers is a crucial step of the peer review process for venues receiving thousands of submissions. Unfortunately, common paper matching algorithms often construct matchings suffering from two critical problems: (1) the group of reviewers assigned to a paper do not collectively possess sufficient expertise, and (2) reviewer workloads are highly skewed. In this paper, we propose a novel local fairness formulation of paper matching that directly addresses both of these issues. Since optimizing our formulation is not always tractable, we introduce two new algorithms, FairIR and FairFlow, for computing fair matchings that approximately optimize the new formulation. FairIR solves a relaxation of the local fairness formulation and then employs a rounding technique to construct a valid matching that provably maximizes the objective and only compromises on fairness with respect to reviewer loads and papers by a small constant. In contrast, FairFlow is not provably guaranteed to produce fair matchings, however it can be 2x as efficient as FairIR and an order of magnitude faster than matching algorithms that directly optimize for fairness. Empirically, we demonstrate that both FairIR and FairFlow improve fairness over standard matching algorithms on real conference data. Moreover, in comparison to state-of-the-art matching algorithms that optimize for fairness only, FairIR achieves higher objective scores, FairFlow achieves competitive fairness, and both are capable of more evenly allocating reviewers.	Paper Matching with Local Fairness Constraints	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sanjoy Dey:Ping Zhang:Daby Sow:Kenney Ng	In contrast to the one-size-fits-all approach to medicine, precision medicine will allow targeted prescriptions based on the specific profile of the patient thereby avoiding adverse reactions and ineffective but expensive treatments. Longitudinal observational data such as Electronic Health Records (EHRs) have become an emerging data source for personalized medicine. In this paper, we propose a unified computational framework, called PerDREP, to predict the unique response patterns of each individual patient from EHR data. PerDREP models individual responses of each patient to the drug exposure by introducing a linear system to account for patients' heterogeneity, and incorporates a patient similarity graph as a network regularization. We formulate PerDREP as a convex optimization problem and develop an iterative gradient descent method to solve it. In the experiments, we identify the effect of drugs on Glycated hemoglobin test results. The experimental results provide evidence that the proposed method is not only more accurate than state-of-the-art methods, but is also able to automatically cluster patients into multiple coherent groups, thus paving the way for personalized medicine.	PerDREP: Personalized Drug Effectiveness Prediction from Longitudinal Observational Data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Srijan Kumar:Xikun Zhang:Jure Leskovec	Modeling sequential interactions between users and items/products is crucial in domains such as e-commerce, social networking, and education. Representation learning presents an attractive opportunity to model the dynamic evolution of users and items, where each user/item can be embedded in a Euclidean space and its evolution can be modeled by an embedding trajectory in this space. However, existing dynamic embedding methods generate embeddings only when users take actions and do not explicitly model the future trajectory of the user/item in the embedding space. Here we propose JODIE, a coupled recurrent neural network model that learns the embedding trajectories of users and items. JODIE employs two recurrent neural networks to update the embedding of a user and an item at every interaction. Crucially, JODIE also models the future embedding trajectory of a user/item. To this end, it introduces a novel projection operator that learns to estimate the embedding of the user at any time in the future. These estimated embeddings are then used to predict future user-item interactions. To make the method scalable, we develop a t-Batch algorithm that creates time-consistent batches and leads to 9x faster training. We conduct six experiments to validate JODIE on two prediction tasks---future interaction prediction and state change prediction---using four real-world datasets. We show that JODIE outperforms six state-of-the-art algorithms in these tasks by at least 20% in predicting future interactions and 12% in state change prediction.	Predicting Dynamic Embedding Trajectory in Temporal Interaction Networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jia Li:Zhichao Han:Hong Cheng:Jiao Su:Pengyun Wang:Jianfeng Zhang:Lujia Pan	In this paper we use a time-evolving graph which consists of a sequence of graph snapshots over time to model many real-world networks. We study the path classification problem in a time-evolving graph, which has many applications in real-world scenarios, for example, predicting path failure in a telecommunication network and predicting path congestion in a traffic network in the near future. In order to capture the temporal dependency and graph structure dynamics, we design a novel deep neural network named Long Short-Term Memory R-GCN (LRGCN). LRGCN considers temporal dependency between time-adjacent graph snapshots as a special relation with memory, and uses relational GCN to jointly process both intra-time and inter-time relations. We also propose a new path representation method named self-attentive path embedding (SAPE), to embed paths of arbitrary length into fixed-length vectors. Through experiments on a real-world telecommunication network and a traffic network in California, we demonstrate the superiority of LRGCN to other competing methods in path failure prediction, and prove the effectiveness of SAPE on path representation.	Predicting Path Failure In Time-Evolving Graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hua Wei:Chacha Chen:Guanjie Zheng:Kan Wu:Vikash Gayah:Kai Xu:Zhenhui Li	Traffic signal control is essential for transportation efficiency in road networks. It has been a challenging problem because of the complexity in traffic dynamics. Conventional transportation research suffers from the incompetency to adapt to dynamic traffic situations. Recent studies propose to use reinforcement learning (RL) to search for more efficient traffic signal plans. However, most existing RL-based studies design the key elements - reward and state - in a heuristic way. This results in highly sensitive performances and a long learning process. To avoid the heuristic design of RL elements, we propose to connect RL with recent studies in transportation research. Our method is inspired by the state-of-the-art method max pressure (MP) in the transportation field. The reward design of our method is well supported by the theory in MP, which can be proved to be maximizing the throughput of the traffic network, i.e., minimizing the overall network travel time. We also show that our concise state representation can fully support the optimization of the proposed reward function. Through comprehensive experiments, we demonstrate that our method outperforms both conventional transportation approaches and existing learning-based methods.	PressLight: Learning Max Pressure Control to Coordinate Traffic Signals in Arterial Network	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi Li:Wei Xu	Privacy is a big hurdle for collaborative data mining across multiple parties. We present multi-party computation (MPC) framework designed for large-scale data mining tasks. PrivPy combines an easy-to-use and highly flexible Python programming interface with state-of-the-art secret-sharing-based MPC backend. With essential data types and operations (such as NumPy arrays and broadcasting), as well as automatic code-rewriting, programmers can write modern data mining algorithms conveniently in familiar Python. We demonstrate that we can support many real-world machine learning algorithms (e.g. logistic regression and convolutional neural networks) and large datasets (e.g. 5000-by-1-million matrix) with minimal algorithm porting effort.	PrivPy: General and Scalable Privacy-Preserving Data Mining	NA:NA	2018
Hongchang Gao:Jian Pei:Heng Huang	Network embedding has attracted increasing attention in recent few years, which is to learn a low-dimensional representation for each node of a network to benefit downstream tasks, such as node classification, link prediction, and network visualization. Essentially, the task of network embedding can be decoupled into discovering the proximity in the original space and preserving it in the low dimensional space. Only with the well-discovered proximity can we preserve it in the low-dimensional space. Thus, it is critical to discover the proximity between different nodes to learn good node representations. To address this problem, in this paper, we propose a novel proximity generative adversarial network (ProGAN) which can generate proximities. As a result, the generated proximity can help to discover the complicated underlying proximity to benefit network embedding. To generate proximities, we design a novel neural network architecture to fulfill it. In particular, the generation of proximities is instantiated to the generation of triplets of nodes, which encodes the similarity relationship between different nodes. In this way, the proposed ProGAN can generate proximities successfully to benefit network embedding. At last, extensive experimental results have verified the effectiveness of ProGAN.	ProGAN: Network Embedding via Proximity Generative Adversarial Network	NA:NA:NA	2018
Francois Belletti:Minmin Chen:Ed H. Chi	Characterizing temporal dependence patterns is a critical step in understanding the statistical properties of sequential data. Long Range Dependence (LRD) --- referring to long-range correlations decaying as a power law rather than exponentially w.r.t. distance --- demands a different set of tools for modeling the underlying dynamics of the sequential data. While it has been widely conjectured that LRD is present in language modeling and sequential recommendation, the amount of LRD in the corresponding sequential datasets has not yet been quantified in a scalable and model-independent manner. We propose a principled estimation procedure of LRD in sequential datasets based on established LRD theory for real-valued time series and apply it to sequences of symbols with million-item-scale dictionaries. In our measurements, the procedure estimates reliably the LRD in the behavior of users as they write Wikipedia articles and as they interact with YouTube. We further show that measuring LRD better informs modeling decisions in particular for RNNs whose ability to capture LRD is still an active area of research. The quantitative measure informs new Evolutive Recurrent Neural Networks (EvolutiveRNNs) designs, leading to state-of-the-art results on language understanding and sequential recommendation tasks at a fraction of the computational cost.	Quantifying Long Range Dependence in Language and User Behavior to improve RNNs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yu Yin:Qi Liu:Zhenya Huang:Enhong Chen:Wei Tong:Shijin Wang:Yu Su	Understanding learning materials (e.g. test questions) is a crucial issue in online learning systems, which can promote many applications in education domain. Unfortunately, many supervised approaches suffer from the problem of scarce human labeled data, whereas abundant unlabeled resources are highly underutilized. To alleviate this problem, an effective solution is to use pre-trained representations for question understanding. However, existing pre-training methods in NLP area are infeasible to learn test question representations due to several domain-specific characteristics in education. First, questions usually comprise of heterogeneous data including content text, images and side information. Second, there exists both basic linguistic information as well as domain logic and knowledge. To this end, in this paper, we propose a novel pre-training method, namely QuesNet, for comprehensively learning question representations. Specifically, we first design a unified framework to aggregate question information with its heterogeneous inputs into a comprehensive vector. Then we propose a two-level hierarchical pre-training algorithm to learn better understanding of test questions in an unsupervised way. Here, a novel holed language model objective is developed to extract low-level linguistic features, and a domain-oriented objective is proposed to learn high-level logic and knowledge. Moreover, we show that QuesNet has good capability of being fine-tuned in many question-based tasks. We conduct extensive experiments on large-scale real-world question data, where the experimental results clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of QuesNet for question understanding as well as its superior applicability.	QuesNet: A Unified Representation for Heterogeneous Test Questions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Souhaib Ben Taieb:Bonsoo Koo	Forecasting a large set of time series with hierarchical aggregation constraints is a central problem for many organizations. However, it is particularly challenging to forecast these hierarchical structures. In fact, it requires not only good forecast accuracy at each level of the hierarchy, but also the coherency between different levels, i.e. the forecasts should satisfy the hierarchical aggregation constraints. Given some incoherent base forecasts, the state-of-the-art methods compute revised forecasts based on forecast combination which ensures that the aggregation constraints are satisfied. However, these methods assume the base forecasts are unbiased and constrain the revised forecasts to be also unbiased. We propose a new forecasting method which relaxes these unbiasedness conditions, and seeks the revised forecasts with the best tradeoff between bias and forecast variance. We also present a regularization method which allows us to deal with high-dimensional hierarchies, and provide its theoretical justification. Finally, we compare the proposed method with the state-of-the-art methods both theoretically and empirically. The results on both simulated and real-world data indicate that our methods provide competitive results compared to the state-of-the-art methods.	Regularized Regression for Hierarchical Forecasting Without Unbiasedness Conditions	NA:NA	2018
Shimin Di:Yanyan Shen:Lei Chen	Relation extraction in knowledge base construction has been researched for the last decades due to its applicability to many problems. Most classical works, such as supervised information extraction and distant supervision, focus on how to construct the knowledge base (KB) by utilizing the large number of labels or certain related KBs. However, in many real-world scenarios, the existing methods may not perform well when a new knowledge base is required but only scarce labels or few related KBs available. In this paper, we propose a novel approach called, Relation Extraction via Domain-aware Transfer Learning (ReTrans), to extract relation mentions from a given text corpus by exploring the experience from a large amount of existing KBs which may not be closely related to the target relation. We first propose to initialize the representation of relation mentions from the massive text corpus and update those representations according to existing KBs. Based on the representations of relation mentions, we investigate the contribution of each KB to the target task and propose to select useful KBs for boosting the effectiveness of the proposed approach. Based on selected KBs, we develop a novel domain-aware transfer learning framework to transfer knowledge from source domains to the target domain, aiming to infer the true relation mentions in the unstructured text corpus. Most importantly, we give the stability and generalization bound of ReTrans. Experimental results on the real world datasets well demonstrate that the effectiveness of our approach, which outperforms all the state-of-the-art baselines.	Relation Extraction via Domain-aware Transfer Learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yukuo Cen:Xu Zou:Jianwei Zhang:Hongxia Yang:Jingren Zhou:Jie Tang	Network embedding (or graph embedding) has been widely used in many real-world applications. However, existing methods mainly focus on networks with single-typed nodes/edges and cannot scale well to handle large networks. Many real-world networks consist of billions of nodes and edges of multiple types, and each node is associated with different attributes. In this paper, we formalize the problem of embedding learning for the Attributed Multiplex Heterogeneous Network and propose a unified framework to address this problem. The framework supports both transductive and inductive learning. We also give the theoretical analysis of the proposed framework, showing its connection with previous works and proving its better expressiveness. We conduct systematical evaluations for the proposed framework on four different genres of challenging datasets: Amazon, YouTube, Twitter, and Alibaba. Experimental results demonstrate that with the learned embeddings from the proposed framework, we can achieve statistically significant improvements (e.g., 5.99-28.23% lift by F1 scores; p<<0.01, t-test) over previous state-of-the-art methods for link prediction. The framework has also been successfully deployed on the recommendation system of a worldwide leading e-commerce company, Alibaba Group. Results of the offline A/B tests on product recommendation further confirm the effectiveness and efficiency of the framework in practice.	Representation Learning for Attributed Multiplex Heterogeneous Network	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fengyi Tang:Cao Xiao:Fei Wang:Jiayu Zhou:Li-wei H. Lehman	Knowledge transfer has been of great interest in current machine learning research, as many have speculated its importance in modeling the human ability to rapidly generalize learned models to new scenarios. Particularly in cases where training samples are limited, knowledge transfer shows improvement on both the learning speed and generalization performance of related tasks. Recently, Learning Using Privileged Information (LUPI) has presented a new direction in knowledge transfer by modeling the transfer of prior knowledge as a Teacher-Student interaction process. Under LUPI, a Teacher model uses Privileged Information (PI) that is only available at training time to improve the sample complexity required to train a Student learner for a given task. In this work, we present a LUPI formulation that allows privileged information to be retained in a multi-task learning setting. We propose a novel feature matching algorithm that projects samples from the original feature space and the privilege information space into a joint latent space in a way that informs similarity between training samples. Our experiments show that useful knowledge from PI is maintained in the latent space and greatly improves the sample efficiency of other related learning tasks. We also provide an analysis of sample complexity of the proposed LUPI method, which under some favorable assumptions can achieve a greater sample efficiency than brute force methods.	Retaining Privileged Information for Multi-Task Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Parikshit Ram:Kaushik Sinha	\kdtree \citefriedman1976algorithm has long been deemed unsuitable for exact nearest-neighbor search in high dimensional data. The theoretical guarantees and the empirical performance of \kdtree do not show significant improvements over brute-force nearest-neighbor search in moderate to high dimensions. \kdtree has been used relatively more successfully for approximate search \citemuja2009flann but lack theoretical guarantees. In the article, we build upon randomized-partition trees \citedasgupta2013randomized to propose \kdtree based approximate search schemes with $O(d Å‚og d + Å‚og n)$ query time for data sets with n points in d dimensions and rigorous theoretical guarantees on the search accuracy. We empirically validate the search accuracy and the query time guarantees of our proposed schemes, demonstrating the significantly improved scaling for same level of accuracy.	Revisiting kd-tree for Nearest Neighbor Search	NA:NA	2018
Jie Zhao:Ziyu Guan:Huan Sun	This work studies product question answering (PQA) which aims to answer product-related questions based on customer reviews. Most recent PQA approaches adopt end2end semantic matching methodologies, which map questions and answers to a latent vector space to measure their relevance. Such methods often achieve superior performance but it tends to be difficult to interpret why. On the other hand, simple keyword-based search methods exhibit natural interpretability through matched keywords, but often suffer from the lexical gap problem. In this work, we develop a new PQA framework (named Riker) that enjoys the benefits of both interpretability and effectiveness. Riker mines rich keyword representations of a question with two major components, internal word re-weighting and external word association, which predict the importance of each question word and associate the question with outside relevant keywords respectively, and can be jointly trained under weak supervision with large-scale QA pairs. The keyword representations from Riker can be directly used as input to a keyword-based search module, enabling the whole process to be effective while preserving good interpretability. We conduct extensive experiments using Amazon QA and review datasets from 5 different departments, and our results show that Riker substantially outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods in both synthetic settings and real user evaluations. In addition, we compare keyword representations from Riker and those from attention mechanisms popularly used for deep neural networks through case studies, showing that the former are more effective and interpretable.	Riker: Mining Rich Keyword Representations for Interpretable Product Question Answering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dingyuan Zhu:Ziwei Zhang:Peng Cui:Wenwu Zhu	Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) are an emerging type of neural network model on graphs which have achieved state-of-the-art performance in the task of node classification. However, recent studies show that GCNs are vulnerable to adversarial attacks, i.e. small deliberate perturbations in graph structures and node attributes, which poses great challenges for applying GCNs to real world applications. How to enhance the robustness of GCNs remains a critical open problem. To address this problem, we propose Robust GCN (RGCN), a novel model that "fortifies'' GCNs against adversarial attacks. Specifically, instead of representing nodes as vectors, our method adopts Gaussian distributions as the hidden representations of nodes in each convolutional layer. In this way, when the graph is attacked, our model can automatically absorb the effects of adversarial changes in the variances of the Gaussian distributions. Moreover, to remedy the propagation of adversarial attacks in GCNs, we propose a variance-based attention mechanism, i.e. assigning different weights to node neighborhoods according to their variances when performing convolutions. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our proposed method can effectively improve the robustness of GCNs. On three benchmark graphs, our RGCN consistently shows a substantial gain in node classification accuracy compared with state-of-the-art GCNs against various adversarial attack strategies.	Robust Graph Convolutional Networks Against Adversarial Attacks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yaqiang Yao:Jie Cao:Huanhuan Chen	Multi-task learning aims to learn multiple tasks jointly by sharing information among related tasks such that the generalization performance over different tasks could be improved. Although multi-task learning has been demonstrated to obtain performance gain in comparison with the single task learning, the main challenge that learning what to share with whom is still not fully resolved. In this paper, we propose a robust clustered multi-task learning approach that clusters tasks into several groups by learning the representative tasks. The main assumption behind our approach is that each task can be represented by a linear combination of some representative tasks that can characterize all tasks. The correlation between tasks can be indicated by the corresponding combination coefficient. By imposing a row-sparse constraint on the correlation matrix, our approach could select the representative tasks and encourage information sharing among the related tasks. In addition, the $l_1,2 $-norm is applied to the representation loss to enhance the robustness of our approach. To solve the resulting bi-convex optimization problem, we design an efficient optimization method based on the alternating direction method of multipliers and accelerated proximal gradient method. Finally, experimental results on synthetic and real-world data sets validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Robust Task Grouping with Representative Tasks for Clustered Multi-Task Learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lingfei Wu:Ian En-Hsu Yen:Zhen Zhang:Kun Xu:Liang Zhao:Xi Peng:Yinglong Xia:Charu Aggarwal	Graph kernels are widely used for measuring the similarity between graphs. Many existing graph kernels, which focus on local patterns within graphs rather than their global properties, suffer from significant structure information loss when representing graphs. Some recent global graph kernels, which utilizes the alignment of geometric node embeddings of graphs, yield state-of-the-art performance. However, these graph kernels are not necessarily positive-definite. More importantly, computing the graph kernel matrix will have at least quadratic time complexity in terms of the number and the size of the graphs. In this paper, we propose a new family of global alignment graph kernels, which take into account the global properties of graphs by using geometric node embeddings and an associated node transportation based on earth mover's distance. Compared to existing global kernels, the proposed kernel is positive-definite. Our graph kernel is obtained by defining a distribution over random graphs, which can naturally yield random feature approximations. The random feature approximations lead to our graph embeddings, which is named as "random graph embeddings" (RGE). In particular, RGE is shown to achieve (quasi-)linear scalability with respect to the number and the size of the graphs. The experimental results on nine benchmark datasets demonstrate that RGE outperforms or matches twelve state-of-the-art graph classification algorithms.	Scalable Global Alignment Graph Kernel Using Random Features: From Node Embedding to Graph Embedding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuan Yin:Zhewei Wei	Graph embedding learns low-dimensional representations for nodes in a graph and effectively preserves the graph structure. Recently, a significant amount of progress has been made toward this emerging research area. However, there are several fundamental problems that remain open. First, existing methods fail to preserve the out-degree distributions on directed graphs. Second, many existing methods employ random walk based proximities and thus suffer from conflicting optimization goals on undirected graphs. Finally, existing factorization methods are unable to achieve scalability and non-linearity simultaneously. This paper presents an in-depth study on graph embedding techniques on both directed and undirected graphs. We analyze the fundamental reasons that lead to the distortion of out-degree distributions and to the conflicting optimization goals. We propose transpose proximity, a unified approach that solves both problems. Based on the concept of transpose proximity, we design STRAP, a factorization based graph embedding algorithm that achieves scalability and non-linearity simultaneously. STRAP makes use of the backward push algorithm to efficiently compute the sparse Personalized PageRank (PPR) as its transpose proximities. By imposing the sparsity constraint, we are able to apply non-linear operations to the proximity matrix and perform efficient matrix factorization to derive the embedding vectors. Finally, we present an extensive experimental study that evaluates the effectiveness of various graph embedding algorithms, and we show that \strap outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of effectiveness and scalability.	Scalable Graph Embeddings via Sparse Transpose Proximities	NA:NA	2018
Nicholas Monath:Ari Kobren:Akshay Krishnamurthy:Michael R. Glass:Andrew McCallum	We introduce Grinch, a new algorithm for large-scale, non-greedy hierarchical clustering with general linkage functions that compute arbitrary similarity between two point sets. The key components of Grinch are its rotate and graft subroutines that efficiently reconfigure the hierarchy as new points arrive, supporting discovery of clusters with complex structure. Grinch is motivated by a new notion of separability for clustering with linkage functions: we prove that when the linkage function is consistent with a ground-truth clustering, Grinch is guaranteed to produce a cluster tree containing the ground-truth, independent of data arrival order. Our empirical results on benchmark and author coreference datasets (with standard and learned linkage functions) show that Grinch is more accurate than other scalable methods, and orders of magnitude faster than hierarchical agglomerative clustering.	Scalable Hierarchical Clustering with Tree Grafting	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Edouard FouchÃ©:Junpei Komiyama:Klemens BÃ¶hm	The Multi-Armed Bandit (MAB) is a fundamental model capturing the dilemma between exploration and exploitation in sequential decision making. At every time step, the decision maker selects a set of arms and observes a reward from each of the chosen arms. In this paper, we present a variant of the problem, which we call the Scaling MAB (S-MAB): The goal of the decision maker is not only to maximize the cumulative rewards, i.e., choosing the arms with the highest expected reward, but also to decide how many arms to select so that, in expectation, the cost of selecting arms does not exceed the rewards. This problem is relevant to many real-world applications, e.g., online advertising, financial investments or data stream monitoring. We propose an extension of Thompson Sampling, which has strong theoretical guarantees and is reported to perform well in practice. Our extension dynamically controls the number of arms to draw. Furthermore, we combine the proposed method with ADWIN, a state-of-the-art change detector, to deal with non-static environments. We illustrate the benefits of our contribution via a real-world use case on predictive maintenance.	Scaling Multi-Armed Bandit Algorithms	NA:NA:NA	2018
Parameswaran Raman:Sriram Srinivasan:Shin Matsushima:Xinhua Zhang:Hyokun Yun:S.V.N. Vishwanathan	We study the problem of scaling Multinomial Logistic Regression (MLR) to datasets with very large number of data points in the presence of large number of classes. At a scale where neither data nor the parameters are able to fit on a single machine, we argue that simultaneous data and model parallelism (Hybrid Parallelism) is inevitable. The key challenge in achieving such a form of parallelism in MLR is the log-partition function which needs to be computed across all K classes per data point, thus making model parallelism non-trivial. To overcome this problem, we propose a reformulation of the original objective that exploits double-separability, an attractive property that naturally leads to hybrid parallelism. Our algorithm (DS-MLR) is asynchronous and completely de-centralized, requiring minimal communication across workers while keeping both data and parameter workloads partitioned. Unlike standard data parallel approaches, DS-MLR avoids bulk-synchronization by maintaining local normalization terms on each worker and accumulating them incrementally using a token-ring topology. We demonstrate the versatility of DS-MLR under various scenarios in data and model parallelism, through an empirical study consisting of real-world datasets. In particular, to demonstrate scaling via hybrid parallelism, we created a new benchmark dataset (Reddit-Full) by pre-processing 1.7 billion reddit user comments spanning the period 2007-2015. We used DS-MLR to solve an extreme multi-class classification problem of classifying 211 million data points into their corresponding subreddits. Reddit-Full is a massive data set with data occupying 228 GB and 44 billion parameters occupying 358 GB. To the best of our knowledge, no other existing methods can handle MLR in this setting.	Scaling Multinomial Logistic Regression via Hybrid Parallelism	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Luobao Zou:Zhiwei Zhuang:Yin Cheng:Xuechun Wang:Weidong Zhang	In this work, we propose a moderate policy update method for reinforcement learning, which encourages the agent to explore more boldly in early episodes but updates the policy more cautious. Based on the maximum entropy framework, we propose a softer objective with more conservative constraints and build the separated trust regions for optimization. To reduce the variance of expected entropy return, a calculated state policy entropy of Gaussian distribution is preferred instead of collecting log probability by sampling. This new method, which we call separated trust region for policy mean and variance (STRMV), can be view as an extension to proximal policy optimization (PPO) but it is gentler for policy update and more lively for exploration. We test our approach on a wide variety of continuous control benchmark tasks in the MuJoCo environment. The experiments demonstrate that STRMV outperforms the previous state of art on-policy methods, not only achieving higher rewards but also improving the sample efficiency.	Separated Trust Regions Policy Optimization Method	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Min-hwan Oh:Garud Iyengar	One of the most interesting application scenarios in anomaly detection is when sequential data are targeted. For example, in a safety-critical environment, it is crucial to have an automatic detection system to screen the streaming data gathered by monitoring sensors and to report abnormal observations if detected in real-time. Oftentimes, stakes are much higher when these potential anomalies are intentional or goal-oriented. We propose an end-to-end framework for sequential anomaly detection using inverse reinforcement learning (IRL), whose objective is to determine the decision-making agent's underlying function which triggers his/her behavior. The proposed method takes the sequence of actions of a target agent (and possibly other meta information) as input. The agent's normal behavior is then understood by the reward function which is inferred via IRL. We use a neural network to represent a reward function. Using a learned reward function, we evaluate whether a new observation from the target agent follows a normal pattern. In order to construct a reliable anomaly detection method and take into consideration the confidence of the predicted anomaly score, we adopt a Bayesian approach for IRL. The empirical study on publicly available real-world data shows that our proposed method is effective in identifying anomalies.	Sequential Anomaly Detection using Inverse Reinforcement Learning	NA:NA	2018
Haoji Hu:Xiangnan He	Given past sequential sets of elements, predicting the subsequent sets of elements is an important problem in different domains. With the past orders of customers given, predicting the items that are likely to be bought in their following orders can provide information about the future purchase intentions. With the past clinical records of patients at each visit to the hospitals given, predicting the future clinical records in the subsequent visits can provide information about the future disease progression. These useful information can help to make better decisions in different domains. However, existing methods have not studied this problem well. In this paper, we formulate this problem as a sequential sets to sequential sets learning problem. We propose an end-to-end learning approach based on an encoder-decoder framework to solve the problem. In the encoder, our approach maps the set of elements at each past time step into a vector. In the decoder, our method decodes the set of elements at each subsequent time step from the vectors with a set-based attention mechanism. The repeated elements pattern is also considered in our method to further improve the performance. In addition, our objective function addresses the imbalance and correlation existing among the predicted elements. The experimental results on three real-world data sets showthat our method outperforms the best performance of the compared methods with respect to recall and person-wise hit ratio by 2.7-20.6% and 2.1-26.3%, respectively. Our analysis also shows that our decoder has good generalization to output sequential sets that are even longer than the output of training instances.	Sets2Sets: Learning from Sequential Sets with Neural Networks	NA:NA	2018
Madelon Hulsebos:Kevin Hu:Michiel Bakker:Emanuel Zgraggen:Arvind Satyanarayan:Tim Kraska:Ã‡agatay Demiralp:CÃ©sar Hidalgo	Correctly detecting the semantic type of data columns is crucial for data science tasks such as automated data cleaning, schema matching, and data discovery. Existing data preparation and analysis systems rely on dictionary lookups and regular expression matching to detect semantic types. However, these matching-based approaches often are not robust to dirty data and only detect a limited number of types. We introduce Sherlock, a multi-input deep neural network for detecting semantic types. We train Sherlock on $686,765$ data columns retrieved from the VizNet corpus by matching $78$ semantic types from DBpedia to column headers. We characterize each matched column with $1,588$ features describing the statistical properties, character distributions, word embeddings, and paragraph vectors of column values. Sherlock achieves a support-weighted F$_1$ score of $0.89$, exceeding that of machine learning baselines, dictionary and regular expression benchmarks, and the consensus of crowdsourced annotations.	Sherlock: A Deep Learning Approach to Semantic Data Type Detection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rafael Savvides:Andreas Henelius:Emilia Oikarinen:Kai PuolamÃ¤ki	In this paper we consider the following important problem: when we explore data visually and observe patterns, how can we determine their statistical significance? Patterns observed in exploratory analysis are traditionally met with scepticism, since the hypotheses are formulated while viewing the data, rather than before doing so. In contrast to this belief, we show that it is, in fact, possible to evaluate the significance of patterns also during exploratory analysis, and that the knowledge of the analyst can be leveraged to improve statistical power by reducing the amount of simultaneous comparisons. We develop a principled framework for determining the statistical significance of visually observed patterns. Furthermore, we show how the significance of visual patterns observed during iterative data exploration can be determined. We perform an empirical investigation on real and synthetic tabular data and time series, using different test statistics and methods for generating surrogate data. We conclude that the proposed framework allows determining the significance of visual patterns during exploratory analysis.	Significance of Patterns in Data Visualisations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xin Wang:Wenwu Zhu:Chenghao Liu	Social recommendation has been playing an important role in suggesting items to users through utilizing information from social connections. However, most existing approaches do not consider the attention factor causing the constraint that people can only accept a limited amount of information due to the limited strength of mind, which has been discovered as an intrinsic physiological property of human by social science. We address this issue by resorting to the concept of limited attention in social science and combining it with machine learning techniques in an elegant way. When introducing the idea of limited attention into social recommendation, two challenges that fail to be solved by existing methods appear: i) how to develop a mathematical model which can optimally choose a subset of friends for each user such that these friends' preferences can best influence the target user, and ii) how can the model learn an optimal attention for each of these selected friends. To tackle these challenges, we first propose to formulate the problem of optimal limited attention in social recommendation. We then develop a novel algorithm through employing an EM-style strategy to jointly optimize users' latent preferences, optimal number of their best influential friends and the corresponding attentions. We also give a rigorous proof to guarantee the algorithm's optimality. The proposed model is capable of efficiently finding an optimal number of friends whose preferences have the best impact on target user as well as adaptively learning an optimal personalized attention towards every selected friend w.r.t. the best recommendation accuracy. Extensive experiments on real-world datasets demonstrate the superiority of our proposed model over several state-of-the-art algorithms.	Social Recommendation with Optimal Limited Attention	NA:NA:NA	2018
Leonardo Pellegrina:Matteo Riondato:Fabio Vandin	We present SPuManTE, an efficient algorithm for mining significant patterns from a transactional dataset. SPuManTE controls the Family-wise Error Rate: it ensures that the probability of reporting one or more false discoveries is less than an user-specified threshold. A key ingredient of SPuManTE is UT, our novel unconditional statistical test for evaluating the significance of a pattern, that requires fewer assumptions on the data generation process and is more appropriate for a knowledge discovery setting than classical conditional tests, such as the widely used Fisher's exact test. Computational requirements have limited the use of unconditional tests in significant pattern discovery, but UT overcomes this issue by obtaining the required probabilities in a novel efficient way. SPuManTE combines UT with recent results on the supremum of the deviations of pattern frequencies from their expectations, founded in statistical learning theory. This combination allows SPuManTE to be very efficient, while also enjoying high statistical power. The results of our experimental evaluation show that SPuManTE allows the discovery of statistically significant patterns while properly accounting for uncertainties in patterns' frequencies due to the data generation process.	SPuManTE: Significant Pattern Mining with Unconditional Testing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Saurabh Verma:Zhi-Li Zhang	Inspired by convolutional neural networks on 1D and 2D data, graph convolutional neural networks (GCNNs) have been developed for various learning tasks on graph data, and have shown superior performance on real-world datasets. Despite their success, there is a dearth of theoretical explorations of GCNN models such as their generalization properties. In this paper, we take a first step towards developing a deeper theoretical understanding of GCNN models by analyzing the stability of single-layer GCNN models and deriving their generalization guarantees in a semi-supervised graph learning setting. In particular, we show that the algorithmic stability of a GCNN model depends upon the largest absolute eigenvalue of its graph convolution filter. Moreover, to ensure the uniform stability needed to provide strong generalization guarantees, the largest absolute eigenvalue must be independent of the graph size. Our results shed new insights on the design of new & improved graph convolution filters with guaranteed algorithmic stability. We evaluate the generalization gap and stability on various real-world graph datasets and show that the empirical results indeed support our theoretical findings. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to study stability bounds on graph learning in a semi-supervised setting and derive generalization bounds for GCNN models.	Stability and Generalization of Graph Convolutional Neural Networks	NA:NA	2018
Hongzhi Shi:Chao Zhang:Quanming Yao:Yong Li:Funing Sun:Depeng Jin	Hidden Markov Model (HMM) is a powerful tool that has been widely adopted in sequence modeling tasks, such as mobility analysis, healthcare informatics, and online recommendation. However, using HMM for modeling personalized sequences remains a challenging problem: training a unified HMM with all the sequences often fails to uncover interesting personalized patterns; yet training one HMM for each individual inevitably suffers from data scarcity. We address this challenge by proposing a state-sharing sparse hidden Markov model (S3HMM) that can uncover personalized sequential patterns without suffering from data scarcity. This is achieved by two design principles: (1) all the HMMs in the ensemble share the same set of latent states; and (2) each HMM has its own transition matrix to model the personalized transitions. The result optimization problem for S3HMM becomes nontrivial, because of its two-layer hidden state design and the non-convexity in parameter estimation. We design a new Expectation-Maximization algorithm based, which treats the difference of convex programming as a sub-solver to optimize the non-convex function in the M-step with convergence guarantee. Our experimental results show that, S3HMM can successfully uncover personalized sequential patterns in various applications and outperforms baselines significantly in downstream prediction tasks.	State-Sharing Sparse Hidden Markov Models for Personalized Sequences	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Prathamesh Deshpande:Sunita Sarawagi	We present ARU, an Adaptive Recurrent Unit for streaming adaptation of deep globally trained time-series forecasting models. The ARU combines the advantages of learning complex data transformations across multiple time series from deep global models, with per-series localization offered by closed-form linear models. Unlike existing methods of adaptation that are either memory-intensive or non-responsive after training, ARUs require only fixed sized state and adapt to streaming data via an easy RNN-like update operation. The core principle driving ARU is simple --- maintain sufficient statistics of conditional Gaussian distributions and use them to compute local parameters in closed form. Our contribution is in embedding such local linear models in globally trained deep models while allowing end-to-end training on the one hand, and easy RNN-like updates on the other. Across several datasets we show that ARU is more effective than recently proposed local adaptation methods that tax the global network to compute local parameters.	Streaming Adaptation of Deep Forecasting Models using Adaptive Recurrent Units	NA:NA	2018
Lei Guo:Hongzhi Yin:Qinyong Wang:Tong Chen:Alexander Zhou:Nguyen Quoc Viet Hung	NA	Streaming Session-based Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhen Wang:Xiang Yue:Soheil Moosavinasab:Yungui Huang:Simon Lin:Huan Sun	Unstructured clinical texts contain rich health-related information. To better utilize the knowledge buried in clinical texts, discovering synonyms for a medical query term has become an important task. Recent automatic synonym discovery methods leveraging raw text information have been developed. However, to preserve patient privacy and security, it is usually quite difficult to get access to large-scale raw clinical texts. In this paper, we study a new setting named synonym discovery on privacy-aware clinical data (i.e., medical terms extracted from the clinical texts and their aggregated co-occurrence counts, without raw clinical texts). To solve the problem, we propose a new framework SurfCon that leverages two important types of information in the privacy-aware clinical data, i.e., the surface form information, and the global context information for synonym discovery. In particular, the surface form module enables us to detect synonyms that look similar while the global context module plays a complementary role to discover synonyms that are semantically similar but in different surface forms, and both allow us to deal with the OOV query issue (i.e., when the query is not found in the given data). We conduct extensive experiments and case studies on publicly available privacy-aware clinical data, and show that SurfCon can outperform strong baseline methods by large margins under various settings.	SurfCon: Synonym Discovery on Privacy-Aware Clinical Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuyang Yu:Bin Gu:Kunpeng Ning:Haiyan Chen:Jian Pei:Heng Huang	Semi-Supervised Support Vector Machine (S3VM) is one of the most popular methods for semi-supervised learning. To avoid the trivial solution of classifying all the unlabeled examples to a same class, balancing constraint is often used with S3VM (denoted as BCS3VM). Recently, a novel incremental learning algorithm (IL-S3VM) based on the path following technique was proposed to significantly scale up S3VM. However, the dynamic relationship of balancing constraint with previous labeled and unlabeled samples impede their incremental method for handling BCS3VM. To fill this gap, in this paper, we propose a new incremental S3VM algorithm (IL-BCS3VM) based on IL-S3VM which can effectively handle the balancing constraint and directly update the solution of BCS3VM. Specifically, to handle the dynamic relationship of balancing constraint with previous labeled and unlabeled samples, we design two unique procedures which can respectively eliminate and add the balancing constraint into S3VM. More importantly, we provide the finite convergence analysis for our IL-BCS3VM algorithm. Experimental results on a variety of benchmark datasets not only confirm the finite convergence of IL-BCS3VM, but also show a huge reduction of computational time compared with existing batch and incremental learning algorithms, while retaining the similar generalization performance.	Tackle Balancing Constraint for Incremental Semi-Supervised Support Vector Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pei Yang:Qi Tan:Hanghang Tong:Jingrui He	In this paper, we propose Task-Adversarial co-Generative Nets (TAGN) for learning from multiple tasks. It aims to address the two fundamental issues of multi-task learning, i.e., domain shift and limited labeled data, in a principled way. To this end, TAGN first learns the task-invariant representations of features to bridge the domain shift among tasks. Based on the task-invariant features, TAGN generates the plausible examples for each task to tackle the data scarcity issue. In TAGN, we leverage multiple game players to gradually improve the quality of the co-generation of features and examples by using an adversarial strategy. It simultaneously learns the marginal distribution of task-invariant features across different tasks and the joint distributions of examples with labels for each task. The theoretical study shows the desired results: at the equilibrium point of the multi-player game, the feature extractor exactly produces the task-invariant features for different tasks, while both the generator and the classifier perfectly replicate the joint distribution for each task. The experimental results on the benchmark data sets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Task-Adversarial Co-Generative Nets	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Romain Warlop:JÃ©rÃ©mie Mary:Mike Gartrell	Interest in determinantal point processes (DPPs) is increasing in machine learning due to their ability to provide an elegant parametric model over combinatorial sets. In particular, the number of required parameters in a DPP grows only quadratically with the size of the ground set (e.g., item catalog), while the number of possible sets of items grows exponentially. Recent work has shown that DPPs can be effective models for product recommendation and basket completion tasks, since they are able to account for both the diversity and quality of items within a set. We present an enhanced DPP model that is specialized for the task of basket completion, the tensorized DPP. We leverage ideas from tensor factorization in order to customize the model for the next-item basket completion task, where the next item is captured in an extra dimension of the model. We evaluate our model on several real-world datasets, and find that the tensorized DPP provides significantly better predictive quality in several settings than a number of state-of-the art models.	Tensorized Determinantal Point Processes for Recommendation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuan Deng:Sebastien Lahaie	The question of transparency has become a key point of contention between buyers and sellers of display advertising space: ads are allocated via complex, black-box auction systems whose mechanics can be difficult to model let alone optimize against. Motivated by this concern, this paper takes the perspective of a single advertiser and develops statistical tests to confirm whether an underlying auction mechanism is dynamically incentive compatible (IC), so that truthful bidding in each individual auction and across time is an optimal strategy. The most general notion of dynamic-IC presumes that the seller knows how buyers discount future surplus, which is questionable in practice. We characterize dynamic mechanisms that are dynamic-IC for all possible discounting factors according to two intuitive conditions: the mechanism should be IC at each stage in the usual sense, and expected present utility (under truthful bidding) should be independent of past bids. The conditions motivate two separate experiments based on bid perturbations that can be run simultaneously on the same impression traffic. We provide a novel statistical test of stage-IC along with a test for utility-independence that can detect lags in how the seller uses past bid information. We evaluate our tests on display ad data from a major ad exchange and show how they can accurately uncover evidence of first- or second-price auctions coupled with dynamic reserve prices, among other types of dynamic mechanisms.	Testing Dynamic Incentive Compatibility in Display Ad Auctions	NA:NA	2018
Ying Sun:Fuzhen Zhuang:Hengshu Zhu:Xin Song:Qing He:Hui Xiong	Person-Organization fit (P-O fit) refers to the compatibility between employees and their organizations. The study of P-O fit is important for enhancing proactive talent management. While considerable efforts have been made in this direction, it still lacks a quantitative and holistic way for measuring P-O fit and its impact on talent management. To this end, in this paper, we propose a novel data-driven neural network approach for dynamically modeling the compatibility in P-O fit and its meaningful relationships with two critical issues in talent management, namely talent turnover and job performance. Specifically, inspired by the practical management scenarios, we first creatively design an Organizational Structure-aware Convolutional Neural Network (OSCN) for hierarchically extracting organization-aware compatibility features for measuring P-O fit. Then, to capture the dynamic nature of P-O fit and its consequent impact, we further exploit an adapted Recurrent Neural Network with attention mechanism to model the temporal information of P-O fit. Finally, we compare our approach with a number of state-of-the-art baseline methods on real-world talent data. Experimental results clearly demonstrate the effectiveness in terms of turnover prediction and job performance prediction. Moreover, we also show some interesting indicators of talent management through the visualization of network layers.	The Impact of Person-Organization Fit on Talent Management: A Structure-Aware Convolutional Neural Network Approach	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tianwen Jiang:Tong Zhao:Bing Qin:Ting Liu:Nitesh V. Chawla:Meng Jiang	Conditions play an essential role in scientific observations, hypotheses, and statements. Unfortunately, existing scientific knowledge graphs (SciKGs) represent factual knowledge as a flat relational network of concepts, as same as the KGs in general domain, without considering the conditions of the facts being valid, which loses important contexts for inference and exploration. In this work, we propose a novel representation of SciKG, which has three layers. The first layer has concept nodes, attribute nodes, as well as the attaching links from attribute to concept. The second layer represents both fact tuples and condition tuples. Each tuple is a node of the relation name, connecting to the subject and object that are concept or attribute nodes in the first layer. The third layer has nodes of statement sentences traceable to the original paper and authors. Each statement node connects to a set of fact tuples and/or condition tuples in the second layer. We design a semi-supervised Multi-Input Multi-Output sequence labeling model that learns complex dependencies between the sequence tags from multiple signals and generates output sequences for fact and condition tuples. It has a self-training module of multiple strategies to leverage the massive scientific data for better performance when manual annotation is limited. Experiments on a data set of 141M sentences show that our model outperforms existing methods and the SciKGs we constructed provide a good understanding of the scientific statements.	The Role of "Condition": A Novel Scientific Knowledge Graph Representation and Construction Model	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Boyang Li:Yurong Cheng:Ye Yuan:Guoren Wang:Lei Chen	The popularity of mobile Internet techniques and Online-To-Offline(O2O) business models has led to the emergence of various spatial crowdsourcing (SC) platforms in our daily life. A core issue of SC platforms is to assign tasks to suitable crowd workers. Existing approaches usually focus on the matching of two types of objects,tasks and workers, and let workers to travel to the location of usersto provide services, which is a 2D matching problem. However, recent services provided by some new platforms, such as person-alized haircut service1and station ride-sharing, need users andworkers travel together to a third workplace to complete the service, which is indeed a 3D matching problem. Approaches in the existingstudies either cannot solve such 3D matching problem, or lack aassignment plan satisfying both users' and workers' preference inreal applications. Thus, in this paper, we propose a 3-Dimensional Stable Spatial Matching(3D-SSM) for the 3D matching problem innew SC services. We prove that the 3D-SSM problem is NP-hard, and propose two baseline algorithms and two efficient approximatealgorithms with bounded approximate ratios to solve it. Finally, weconduct extensive experiment studies which verify the efficiencyand effectiveness of the proposed algorithms on real and synthetic datasets.	Three-Dimensional Stable Matching Problem for Spatial Crowdsourcing Platforms	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stefano Giovanni Rizzo:Giovanna Vantini:Sanjay Chawla	Employing an optimal traffic light control policy has the potential of having a positive impact, both economic and environmental, on urban mobility. Reinforcement learning techniques have shown promising results in optimizing control policies for basic intersections and low volume traffic. This paper addresses the traffic light control problem in a complex scenario, such as a signalized roundabout with heavy traffic volumes, with the aim of maximizing throughput and avoiding traffic jams. We formulate the environment with a realistic representation of states and actions and a capacity-based reward. We enforce episode terminal conditions to avoid unwanted states, such as long queues interfering with other junctions in the vehicular network. A time-dependent baseline is proposed to reduce the variance of Policy Gradient updates in the setting of episodic conditions, thus improving the algorithm convergence to an optimal solution. We evaluate the method on real data and highly congested traffic, implementing a signalized simulated roundabout with 11 phases. The proposed method is able to avoid traffic jams and achieves higher performance than traditional time-splitting policies and standard Policy Gradient on average delay and effective capacity, while drastically decreasing the emissions.	Time Critic Policy Gradient Methods for Traffic Signal Control in Complex and Congested Scenarios	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaowei Jia:Sheng Li:Handong Zhao:Sungchul Kim:Vipin Kumar	The last decade has witnessed a surge of interest in applying deep learning models for discovering sequential patterns from a large volume of data. Recent works show that deep learning models can be further improved by enforcing models to learn a smooth output distribution around each data point. This can be achieved by augmenting training data with slight perturbations that are designed to alter model outputs. Such adversarial training approaches have shown much success in improving the generalization performance of deep learning models on static data, e.g., transaction data or image data captured on a single snapshot. However, when applied to sequential data, the standard adversarial training approaches cannot fully capture the discriminative structure of a sequence. This is because real-world sequential data are often collected over a long period of time and may include much irrelevant information to the classification task. To this end, we develop a novel adversarial training approach for sequential data classification by investigating when and how to perturb a sequence for an effective data augmentation. Finally, we demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method over baselines in a diversity of real-world sequential datasets.	Towards Robust and Discriminative Sequential Data Learning: When and How to Perform Adversarial Training?	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Abdulah Fawaz:Paul Klein:Sebastien Piat:Simone Severini:Peter Mountney	Quantum computers promise significant advantages over classical computers for a number of different applications. We show that the complete loss function landscape of a neural network can be represented as the quantum state output by a quantum computer. We demonstrate this explicitly for a binary neural network and, further, show how a quantum computer can train the network by manipulating this state using a well-known algorithm known as quantum amplitude amplification. We further show that with minor adaptation, this method can also represent the meta-loss landscape of a number of neural network architectures simultaneously. We search this meta-loss landscape with the same method to simultaneously train and design a binary neural network.	Training and Meta-Training Binary Neural Networks with Quantum Computing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daheng Wang:Tianwen Jiang:Nitesh V. Chawla:Meng Jiang	Given a project plan and the goal, can we predict the plan's success rate? The key challenge is to learn the feature vectors of billions of the plan's components for effective prediction. However, existing methods did not model the behavior outcomes but component proximities. In this work, we define a measurement of behavior outcomes, which forms a test tube-shaped region to represent "success", in a vector space. We propose a novel representation learning method to learn the embeddings of behavior components (including contexts, plans, and goals) by preserving the behavior outcome information. Experiments on real datasets show that our proposed method significantly improves the performance of goal prediction as well as context recommendation over the state-of-the-art.	TUBE: Embedding Behavior Outcomes for Predicting Success	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chengxi Zang:Peng Cui:Chaoming Song:Wenwu Zhu:Fei Wang	Pattern formation is a ubiquitous phenomenon that describes the generation of orderly outcomes by self-organization. In both physical society and online social media, patterns formed by social interactions are mainly driven by information flow. Despite an increasing number of studies aiming to understand the spreads of information flow, little is known about the geometry of these spreading patterns and how they were formed during the spreading. In this paper, by exploring 432 million information flow patterns extracted from a large-scale online social media dataset, we uncover a wide range of complex geometric patterns characterized by a three-dimensional metric space. In contrast, the existing understanding of spreading patterns are limited to fanning-out or narrow tree-like geometries. We discover three key ingredients that govern the formation of complex geometric patterns of information flow. As a result, we propose a stochastic process model incorporating these ingredients, demonstrating that it successfully reproduces the diverse geometries discovered from the empirical spreading patterns. Our discoveries provide a theoretical foundation for the microscopic mechanisms of information flow, potentially leading to wide implications for prediction, control and policy decisions in social media.	Uncovering Pattern Formation of Information Flow	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yunchao Zhang:Yanjie Fu:Pengyang Wang:Xiaolin Li:Yu Zheng	Unsupervised spatial representation learning aims to automatically identify effective features of geographic entities (i.e., regions) from unlabeled yet structural geographical data. Existing network embedding methods can partially address the problem by: (1) regarding a region as a node in order to reformulate the problem into node embedding; (2) regarding a region as a graph in order to reformulate the problem into graph embedding. However, these studies can be improved by preserving (1) intra-region geographic structures, which are represented by multiple spatial graphs, leading to a reformulation of collective learning from relational graphs; (2) inter-region spatial autocorrelations, which are represented by pairwise graph regularization, leading to a reformulation of adversarial learning. Moreover, field data in real systems are usually lack of labels, an unsupervised fashion helps practical deployments. Along these lines, we develop an unsupervised Collective Graph-regularized dual-Adversarial Learning (CGAL) framework for multi-view graph representation learning and also a Graph-regularized dual-Adversarial Learning (GAL) framework for single-view graph representation learning. Finally, our experimental results demonstrate the enhanced effectiveness of our method.	Unifying Inter-region Autocorrelation and Intra-region Structures for Spatial Embedding via Collective Adversarial Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Junheng Hao:Muhao Chen:Wenchao Yu:Yizhou Sun:Wei Wang	Many large-scale knowledge bases simultaneously represent two views of knowledge graphs (KGs): an ontology view for abstract and commonsense concepts, and an instance view for specific entities that are instantiated from ontological concepts. Existing KG embedding models, however, merely focus on representing one of the two views alone. In this paper, we propose a novel two-view KG embedding model, JOIE, with the goal to produce better knowledge embedding and enable new applications that rely on multi-view knowledge. JOIE employs both cross-view and intra-view modeling that learn on multiple facets of the knowledge base. The cross-view association model is learned to bridge the embeddings of ontological concepts and their corresponding instance-view entities. The intra-view models are trained to capture the structured knowledge of instance and ontology views in separate embedding spaces, with a hierarchy-aware encoding technique enabled for ontologies with hierarchies. We explore multiple representation techniques for the two model components and investigate with nine variants of JOIE. Our model is trained on large-scale knowledge bases that consist of massive instances and their corresponding ontological concepts connected via a (small) set of cross-view links. Experimental results on public datasets show that the best variant of JOIE significantly outperforms previous models on instance-view triple prediction task as well as ontology population on ontology-view KG. In addition, our model successfully extends the use of KG embeddings to entity typing with promising performance.	Universal Representation Learning of Knowledge Bases by Jointly Embedding Instances and Ontological Concepts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zheyi Pan:Yuxuan Liang:Weifeng Wang:Yong Yu:Yu Zheng:Junbo Zhang	Predicting urban traffic is of great importance to intelligent transportation systems and public safety, yet is very challenging because of two aspects: 1) complex spatio-temporal correlations of urban traffic, including spatial correlations between locations along with temporal correlations among timestamps; 2) diversity of such spatio-temporal correlations, which vary from location to location and depend on the surrounding geographical information, e.g., points of interests and road networks. To tackle these challenges, we proposed a deep-meta-learning based model, entitled ST-MetaNet, to collectively predict traffic in all location at once. ST-MetaNet employs a sequence-to-sequence architecture, consisting of an encoder to learn historical information and a decoder to make predictions step by step. In specific, the encoder and decoder have the same network structure, consisting of a recurrent neural network to encode the traffic, a meta graph attention network to capture diverse spatial correlations, and a meta recurrent neural network to consider diverse temporal correlations. Extensive experiments were conducted based on two real-world datasets to illustrate the effectiveness of ST-MetaNet beyond several state-of-the-art methods.	Urban Traffic Prediction from Spatio-Temporal Data Using Deep Meta Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lucas Bernardi:Themistoklis Mavridis:Pablo Estevez	Booking.com is the world's largest online travel agent where millions of guests find their accommodation and millions of accommodation providers list their properties including hotels, apartments, bed and breakfasts, guest houses, and more. During the last years we have applied Machine Learning to improve the experience of our customers and our business. While most of the Machine Learning literature focuses on the algorithmic or mathematical aspects of the field, not much has been published about how Machine Learning can deliver meaningful impact in an industrial environment where commercial gains are paramount. We conducted an analysis on about 150 successful customer facing applications of Machine Learning, developed by dozens of teams in Booking.com, exposed to hundreds of millions of users worldwide and validated through rigorous Randomized Controlled Trials. Following the phases of a Machine Learning project we describe our approach, the many challenges we found, and the lessons we learned while scaling up such a complex technology across our organization. Our main conclusion is that an iterative, hypothesis driven process, integrated with other disciplines was fundamental to build 150 successful products enabled by Machine Learning.	150 Successful Machine Learning Models: 6 Lessons Learned at Booking.com	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jingbo Zhou:Shan Gou:Renjun Hu:Dongxiang Zhang:Jin Xu:Airong Jiang:Ying Li:Hui Xiong	Tags of a Point of Interest (POI) can facilitate location-based services from many aspects like location search and place recommendation. However, many POI tags are often incomplete or imprecise, which may lead to performance degradation of tag-dependent applications. In this paper, we study the POI tag refinement problem which aims to automatically fill in the missing tags as well as correct noisy tags for POIs. We propose a tri-adaptive collaborative learning framework to search for an optimal POI-tag score matrix. The framework integrates three components to collaboratively (i) model the similarity matching between POI and tag, (ii) recover the POI-tag pattern via matrix factorization and (iii) learn to infer the most possible tags by maximum likelihood estimation. We devise an adaptively joint training process to optimize the model and regularize each component simultaneously. And the final refinement results are the consensus of multiple views from different components. We also discuss how to utilize various data sources to construct features for tag refinement, including user profile data, query data on Baidu Maps and basic properties of POIs. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework. And we further present a case study of the deployment of our framework on Baidu Maps.	A Collaborative Learning Framework to Tag Refinement for Points of Interest	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lei Chen:Xialiang Tong:Mingxuan Yuan:Jia Zeng:Lei Chen	The bin packing problem is one of the most fundamental optimization problems. Owing to its hardness as a combinatorial optimization problem class and its wide range of applications in different domains, different variations of the problem are emerged and many heuristics have been proposed for obtaining approximate solutions. In this paper, we solve a Multi-Level Bin Packing (MLBP) problem in the real make-to-order industry scenario. Existing solutions are not applicable to the problem due to: 1. the final packing may consist multiple levels of sub-packings; 2. the geometry shapes of objects as well as the packing constraints may be unknown. We design an automatic packing framework which extracts the packing knowledge from historical records to support packing without geometry shape and constraint information. Furthermore, we propose a dynamic programming approach to find the optimal solution for normal size problems; and a heuristic multi-level fuzzy-matching algorithm for large size problems. An inverted index is used to accelerate strategy search. The proposed auto packing framework has been deployed in Huawei Process & Engineering System to assist the packing engineers. It achieves a performance of accelerating the execution time of processing 5,000 packing orders to about $8$ minutes with an average successful packing rate as $80.54%$, which releases at least $30%$ workloads of packing workers.	A Data-Driven Approach for Multi-level Packing Problems in Manufacturing Industry	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fred X. Han:Di Niu:Haolan Chen:Kunfeng Lai:Yancheng He:Yu Xu	Related search query recommendation is a standard feature in many modern search engines. Interesting and relevant queries often increase the active time of users and improve the overall search experience. However, conventional approaches based on tag extraction, keywords matching or click graph link analysis suffer from the common problem of limited coverage and generalizability, which means the system could only make suggestions for a small portion of well-formed search queries.  In this work, we propose a deep generative approach to construct a related search query for recommendation in a word-by-word fashion, given either an input query or the title of a document. We propose a novel two-stage learning framework that partitions the task into two simpler sub-problems, namely, relevant context words discovery and context-dependent query generation. We carefully design a Relevant Words Generator (RWG) based on recurrent neural networks and a Dual-Vocabulary Sequence-to-Sequence (DV-Seq2Seq) model to address these problems. We also propose automated strategies that have retrieved three large datasets with $500$K to $1$ million instances, from a search click graph constructed based on $8$ days of search histories in Tencent QQ Browser, for model training. By leveraging the dynamically discovered context words, our proposed framework outperforms other Seq2Seq generative baselines on a wide range of BLEU, ROUGE and Exact Match (EM) metrics.	A Deep Generative Approach to Search Extrapolation and Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaocheng Tang:Zhiwei (Tony) Qin:Fan Zhang:Zhaodong Wang:Zhe Xu:Yintai Ma:Hongtu Zhu:Jieping Ye	Recent works on ride-sharing order dispatching have highlighted the importance of taking into account both the spatial and temporal dynamics in the dispatching process for improving the transportation system efficiency. At the same time, deep reinforcement learning has advanced to the point where it achieves superhuman performance in a number of fields. In this work, we propose a deep reinforcement learning based solution for order dispatching and we conduct large scale online A/B tests on DiDi's ride-dispatching platform to show that the proposed method achieves significant improvement on both total driver income and user experience related metrics. In particular, we model the ride dispatching problem as a Semi Markov Decision Process to account for the temporal aspect of the dispatching actions. To improve the stability of the value iteration with nonlinear function approximators like neural networks, we propose Cerebellar Value Networks (CVNet) with a novel distributed state representation layer. We further derive a regularized policy evaluation scheme for CVNet that penalizes large Lipschitz constant of the value network for additional robustness against adversarial perturbation and noises. Finally, we adapt various transfer learning methods to CVNet for increased learning adaptability and efficiency across multiple cities. We conduct extensive offline simulations based on real dispatching data as well as online AB tests through the DiDi's platform. Results show that CVNet consistently outperforms other recently proposed dispatching methods. We finally show that the performance can be further improved through the efficient use of transfer learning.	A Deep Value-network Based Approach for Multi-Driver Order Dispatching	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ang Li:Ola Spyra:Sagi Perel:Valentin Dalibard:Max Jaderberg:Chenjie Gu:David Budden:Tim Harley:Pramod Gupta	Population Based Training (PBT) is a recent approach that jointly optimizes neural network weights and hyperparameters which periodically copies weights of the best performers and mutates hyperparameters during training. Previous PBT implementations have been synchronized glass-box systems. We propose a general, black-box PBT framework that distributes many asynchronous "trials" (a small number of training steps with warm-starting) across a cluster, coordinated by the PBT controller. The black-box design does not make assumptions on model architectures, loss functions or training procedures. Our system supports dynamic hyperparameter schedules to optimize both differentiable and non-differentiable metrics. We apply our system to train a state-of-the-art WaveNet generative model for human voice synthesis. We show that our PBT system achieves better accuracy and faster convergence compared to existing methods, given the same computational resource.	A Generalized Framework for Population Based Training	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Prithwish Chakraborty:Faisal Farooq	Electronic Health Records (EHR) containing longitudinal information about millions of patient lives are increasingly being utilized by organizations across the healthcare spectrum. Studies on EHR data have enabled real world applications like understanding of disease progression, outcomes analysis, and comparative effectiveness research. However, often every study is independently commissioned, data is gathered by surveys or specifically purchased per study by a long and often painful process. This is followed by an arduous repetitive cycle of analysis, model building, and generation of insights. This process can take anywhere between 1 - 3 years. In this paper, we present a robust end-to-end machine learning based SaaS system to perform analysis on a very large EHR dataset. The framework consists of a proprietary EHR datamart spanning ~55 million patient lives in USA and over ~20 billion data points. To the best of our knowledge, this framework is the largest in the industry to analyze medical records at this scale, with such efficacy and ease. We developed an end-to-end ML framework with carefully chosen components to support EHR analysis at scale and suitable for further downstream clinical analysis. Specifically, it consists of a ridge regularized Survival Support Vector Machine (SSVM) with a clinical kernel, coupled with Chi-square distance-based feature selection, to uncover relevant risk factors by exploiting the weak correlations in EHR. Our results on multiple real use cases indicate that the framework identifies relevant factors effectively without expert supervision. The framework is stable, generalizable over outcomes, and also found to contribute to better out-of-bound prediction over known expert features. Importantly, the ML methodologies used are interpretable which is critical for acceptance of our system in the targeted user base. With the system being operational, all of these studies were completed within a time frame of 3-4 weeks compared to the industry standard 12-36 months. As such our system can accelerate analysis and discovery, result in better ROI due to reduced investments as well as quicker turn around of studies.	A Robust Framework for Accelerated Outcome-driven Risk Factor Identification from EHR	NA:NA	2018
Peng Tian:Yuan Guo:Jayashree Kalpathy-Cramer:Susan Ostmo:John Peter Campbell:Michael F. Chiang:Jennifer Dy:Deniz Erdogmus:Stratis Ioannidis	Retinopathy of Prematurity (ROP) is a leading cause for childhood blindness worldwide. An automated ROP detection system could significantly improve the chance of a child receiving proper diagnosis and treatment. We propose a means of producing a continuous severity score in an automated fashion, regressed from both (a) diagnostic class labels as well as (b) comparison outcomes. Our generative model combines the two sources, and successfully addresses inherent variability in diagnostic outcomes. In particular, our method exhibits an excellent predictive performance of both diagnostic and comparison outcomes over a broad array of metrics, including AUC, precision, and recall.	A Severity Score for Retinopathy of Prematurity	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kui Zhao:Junhao Hua:Ling Yan:Qi Zhang:Huan Xu:Cheng Yang	While marketing budget allocation has been studied for decades in traditional business, nowadays online business brings much more challenges due to the dynamic environment and complex decision-making process. In this paper, we present a novel unified framework for marketing budget allocation. By leveraging abundant data, the proposed data-driven approach can help us to overcome the challenges and make more informed decisions. In our approach, a semi-black-box model is built to forecast the dynamic market response and an efficient optimization method is proposed to solve the complex allocation task. First, the response in each market-segment is forecasted by exploring historical data through a semi-black-box model, where the capability of logit demand curve is enhanced by neural networks. The response model reveals relationship between sales and marketing cost. Based on the learned model, budget allocation is then formulated as an optimization problem, and we design efficient algorithms to solve it in both continuous and discrete settings. Several kinds of business constraints are supported in one unified optimization paradigm, including cost upper bound, profit lower bound, or ROI lower bound. The proposed framework is easy to implement and readily to handle large-scale problems. It has been successfully applied to many scenarios in Alibaba Group. The results of both offline experiments and online A/B testing demonstrate its effectiveness.	A Unified Framework for Marketing Budget Allocation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bang Liu:Weidong Guo:Di Niu:Chaoyue Wang:Shunnan Xu:Jinghong Lin:Kunfeng Lai:Yu Xu	Concepts embody the knowledge of the world and facilitate the cognitive processes of human beings. Mining concepts from web documents and constructing the corresponding taxonomy are core research problems in text understanding and support many downstream tasks such as query analysis, knowledge base construction, recommendation, and search. However, we argue that most prior studies extract formal and overly general concepts from Wikipedia or static web pages, which are not representing the user perspective. In this paper, we describe our experience of implementing and deploying ConcepT in Tencent QQ Browser. It discovers user-centered concepts at the right granularity conforming to user interests, by mining a large amount of user queries and interactive search click logs. The extracted concepts have the proper granularity, are consistent with user language styles and are dynamically updated. We further present our techniques to tag documents with user-centered concepts and to construct a topic-concept-instance taxonomy, which has helped to improve search as well as news feeds recommendation in Tencent QQ Browser. We performed extensive offline evaluation to demonstrate that our approach could extract concepts of higher quality compared to several other existing methods. Our system has been deployed in Tencent QQ Browser. Results from online A/B testing involving a large number of real users suggest that the Impression Efficiency of feeds users increased by 6.01% after incorporating the user-centered concepts into the recommendation framework of Tencent QQ Browser.	A User-Centered Concept Mining System for Query and Document Understanding at Tencent	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhipeng Luo:Jianqiang Huang:Ke Hu:Xue Li:Peng Zhang	Since air pollution seriously affects human heath and daily life, the air quality prediction has attracted increasing attention and become an active and important research topic. In this paper, we present AccuAir, our winning solution to the KDD Cup 2018 of Fresh Air, where the proposed solution has won the 1st place in two tracks, and the 2nd place in the other one. Our solution got the best accuracy on average in all the evaluation days. The task is to accurately predict the air quality (as indicated by the concentration of PM2.5, PM10 or O3) of the next 48 hours for each monitoring station in Beijing and London. Aiming at a cutting-edge solution, we first presents an analysis of the air quality data, identifying the fundamental challenges, such as the long-term but suddenly changing air quality, and complex spatial-temporal correlations in different stations. To address the challenges, we carefully design both global and local air quality features, and develop three prediction models including LightGBM, Gated-DNN and Seq2Seq, each with novel ingredients developed for better solving the problem. Specifically, a spatial-temporal gate is proposed in our Gated-DNN model, to effectively capture the spatial-temporal correlations as well as temporal relatedness, making the prediction more sensitive to spatial and temporal signals. In addition, the Seq2Seq model is adapted in such a way that the encoder summarizes useful historical features while the decoder concatenate weather forecast as input, which significantly improves prediction accuracy. Assembling all these components together, the ensemble of three models outperforms all competing methods in terms of the prediction accuracy of 31 days average, 10 days average and 24-48 hours.	AccuAir: Winning Solution to Air Quality Prediction for KDD Cup 2018	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tom Decroos:Lotte Bransen:Jan Van Haaren:Jesse Davis	Assessing the impact of the individual actions performed by soccer players during games is a crucial aspect of the player recruitment process. Unfortunately, most traditional metrics fall short in addressing this task as they either focus on rare actions like shots and goals alone or fail to account for the context in which the actions occurred. This paper introduces (1) a new language for describing individual player actions on the pitch and (2) a framework for valuing any type of player action based on its impact on the game outcome while accounting for the context in which the action happened. By aggregating soccer players' action values, their total offensive and defensive contributions to their team can be quantified. We show how our approach considers relevant contextual information that traditional player evaluation metrics ignore and present a number of use cases related to scouting and playing style characterization in the 2016/2017 and 2017/2018 seasons in Europe's top competitions.	Actions Speak Louder than Goals: Valuing Player Actions in Soccer	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
H M Sajjad Hossain:Nirmalya Roy	Machine learning models are bounded by the credibility of ground truth data used for both training and testing. Regardless of the problem domain, this ground truth annotation is objectively manual and tedious as it needs considerable amount of human intervention. With the advent of Active Learning with multiple annotators, the burden can be somewhat mitigated by actively acquiring labels of most informative data instances. However, multiple annotators with varying degrees of expertise poses new set of challenges in terms of quality of the label received and availability of the annotator. Due to limited amount of ground truth information addressing the variabilities of Activity of Daily Living (ADLs), activity recognition models using wearable and mobile devices are still not robust enough for real-world deployment. In this paper, we first propose an active learning combined deep model which updates its network parameters based on the optimization of a joint loss function. We then propose a novel annotator selection model by exploiting the relationships among the users while considering their heterogeneity with respect to their expertise, physical and spatial context. Our proposed model leverages model-free deep reinforcement learning in a partially observable environment setting to capture the action-reward interaction among multiple annotators. Our experiments in real-world settings exhibit that our active deep model converges to optimal accuracy with fewer labeled instances and achieves ~8% improvement in accuracy in fewer iterations.	Active Deep Learning for Activity Recognition with Context Aware Annotator Selection	NA:NA	2018
Xiao Hui Tai:Kyle Soska:Nicolas Christin	Many datasets feature seemingly disparate entries that actually refer to the same entity. Reconciling these entries, or "matching," is challenging, especially in situations where there are errors in the data. In certain contexts, the situation is even more complicated: an active adversary may have a vested interest in having the matching process fail. By leveraging eight years of data, we investigate one such adversarial context: matching different online anonymous marketplace vendor handles to unique sellers. Using a combination of random forest classifiers and hierarchical clustering on a set of features that would be hard for an adversary to forge or mimic, we manage to obtain reasonable performance (over 75% precision and recall on labels generated using heuristics), despite generally lacking any ground truth for training. Our algorithm performs particularly well for the top 30% of accounts by sales volume, and hints that 22,163 accounts with at least one confirmed sale map to 15,652 distinct sellers---of which 12,155 operate only one account, and the remainder between 2 and 11 different accounts. Case study analysis further confirms that our algorithm manages to identify non-trivial matches, as well as impersonation attempts.	Adversarial Matching of Dark Net Market Vendor Accounts	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiao Yang:Daren Sun:Ruiwei Zhu:Tao Deng:Zhi Guo:Zongyao Ding:Shouke Qin:Yanfeng Zhu	Sponsored search has more than 20 years of history, and it has been proven to be a successful business model for online advertising. Based on the pay-per-click pricing model and the keyword targeting technology, the sponsored system runs online auctions to determine the allocations and prices of search advertisements. In the traditional setting, advertisers should manually create lots of ad creatives and bid on some relevant keywords to target their audience. Due to the huge amount of search traffic and a wide variety of ad creations, the limits of manual optimizations from advertisers become the main bottleneck for improving the efficiency of this market. Moreover, as many emerging advertising forms and supplies are growing, it's crucial for sponsored search platform to pay more attention to the ROI metrics of ads for getting the marketing budgets of advertisers. In this paper, we present the AiAds system developed at Baidu, which use machine learning techniques to build an automated and intelligent advertising system. By designing and implementing the automated bidding strategy, the intelligent targeting and the intelligent creation models, the AiAds system can transform the manual optimizations into multiple automated tasks and optimize these tasks in advanced methods. AiAds is a brand-new architecture of sponsored search system which changes the bidding language and allocation mechanism, breaks the limit of keyword targeting with end-to-end ad retrieval framework and provides global optimization of ad creation. This system can increase the advertiser's campaign performance, the user experience and the revenue of the advertising platform simultaneously and significantly. We present the overall architecture and modeling techniques for each module of the system and share our lessons learned in solving several of key challenges. Finally, online A/B test and long-term grouping experiment demonstrate the advancement and effectiveness of this system.	AiAds: Automated and Intelligent Advertising System for Sponsored Search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaoli Tang:Tengyun Wang:Haizhi Yang:Hengjie Song	Recently, much attention has been paid to the usage of knowledge graph within the context of recommender systems to alleviate the data sparsity and cold-start problems. However, when incorporating entities from a knowledge graph to represent users, most existing works are unaware of the relationships between these entities and users. As a result, the recommendation results may suffer a lot from some unrelated entities. In this paper, we investigate how to explore these relationships which are essentially determined by the interactions among entities. Firstly, we categorize the interactions among entities into two types: inter-entity-interaction and intra-entity-interaction. Inter-entity-interaction is the interactions among entities that affect their importances to represent users. And intra-entity-interaction is the interactions within an entity that describe the different characteristics of this entity when involved in different relations. Then, considering these two types of interactions, we propose a novel model named Attention-enhanced Knowledge-aware User Preference Model (AKUPM) for click-through rate (CTR) prediction. More specifically, a self-attention network is utilized to capture the inter-entity-interaction by learning appropriate importance of each entity w.r.t the user. Moreover, the intra-entity-interaction is modeled by projecting each entity into its connected relation spaces to obtain the suitable characteristics. By doing so, AKUPM is able to figure out the most related part of incorporated entities (i.e., filter out the unrelated entities). Extensive experiments on two real-world public datasets demonstrate that AKUPM achieves substantial gains in terms of common evaluation metrics (e.g., AUC, ACC and [emailÂ protected]) over several state-of-the-art baselines.	AKUPM: Attention-Enhanced Knowledge-Aware User Preference Model for Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jingyuan Wang:Yang Zhang:Ke Tang:Junjie Wu:Zhang Xiong	Recent years have witnessed the successful marriage of finance innovations and AI techniques in various finance applications including quantitative trading (QT). Despite great research efforts devoted to leveraging deep learning (DL) methods for building better QT strategies, existing studies still face serious challenges especially from the side of finance, such as the balance of risk and return, the resistance to extreme loss, and the interpretability of strategies, which limit the application of DL-based strategies in real-life financial markets. In this work, we propose AlphaStock, a novel reinforcement learning (RL) based investment strategy enhanced by interpretable deep attention networks, to address the above challenges. Our main contributions are summarized as follows: i) We integrate deep attention networks with a Sharpe ratio-oriented reinforcement learning framework to achieve a risk-return balanced investment strategy; ii) We suggest modeling interrelationships among assets to avoid selection bias and develop a cross-asset attention mechanism; iii) To our best knowledge, this work is among the first to offer an interpretable investment strategy using deep reinforcement learning models. The experiments on long-periodic U.S. and Chinese markets demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of AlphaStock over diverse market states. It turns out that AlphaStock tends to select the stocks as winners with high long-term growth, low volatility, high intrinsic value, and being undervalued recently.	AlphaStock: A Buying-Winners-and-Selling-Losers Investment Strategy using Interpretable Deep Reinforcement Attention Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yichen Shen:Maxime Voisin:Alireza Aliamiri:Anand Avati:Awni Hannun:Andrew Ng	We develop an algorithm that accurately detects Atrial Fibrillation (AF) episodes from photoplethysmograms (PPG) recorded in ambulatory free-living conditions. We collect and annotate a dataset containing more than 4000 hours of PPG recorded from a wrist-worn device. Using a 50-layer convolutional neural network, we achieve a test AUC of 95% in presence of motion artifacts inherent to PPG signals. Such continuous and accurate detection of AF has the potential to transform consumer wearable devices into clinically useful medical monitoring tools.	Ambulatory Atrial Fibrillation Monitoring Using Wearable Photoplethysmography with Deep Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jagdish Ramakrishnan:Elham Shaabani:Chao Li:Matyas A. Sustik	Online retailers execute a very large number of price updates when compared to brick-and-mortar stores. Even a few mis-priced items can have a significant business impact and result in a loss of customer trust. Early detection of anomalies in an automated real-time fashion is an important part of such a pricing system. In this paper, we describe unsupervised and supervised anomaly detection approaches we developed and deployed for a large-scale online pricing system at Walmart. Our system detects anomalies both in batch and real-time streaming settings, and the items flagged are reviewed and actioned based on priority and business impact. We found that having the right architecture design was critical to facilitate model performance at scale, and business impact and speed were important factors influencing model selection, parameter choice, and prioritization in a production environment for a large-scale system. We conducted analyses on the performance of various approaches on a test set using real-world retail data and fully deployed our approach into production. We found that our approach was able to detect the most important anomalies with high precision.	Anomaly Detection for an E-commerce Pricing System	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Malay Haldar:Mustafa Abdool:Prashant Ramanathan:Tao Xu:Shulin Yang:Huizhong Duan:Qing Zhang:Nick Barrow-Williams:Bradley C. Turnbull:Brendan M. Collins:Thomas Legrand	The application to search ranking is one of the biggest machine learning success stories at Airbnb. Much of the initial gains were driven by a gradient boosted decision tree model. The gains, however, plateaued over time. This paper discusses the work done in applying neural networks in an attempt to break out of that plateau. We present our perspective not with the intention of pushing the frontier of new modeling techniques. Instead, ours is a story of the elements we found useful in applying neural networks to a real life product. Deep learning was steep learning for us. To other teams embarking on similar journeys, we hope an account of our struggles and triumphs will provide some useful pointers. Bon voyage!	Applying Deep Learning to Airbnb Search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuanfei Luo:Mengshuo Wang:Hao Zhou:Quanming Yao:Wei-Wei Tu:Yuqiang Chen:Wenyuan Dai:Qiang Yang	Feature crossing captures interactions among categorical features and is useful to enhance learning from tabular data in real-world businesses. In this paper, we present AutoCross, an automatic feature crossing tool provided by 4Paradigm to its customers, ranging from banks, hospitals, to Internet corporations. By performing beam search in a tree-structured space, AutoCross enables efficient generation of high-order cross features, which is not yet visited by existing works. Additionally, we propose successive mini-batch gradient descent and multi-granularity discretization to further improve efficiency and effectiveness, while ensuring simplicity so that no machine learning expertise or tedious hyper-parameter tuning is required. Furthermore, the algorithms are designed to reduce the computational, transmitting, and storage costs involved in distributed computing. Experimental results on both benchmark and real-world business datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of AutoCross. It is shown that AutoCross can significantly enhance the performance of both linear and deep models.	AutoCross: Automatic Feature Crossing for Tabular Data in Real-World Applications	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Haifeng Jin:Qingquan Song:Xia Hu	Neural architecture search (NAS) has been proposed to automatically tune deep neural networks, but existing search algorithms, e.g., NASNet, PNAS, usually suffer from expensive computational cost. Network morphism, which keeps the functionality of a neural network while changing its neural architecture, could be helpful for NAS by enabling more efficient training during the search. In this paper, we propose a novel framework enabling Bayesian optimization to guide the network morphism for efficient neural architecture search. The framework develops a neural network kernel and a tree-structured acquisition function optimization algorithm to efficiently explores the search space. Extensive experiments on real-world benchmark datasets have been done to demonstrate the superior performance of the developed framework over the state-of-the-art methods. Moreover, we build an open-source AutoML system based on our method, namely Auto-Keras. The code and documentation are available at https://autokeras.com. The system runs in parallel on CPU and GPU, with an adaptive search strategy for different GPU memory limits.	Auto-Keras: An Efficient Neural Architecture Search System	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chunyi Liu:Peng Wang:Jiang Xu:Zang Li:Jieping Ye	Dialogue summarization extracts useful information from a dialogue. It helps people quickly capture the highlights of a dialogue without going through long and sometimes twisted utterances. For customer service, it saves human resources currently required to write dialogue summaries. A main challenge of dialogue summarization is to design a mechanism to ensure the logic, integrity, and correctness of the summaries. In this paper, we introduce auxiliary key point sequences to solve this problem. A key point sequence describes the logic of the summary. In our training procedure, a key point sequence acts as an auxiliary label. It helps the model learn the logic of the summary. In the prediction procedure, our model predicts the key point sequence first and then uses it to guide the prediction of the summary. Along with the auxiliary key point sequence, we propose a novel Leader-Writer network. The Leader net predicts the key point sequence, and the Writer net predicts the summary based on the decoded key point sequence. The Leader net ensures the summary is logical and integral. The Writer net focuses on generating fluent sentences. We test our model on customer service scenarios. The results show that our model outperforms other models not only on BLEU and ROUGE-L score but also on logic and integrity.	Automatic Dialogue Summary Generation for Customer Service	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xun Yang:Yasong Li:Hao Wang:Di Wu:Qing Tan:Jian Xu:Kun Gai	Real-Time Bidding (RTB) is an important paradigm in display advertising, where advertisers utilize extended information and algorithms served by Demand Side Platforms (DSPs) to improve advertising performance. A common problem for DSPs is to help advertisers gain as much value as possible with budget constraints. However, advertisers would routinely add certain key performance indicator (KPI) constraints that the advertising campaign must meet due to practical reasons. In this paper, we study the common case where advertisers aim to maximize the quantity of conversions, and set cost-per-click (CPC) as a KPI constraint. We convert such a problem into a linear programming problem and leverage the primal-dual method to derive the optimal bidding strategy. To address the applicability issue, we propose a feedback control-based solution and devise the multivariable control system. The empirical study based on real-word data from Taobao.com verifies the effectiveness and superiority of our approach compared with the state of the art in the industry practices.	Bid Optimization by Multivariable Control in Display Advertising	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lisa Singh:Laila Wahedi:Yanchen Wang:Yifang Wei:Christo Kirov:Susan Martin:Katharine Donato:Yaguang Liu:Kornraphop Kawintiranon	Worldwide displacement due to war and conflict is at all-time high. Unfortunately, determining if, when, and where people will move is a complex problem. This paper proposes integrating both publicly available organic data from social media and newspapers with more traditional indicators of forced migration to determine when and where people will move. We combine movement and organic variables with spatial and temporal variation within different Bayesian models and show the viability of our method using a case study involving displacement in Iraq. Our analysis shows that incorporating open-source generated conversation and event variables maintains or improves predictive accuracy over traditional variables alone. This work is an important step toward understanding how to leverage organic big data for societal--scale problems.	Blending Noisy Social Media Signals with Traditional Movement Variables to Predict Forced Migration	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Long Guo:Lifeng Hua:Rongfei Jia:Binqiang Zhao:Xiaobo Wang:Bin Cui	E-commerce platforms are becoming a primary place for people to find, compare and ultimately purchase products. One of the fundamental questions that arises in e-commerce is to predict user purchasing intent, which is an important part of user understanding and allows for providing better services for both sellers and customers. However, previous work cannot predict real-time user purchasing intent with a high accuracy, limited by the representation capability of traditional browse-interactive behavior adopted. In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end deep network, named Deep Intent Prediction Network (DIPN), to predict real-time user purchasing intent. In particular, besides the traditional browse-interactive behavior, we collect a new type of user interactive behavior, called touch-interactive behavior, which can capture more fine-grained real-time user features. To combine these behavior effectively, we propose a hierarchical attention mechanism, where the bottom attention layer focuses on the inner parts of each behavior sequence while the top attention layer learns the inter-view relations between different behavior sequences. In addition, we propose to train DIPN with multi-task learning to better distinguish user behavior patterns. In the experiments conducted on a large-scale industrial dataset, DIPN significantly outperforms the baseline solutions. Notably, DIPN gains about 18.96% improvement on AUC than the state-of-the-art solution only using traditional browse-interactive behavior sequences. Moreover, DIPN has been deployed in the operational system of Taobao. Online A/B testing results with more than 12.9 millions of users reveal the potential of knowing users' real-time purchasing intent.	Buying or Browsing?: Predicting Real-time Purchasing Intent using Attention-based Deep Network with Multiple Behavior	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michal Aharon:Oren Somekh:Avi Shahar:Assaf Singer:Baruch Trayvas:Hadas Vogel:Dobri Dobrev	Yahoo's native advertising (also known as Gemini native) serves billions of ad impressions daily, reaching a yearly run-rate of many hundred of millions USD. Driving Gemini native models for predicting both click probability (pCTR) and conversion probability (pCONV) is OFFSET - a feature enhanced collaborative-filtering (CF) based event prediction algorithm. The predicted pCTRs are then used in Gemini native auctions to determine which ads to present for each serving event. A fast growing segment of Gemini native is Carousel ads that include several cards (or assets) which are used to populate several slots within the ad. Since Carousel ad slots are not symmetrical and some are more conspicuous than others, it is beneficial to render assets to slots in a way that maximizes revenue. In this work we present a post-auction successive elimination based approach for ranking assets according to their click trough rate (CTR) and render the carousel accordingly, placing higher CTR assets in more conspicuous slots. After a successful online bucket showing 8.6% CTR and 4.3% CPM (or revenue) lifts over a control bucket that uses predefined advertisers assets-to-slots mapping, the carousel asset optimization (CAO) system was pushed to production and is serving all Gemini native traffic since. A few months after CAO deployment, we have already measured an almost 40% increase in carousel ads revenue. Moreover, the entire revenue growth is related to CAO traffic increase due to additional advertiser demand, which demonstrates a high advertisers' satisfaction of the product.	Carousel Ads Optimization in Yahoo Gemini Native	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Seiya Tokui:Ryosuke Okuta:Takuya Akiba:Yusuke Niitani:Toru Ogawa:Shunta Saito:Shuji Suzuki:Kota Uenishi:Brian Vogel:Hiroyuki Yamazaki Vincent	Software frameworks for neural networks play a key role in the development and application of deep learning methods. In this paper, we introduce the Chainer framework, which intends to provide a flexible, intuitive, and high performance means of implementing the full range of deep learning models needed by researchers and practitioners. Chainer provides acceleration using Graphics Processing Units with a familiar NumPy-like API through CuPy, supports general and dynamic models in Python through Define-by-Run, and also provides add-on packages for state-of-the-art computer vision models as well as distributed training.	Chainer: A Deep Learning Framework for Accelerating the Research Cycle	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zenghua Xia:Chang Liu:Neil Zhenqiang Gong:Qi Li:Yong Cui:Dawn Song	Malicious accounts are one of the biggest threats to the security and privacy of online social networks (OSNs). In this work, we study a new type of OSN, called privacy-centric mobile social network (PC-MSN), such as KakaoTalk and LINE, which has attracted billions of users recently. The design of PC-MSN is inspired to protect their users' privacy from strangers: (1) a stranger is not easy to send a friend request to a user who does not want to make friends with strangers; and (2) strangers cannot view a user's post. Such a design mitigates the security issue of malicious accounts. At the same time, it also brings the battleground between attackers and defenders to an earlier stage, i.e., making friendship, than the one studied in previous works. Also, previous defense proposals mostly rely on certain assumptions on the attacker, which may not be robust in the new PC-MSNs. As a result, previous malicious accounts detection approaches are less effective on a PC-MSN. To mitigate this issue, we study the patterns in friend requests to distinguish malicious accounts, and perform a systematic study over 1 million labeled data from WLink, a real PC-MSN with billions of users, to confirm our hypothesis. Based on the results, we propose dozens of new features and leverage machine learning to detect malicious accounts. We evaluate our method and compare it with existing methods, and the results show that our method achieves a precision of 99.5% and a recall of 98.4%, which significantly outperform previous state-of-the-art methods. Importantly, we qualitatively analyze the robustness of the designed features, and our evaluation shows that using only robust features can achieve the same level of performance as using all features. WLink has deployed our detection method. Our method can detect 0.59 million malicious accounts daily, which is 6 times higher than the previous deployment on WLink, with a precision of over 90%.	Characterizing and Detecting Malicious Accounts in Privacy-Centric Mobile Social Networks: A Case Study	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yozen Liu:Xiaolin Shi:Lucas Pierce:Xiang Ren	While mobile social apps have become increasingly important in people's daily life, we have limited understanding on what motivates users to engage with these apps. In this paper, we answer the question whether users' in-app activity patterns help inform their future app engagement (e.g., active days in a future time window)? Previous studies on predicting user app engagement mainly focus on various macroscopic features (e.g., time-series of activity frequency), while ignoring fine-grained inter-dependencies between different in-app actions at the microscopic level. Here we propose to formalize individual user's in-app action transition patterns as a temporally evolving action graph, and analyze its characteristics in terms of informing future user engagement. Our analysis suggested that action graphs are able to characterize user behavior patterns and inform future engagement. We derive a number of high-order graph features to capture in-app usage patterns and construct interpretable models for predicting trends of engagement changes and active rates. To further enhance predictive power, we design an end-to-end, multi-channel neural model to encode both temporal action graphs, activity sequences, and other macroscopic features. Experiments on predicting user engagement for 150k Snapchat new users over a 28-day period demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed prediction models. The analysis and prediction framework is also deployed at Snapchat to deliver real world business insights. Our proposed framework is also general and can be applied to any online platform.	Characterizing and Forecasting User Engagement with In-App Action Graph: A Case Study of Snapchat	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pan Li:Zhen Qin:Xuanhui Wang:Donald Metzler	Decision Trees (DTs) like LambdaMART have been one of the most effective types of learning-to-rank algorithms in the past decade. They typically work well with hand-crafted dense features (e.g., BM25 scores). Recently, Neural Networks (NNs) have shown impressive results in leveraging sparse and complex features (e.g., query and document keywords) directly when a large amount of training data is available. While there is a large body of work on how to use NNs for semantic matching between queries and documents, relatively less work has been conducted to compare NNs with DTs for general learning-to-rank tasks, where dense features are also available and DTs can achieve state-of-the-art performance. In this paper, we study how to combine DTs and NNs to effectively bring the benefits from both sides in the learning-to-rank setting. Specifically, we focus our study on personal search where clicks are used as the primary labels with unbiased learning-to-rank algorithms and a significantly large amount of training data is easily available. Our combination methods are based on ensemble learning. We design 12 variants and compare them based on two aspects, ranking effectiveness and ease-of-deployment, using two of the largest personal search services: Gmail search and Google Drive search. We show that direct application of existing ensemble methods can not achieve both aspects. We thus design a novel method that uses NNs to compensate DTs via boosting. We show that such a method is not only easier to deploy, but also gives comparable or better ranking accuracy.	Combining Decision Trees and Neural Networks for Learning-to-Rank in Personal Search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chen Zhe:Aixin Sun:Xiaokui Xiao	A large payment network contains millions of merchants and billions of transactions, and the merchants are described in a large number of attributes with incomplete values. Understanding its community structures is crucial to ensure its sustainable and long lasting. Knowing a merchant's community is also important from many applications - risk management, compliance, legal and marketing. To detect communities, an algorithm has to take advances from both attribute and topological information. Further, the method has to be able to handle incomplete and complex attributes. In this paper, we propose a framework named AGGMMR to effectively address the challenges come from scalability, mixed attributes, and incomplete value. We evaluate our proposed framework on four benchmark datasets against five strong baselines. More importantly, we provide a case study of running AGGMMR on a large network from PayPal which contains $100 million$ merchants with $1.5 billion$ transactions. The results demonstrate AGGMMR's effectiveness and practicability.	Community Detection on Large Complex Attribute Network	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ari Kobren:Pablo Barrio:Oksana Yakhnenko:Johann Hibschman:Ian Langmore	Knowledge bases (KBs) are the backbone of many ubiquitous applications and are thus required to exhibit high precision. However, for KBs that store subjective attributes of entities, e.g., whether a movie is kid friendly, simply estimating precision is complicated by the inherent ambiguity in measuring subjective phenomena. In this work, we develop a method for constructing KBs with tunable precision--i.e., KBs that can be made to operate at a specific false positive rate, despite storing both difficult-to-evaluate subjective attributes and more traditional factual attributes. The key to our approach is probabilistically modeling user consensus with respect to each entity-attribute pair, rather than modeling each pair as either True or False. Uncertainty in the model is explicitly represented and used to control the KB's precision. We propose three neural networks for fitting the consensus model and evaluate each one on data from Google Maps--a large KB of locations and their subjective and factual attributes. The results demonstrate that our learned models are well-calibrated and thus can successfully be used to control the KB's precision. Moreover, when constrained to maintain 95% precision, the best consensus model matches the F-score of a baseline that models each entity-attribute pair as a binary variable and does not support tunable precision. When unconstrained, our model dominates the same baseline by 12% F-score. Finally, we perform an empirical analysis of attribute-attribute correlations and show that leveraging them effectively contributes to reduced uncertainty and better performance in attribute prediction.	Constructing High Precision Knowledge Bases with Subjective and Factual Attributes	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jan-Philipp Schulze:Artur Mrowca:Elizabeth Ren:Hans-Andrea Loeliger:Konstantin BÃ¶ttinger	Contextual anomalies arise only under special internal or external stimuli in a system, often making it infeasible to detect them by a rule-based approach. Labelling the underlying problem sources is hard because complex, time-dependent relationships between the inputs arise. We propose a novel unsupervised approach that combines tools from deep learning and signal processing, working in a purely data-driven way. Many systems show a desirable target behaviour which can be used as a proxy quantity removing the need to manually label data. The methodology was evaluated on real-life test car traces in the form of multivariate state message sequences. We successfully identified contextual anomalies during the cars' timeout process along with possible explanations. Novel input encodings allow us to summarise the entire system context including the timing such that more information is available during the decision process.	Context by Proxy: Identifying Contextual Anomalies Using an Output Proxy	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shunsuke Kitada:Hitoshi Iyatomi:Yoshifumi Seki	Accurately predicting conversions in advertisements is generally a challenging task, because such conversions do not occur frequently. In this paper, we propose a new framework to support creating high-performing ad creatives, including the accurate prediction of ad creative text conversions before delivering to the consumer. The proposed framework includes three key ideas: multi-task learning, conditional attention, and attention highlighting. Multi-task learning is an idea for improving the prediction accuracy of conversion, which predicts clicks and conversions simultaneously, to solve the difficulty of data imbalance. Furthermore, conditional attention focuses attention of each ad creative with the consideration of its genre and target gender, thus improving conversion prediction accuracy. Attention highlighting visualizes important words and/or phrases based on conditional attention. We evaluated the proposed framework with actual delivery history data (14,000 creatives displayed more than a certain number of times from Gunosy Inc.), and confirmed that these ideas improve the prediction performance of conversions, and visualize noteworthy words according to the creatives' attributes.	Conversion Prediction Using Multi-task Conditional Attention Networks to Support the Creation of Effective Ad Creatives	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wentao Ouyang:Xiuwu Zhang:Li Li:Heng Zou:Xin Xing:Zhaojie Liu:Yanlong Du	Click-through rate (CTR) prediction is a critical task in online advertising systems. A large body of research considers each ad independently, but ignores its relationship to other ads that may impact the CTR. In this paper, we investigate various types of auxiliary ads for improving the CTR prediction of the target ad. In particular, we explore auxiliary ads from two viewpoints: one is from the spatial domain, where we consider the contextual ads shown above the target ad on the same page; the other is from the temporal domain, where we consider historically clicked and unclicked ads of the user. The intuitions are that ads shown together may influence each other, clicked ads reflect a user's preferences, and unclicked ads may indicate what a user dislikes to certain extent. In order to effectively utilize these auxiliary data, we propose the Deep Spatio-Temporal neural Networks (DSTNs) for CTR prediction. Our model is able to learn the interactions between each type of auxiliary data and the target ad, to emphasize more important hidden information, and to fuse heterogeneous data in a unified framework. Offline experiments on one public dataset and two industrial datasets show that DSTNs outperform several state-of-the-art methods for CTR prediction. We have deployed the best-performing DSTN in Shenma Search, which is the second largest search engine in China. The A/B test results show that the online CTR is also significantly improved compared to our last serving model.	Deep Spatio-Temporal Neural Networks for Click-Through Rate Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bin Wang:Jie Lu:Zheng Yan:Huaishao Luo:Tianrui Li:Yu Zheng:Guangquan Zhang	Weather forecasting is usually solved through numerical weather prediction (NWP), which can sometimes lead to unsatisfactory performance due to inappropriate setting of the initial states. In this paper, we design a data-driven method augmented by an effective information fusion mechanism to learn from historical data that incorporates prior knowledge from NWP. We cast the weather forecasting problem as an end-to-end deep learning problem and solve it by proposing a novel negative log-likelihood error (NLE) loss function. A notable advantage of our proposed method is that it simultaneously implements single-value forecasting and uncertainty quantification, which we refer to as deep uncertainty quantification (DUQ). Efficient deep ensemble strategies are also explored to further improve performance. This new approach was evaluated on a public dataset collected from weather stations in Beijing, China. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed NLE loss significantly improves generalization compared to mean squared error (MSE) loss and mean absolute error (MAE) loss. Compared with NWP, this approach significantly improves accuracy by 47.76%, which is a state-of-the-art result on this benchmark dataset.	Deep Uncertainty Quantification: A Machine Learning Approach for Weather Forecasting	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anthony Sicilia:Konstantinos Pelechrinis:Kirk Goldsberry	Basketball is one of a number of sports which, within the past decade, have seen an explosion in quantitative metrics and methods for evaluating players and teams. However, it is still challenging to evaluate individual off-ball events (e.g., screens, cuts away from the ball etc.) in terms of how they contribute to the success of a possession. In this study, we develop a deep learning framework DeepHoops to process a unique dataset composed of spatio-temporal tracking data from NBA games in order to generate a running stream of predictions on the expected points to be scored as a possession progresses. We frame the problem as a multi-class sequence classification problem in which our model estimates probabilities of terminal actions taken by players (e.g. take field goal, turnover, foul etc.) at each moment of a possession based on a sequence of ball and player court locations preceding the said moment. Each of these terminal actions is associated with an expected point value, which is used to estimate the expected points to be scored. One of the challenges associated with this problem is the high imbalance in the action classes. To solve this problem, we parameterize a downsampling scheme for the training phase. We demonstrate that DeepHoops is well-calibrated, estimating accurately the probabilities of each terminal action and we further showcase the model's capability to evaluate individual actions (potentially off-ball) within a possession that are not captured by boxscore statistics.	DeepHoops: Evaluating Micro-Actions in Basketball Using Deep Feature Representations of Spatio-Temporal Data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephen Lee:Srinivasan Iyengar:Menghong Feng:Prashant Shenoy:Subhransu Maji	Rooftop solar deployments are an excellent source for generating clean energy. As a result, their popularity among homeowners has grown significantly over the years. Unfortunately, estimating the solar potential of a roof requires homeowners to consult solar consultants, who manually evaluate the site. Recently there have been efforts to automatically estimate the solar potential for any roof within a city. However, current methods work only for places where LIDAR data is available, thereby limiting their reach to just a few places in the world. In this paper, we propose DeepRoof, a data-driven approach that uses widely available satellite images to assess the solar potential of a roof. Using satellite images, DeepRoof determines the roof's geometry and leverages publicly available real-estate and solar irradiance data to provide a pixel-level estimate of the solar potential for each planar roof segment. Such estimates can be used to identify ideal locations on the roof for installing solar panels. Further, we evaluate our approach on an annotated roof dataset, validate the results with solar experts and compare it to a LIDAR-based approach. Our results show that DeepRoof can accurately extract the roof geometry such as the planar roof segments and their orientation, achieving a true positive rate of 91.1% in identifying roofs and a low mean orientation error of 9.3 degree. We also show that DeepRoof's median estimate of the available solar installation area is within 11% of a LIDAR-based approach.	DeepRoof: A Data-driven Approach For Solar Potential Estimation Using Rooftop Imagery	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Renhe Jiang:Xuan Song:Dou Huang:Xiaoya Song:Tianqi Xia:Zekun Cai:Zhaonan Wang:Kyoung-Sook Kim:Ryosuke Shibasaki	Event crowd management has been a significant research topic with high social impact. When some big events happen such as an earthquake, typhoon, and national festival, crowd management becomes the first priority for governments (e.g. police) and public service operators (e.g. subway/bus operator) to protect people's safety or maintain the operation of public infrastructures. However, under such event situations, human behavior will become very different from daily routines, which makes prediction of crowd dynamics at big events become highly challenging, especially at a citywide level. Therefore in this study, we aim to extract the deep trend only from the current momentary observations and generate an accurate prediction for the trend in the short future, which is considered to be an effective way to deal with the event situations. Motivated by these, we build an online system called DeepUrbanEvent which can iteratively take citywide crowd dynamics from the current one hour as input and report the prediction results for the next one hour as output. A novel deep learning architecture built with recurrent neural networks is designed to effectively model these highly-complex sequential data in an analogous manner to video prediction tasks. Experimental results demonstrate the superior performance of our proposed methodology to the existing approaches. Lastly, we apply our prototype system to multiple big real-world events and show that it is highly deployable as an online crowd management system.	DeepUrbanEvent: A System for Predicting Citywide Crowd Dynamics at Big Events	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shahroz Tariq:Sangyup Lee:Youjin Shin:Myeong Shin Lee:Okchul Jung:Daewon Chung:Simon S. Woo	Detecting an anomaly is not only important for many terrestrial applications on Earth but also for space applications. Especially, satellite missions are highly risky because unexpected hardware and software failures can occur due to sudden or unforeseen space environment changes. Anomaly detection and spacecraft health monitoring systems have heavily relied on human expertise to investigate whether they are a true anomaly or not. Also, it is practically infeasible to produce labels on data due to the enormous amount of telemetries generated from a satellite. In this work, we propose a data-driven anomaly detection algorithm for Korea Multi-Purpose Satellite 2 (KOMPSAT-2). We develop a Multivariate Convolution LSTM with Mixtures of Probabilistic Principal Component Analyzers, where our approach uses both neural networks and probabilistic clustering to improve the anomaly detection performance. We evaluated our approach with a total of 22 million telemetry samples collected for 10 months from KOMPSAT-2. We also compare our approach with other state-of-the-art approaches. We show that our proposed approach is 35.8% better in precision, and 18.2% better in F-1 score than the best baseline approach. We plan to deploy our algorithm in the second half of 2019 to actually apply real operation of KOMPSAT-2.	Detecting Anomalies in Space using Multivariate Convolutional LSTM with Mixtures of Probabilistic PCA	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anil R. Yelundur:Vineet Chaoji:Bamdev Mishra	Product reviews and ratings on e-commerce websites provide customers with detailed insights about various aspects of the product such as quality, usefulness, etc. Since they influence customers' buying decisions, product reviews have become a fertile ground for abuse by sellers (colluding with reviewers) to promote their own products or to tarnish the reputation of competitor's products. In this paper, our focus is on detecting such abusive entities (both sellers and reviewers) by applying tensor decomposition on the product reviews data. While tensor decomposition is mostly unsupervised, we formulate our problem as a semi-supervised binary multi-target tensor decomposition, to take advantage of currently known abusive entities. We empirically show that our multi-target semi-supervised model achieves higher precision and recall in detecting abusive entities as compared to unsupervised techniques. Finally, we show that our proposed stochastic partial natural gradient inference for our model empirically achieves faster convergence than stochastic gradient and Online-EM with sufficient statistics.	Detection of Review Abuse via Semi-Supervised Binary Multi-Target Tensor Decomposition	NA:NA:NA	2018
Richard Chen:Filip Jankovic:Nikki Marinsek:Luca Foschini:Lampros Kourtis:Alessio Signorini:Melissa Pugh:Jie Shen:Roy Yaari:Vera Maljkovic:Marc Sunga:Han Hee Song:Hyun Joon Jung:Belle Tseng:Andrew Trister	The ubiquity and remarkable technological progress of wearable consumer devices and mobile-computing platforms (smart phone, smart watch, tablet), along with the multitude of sensor modalities available, have enabled continuous monitoring of patients and their daily activities. Such rich, longitudinal information can be mined for physiological and behavioral signatures of cognitive impairment and provide new avenues for detecting MCI in a timely and cost-effective manner. In this work, we present a platform for remote and unobtrusive monitoring of symptoms related to cognitive impairment using several consumer-grade smart devices. We demonstrate how the platform has been used to collect a total of 16TB of data during the Lilly Exploratory Digital Assessment Study, a 12-week feasibility study which monitored 31 people with cognitive impairment and 82 without cognitive impairment in free living conditions. We describe how careful data unification, time-alignment, and imputation techniques can handle missing data rates inherent in real-world settings and ultimately show utility of these disparate data in differentiating symptomatics from healthy controls based on features computed purely from device data.	Developing Measures of Cognitive Impairment in the Real World from Consumer-Grade Multimodal Sensor Streams	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aleksander Fabijan:Jayant Gupchup:Somit Gupta:Jeff Omhover:Wen Qin:Lukas Vermeer:Pavel Dmitriev	Accurately learning what delivers value to customers is difficult. Online Controlled Experiments (OCEs), aka A/B tests, are becoming a standard operating procedure in software companies to address this challenge as they can detect small causal changes in user behavior due to product modifications (e.g. new features). However, like any data analysis method, OCEs are sensitive to trustworthiness and data quality issues which, if go unaddressed or unnoticed, may result in making wrong decisions. One of the most useful indicators of a variety of data quality issues is a Sample Ratio Mismatch (SRM) ? the situation when the observed sample ratio in the experiment is different from the expected. Just like fever is a symptom for multiple types of illness, an SRM is a symptom for a variety of data quality issues. While a simple statistical check is used to detect an SRM, correctly identifying the root cause and preventing it from happening in the future is often extremely challenging and time consuming. Ignoring the SRM without knowing the root cause may result in a bad product modification appearing to be good and getting shipped to users, or vice versa. The goal of this paper is to make diagnosing, fixing, and preventing SRMs easier. Based on our experience of running OCEs in four different software companies in over 25 different products used by hundreds of millions of users worldwide, we have derived a taxonomy for different types of SRMs. We share examples, detection guidelines, and best practices for preventing SRMs of each type. We hope that the lessons and practical tips we describe in this paper will speed up SRM investigations and prevent some of them. Ultimately, this should lead to improved decision making based on trustworthy experiment analysis.	Diagnosing Sample Ratio Mismatch in Online Controlled Experiments: A Taxonomy and Rules of Thumb for Practitioners	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chuan Qin:Hengshu Zhu:Chen Zhu:Tong Xu:Fuzhen Zhuang:Chao Ma:Jingshuai Zhang:Hui Xiong	In talent recruitment, the job interview aims at selecting the right candidates for the right jobs through assessing their skills and experiences in relation to the job positions. While tremendous efforts have been made in improving job interviews, a long-standing challenge is how to design appropriate interview questions for comprehensively assessing the competencies that may be deemed relevant and representative for person-job fit. To this end, in this research, we focus on the development of a personalized question recommender system, namely DuerQuiz, for enhancing the job interview assessment. DuerQuiz is a fully deployed system, in which a knowledge graph of job skills, Skill-Graph, has been built for comprehensively modeling the relevant competencies that should be assessed in the job interview. Specifically, we first develop a novel skill entity extraction approach based on a bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) with a Conditional Random Field (CRF) layer (LSTM-CRF) neural network enhanced with adapted gate mechanism. In particular, to improve the reliability of extracted skill entities, we design a label propagation method based on more than 10 billion click-through data from the large-scale Baidu query logs. Furthermore, we discover the hypernym-hyponym relations between skill entities and construct the Skill-Graph by leveraging the classifier trained with extensive contextual features. Finally, we design a personalized question recommendation algorithm based on the Skill-Graph for improving the efficiency and effectiveness of job interview assessment. Extensive experiments on real-world recruitment data clearly validate the effectiveness of DuerQuiz, which had been deployed for generating written exercises in the 2018 Baidu campus recruitment event and received remarkable performances in terms of efficiency and effectiveness for selecting outstanding talents compared with a traditional non-personalized human-only assessment approach.	DuerQuiz: A Personalized Question Recommender System for Intelligent Job Interview	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Naman Shukla:ArinbjÃ¶rn Kolbeinsson:Ken Otwell:Lavanya Marla:Kartik Yellepeddi	Ancillaries have become a major source of revenue and profitability in the travel industry. Yet, conventional pricing strategies are based on business rules that are poorly optimized and do not respond to changing market conditions. This paper describes the dynamic pricing model developed by Deepair solutions, an AI technology provider for travel suppliers. We present a pricing model that provides dynamic pricing recommendations specific to each customer interaction and optimizes expected revenue per customer. The unique nature of personalized pricing provides the opportunity to search over the market space to find the optimal price-point of each ancillary for each customer, without violating customer privacy. In this paper, we present and compare three approaches for dynamic pricing of ancillaries, with increasing levels of sophistication: (1) a two-stage forecasting and optimization model using a logistic mapping function; (2) a two-stage model that uses a deep neural network for forecasting, coupled with a revenue maximization technique using discrete exhaustive search; (3) a single-stage end-to-end deep neural network that recommends the optimal price. We describe the performance of these models based on both offline and online evaluations. We also measure the real-world business impact of these approaches by deploying them in an A/B test on an airline's internet booking website. We show that traditional machine learning techniques outperform human rule-based approaches in an online setting by improving conversion by 36% and revenue per offer by 10%. We also provide results for our offline experiments which show that deep learning algorithms outperform traditional machine learning techniques for this problem. Our end-to-end deep learning model is currently being deployed by the airline in their booking system.	Dynamic Pricing for Airline Ancillaries with Customer Context	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dmitrii Babaev:Maxim Savchenko:Alexander Tuzhilin:Dmitrii Umerenkov	In this paper we present a novel approach to credit scoring of retail customers in the banking industry based on deep learning methods. We used RNNs on fine grained transnational data to compute credit scores for the loan applicants. We demonstrate that our approach significantly outperforms the baselines based on the customer data of a large European bank. We also conducted a pilot study on loan applicants of the bank, and the study produced significant financial gains for the organization. In addition, our method has several other advantages described in the paper that are very significant for the bank.	E.T.-RNN: Applying Deep Learning to Credit Loan Applications	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kiri L. Wagstaff:Gary Doran:Ashley Davies:Saadat Anwar:Srija Chakraborty:Marissa Cameron:Ingrid Daubar:Cynthia Phillips	Data analysis and machine learning methods have great potential to aid in planetary exploration. Spacecraft often operate at great distances from the Earth, and the ability to autonomously detect features of interest onboard can enable content-sensitive downlink prioritization to increase mission science return. We describe algorithms that we designed to assist in three specific scientific investigations to be conducted during flybys of Jupiter's moon Europa: the detection of thermal anomalies, compositional anomalies, and plumes of icy matter from Europa's subsurface ocean. We also share the unique constraints imposed by the onboard computing environment and several lessons learned in our collaboration with planetary scientists and mission designers.	Enabling Onboard Detection of Events of Scientific Interest for the Europa Clipper Spacecraft	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Laurence Yang:Michael A. Saunders:Jean-Christophe Lachance:Bernhard O. Palsson:JosÃ© Bento	Optimization-based models have been used to predict cellular behavior for over 25 years. The constraints in these models are derived from genome annotations, measured macromolecular composition of cells, and by measuring the cell's growth rate and metabolism in different conditions. The cellular goal (the optimization problem that the cell is trying to solve) can be challenging to derive experimentally for many organisms, including human or mammalian cells, which have complex metabolic capabilities and are not well understood. Existing approaches to learning goals from data include (a) estimating a linear objective function, or (b) estimating linear constraints that model complex biochemical reactions and constrain the cell's operation. The latter approach is important because often the known reactions are not enough to explain observations; therefore, there is a need to extend automatically the model complexity by learning new reactions. However, this leads to nonconvex optimization problems, and existing tools cannot scale to realistically large metabolic models. Hence, constraint estimation is still used sparingly despite its benefits for modeling cell metabolism, which is important for developing novel antimicrobials against pathogens, discovering cancer drug targets, and producing value-added chemicals. Here, we develop the first approach to estimating constraint reactions from data that can scale to realistically large metabolic models. Previous tools were used on problems having less than 75 reactions and 60 metabolites, which limits real-life-size applications. We perform extensive experiments using 75 large-scale metabolic network models for different organisms (including bacteria, yeasts, and mammals) and show that our algorithm can recover cellular constraint reactions. The recovered constraints enable accurate prediction of metabolic states in hundreds of growth environments not seen in training data, and we recover useful cellular goals even when some measurements are missing.	Estimating Cellular Goals from High-Dimensional Biological Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alex Beutel:Jilin Chen:Tulsee Doshi:Hai Qian:Li Wei:Yi Wu:Lukasz Heldt:Zhe Zhao:Lichan Hong:Ed H. Chi:Cristos Goodrow	Recommender systems are one of the most pervasive applications of machine learning in industry, with many services using them to match users to products or information. As such it is important to ask: what are the possible fairness risks, how can we quantify them, and how should we address them? In this paper we offer a set of novel metrics for evaluating algorithmic fairness concerns in recommender systems. In particular we show how measuring fairness based on pairwise comparisons from randomized experiments provides a tractable means to reason about fairness in rankings from recommender systems. Building on this metric, we offer a new regularizer to encourage improving this metric during model training and thus improve fairness in the resulting rankings. We apply this pairwise regularization to a large-scale, production recommender system and show that we are able to significantly improve the system's pairwise fairness.	Fairness in Recommendation Ranking through Pairwise Comparisons	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sahin Cem Geyik:Stuart Ambler:Krishnaram Kenthapadi	We present a framework for quantifying and mitigating algorithmic bias in mechanisms designed for ranking individuals, typically used as part of web-scale search and recommendation systems. We first propose complementary measures to quantify bias with respect to protected attributes such as gender and age. We then present algorithms for computing fairness-aware re-ranking of results. For a given search or recommendation task, our algorithms seek to achieve a desired distribution of top ranked results with respect to one or more protected attributes. We show that such a framework can be tailored to achieve fairness criteria such as equality of opportunity and demographic parity depending on the choice of the desired distribution. We evaluate the proposed algorithms via extensive simulations over different parameter choices, and study the effect of fairness-aware ranking on both bias and utility measures. We finally present the online A/B testing results from applying our framework towards representative ranking in LinkedIn Talent Search, and discuss the lessons learned in practice. Our approach resulted in tremendous improvement in the fairness metrics (nearly three fold increase in the number of search queries with representative results) without affecting the business metrics, which paved the way for deployment to 100% of LinkedIn Recruiter users worldwide. Ours is the first large-scale deployed framework for ensuring fairness in the hiring domain, with the potential positive impact for more than 630M LinkedIn members.	Fairness-Aware Ranking in Search & Recommendation Systems with Application to LinkedIn Talent Search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yaochen Hu:Di Niu:Jianming Yang:Shengping Zhou	Most current distributed machine learning systems try to scale up model training by using a data-parallel architecture that divides the computation for different samples among workers. We study distributed machine learning from a different motivation, where the information about the same samples, e.g., users and objects, are owned by several parities that wish to collaborate but do not want to share raw data with each other. We propose an asynchronous stochastic gradient descent (SGD) algorithm for such a feature distributed machine learning (FDML) problem, to jointly learn from distributed features, with theoretical convergence guarantees under bounded asynchrony. Our algorithm does not require sharing the original features or even local model parameters between parties, thus preserving the data locality. The system can also easily incorporate differential privacy mechanisms to preserve a higher level of privacy. We implement the FDML system in a parameter server architecture and compare our system with fully centralized learning (which violates data locality) and learning based on only local features, through extensive experiments performed on both a public data set a9a, and a large dataset of 5,000,000 records and 8700 decentralized features from three collaborating apps at Tencent including Tencent MyApp, Tecent QQ Browser and Tencent Mobile Safeguard. Experimental results have demonstrated that the proposed FDML system can be used to significantly enhance app recommendation in Tencent MyApp by leveraging user and item features from other apps, while preserving the locality and privacy of features in each individual app to a high degree.	FDML: A Collaborative Machine Learning Framework for Distributed Features	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ye Tu:Chun Lo:Yiping Yuan:Shaunak Chatterjee	Social media platforms bring together content creators and content consumers through recommender systems like newsfeed. The focus of such recommender systems has thus far been primarily on modeling the content consumer preferences and optimizing for their experience. However, it is equally critical to nurture content creation by prioritizing the creators' interests, as quality content forms the seed for sustainable engagement and conversations, bringing in new consumers while retaining existing ones. In this work, we propose a modeling approach to predict how feedback from content consumers incentivizes creators. We then leverage this model to optimize the newsfeed experience for content creators by reshaping the feedback distribution, leading to a more active content ecosystem. Practically, we discuss how we balance the user experience for both consumers and creators, and how we carry out online A/B tests with strong network effects. We present a deployed use case on the LinkedIn newsfeed, where we used this approach to improve content creation significantly without compromising the consumers' experience.	Feedback Shaping: A Modeling Approach to Nurture Content Creation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephanie deWet:Jiafan Ou	Audience Look-alike Targeting is an online advertising technique in which an advertiser specifies a set of seed customers and tasks the advertising platform with finding an expanded audience of similar users. We will describe a two-stage embedding-based audience expansion model that is deployed in production at Pinterest. For the first stage we trained a global user embedding model on sitewide user activity logs. In the second stage, we use transfer learning and statistical techniques to create lightweight seed list representations in the embedding space for each advertiser. We create a (user, seed list) affinity scoring function that makes use of these lightweight advertiser representations. We describe the end-to-end system that computes and serves this model at scale. Finally, we propose an ensemble approach that combines single-advertiser classifiers with the embedding-based technique. We show offline evaluation and online experiments to prove that the expanded audience generated by the ensemble model has the best results for all seed list sizes.	Finding Users Who Act Alike: Transfer Learning for Expanding Advertiser Audiences	NA:NA	2018
Doyen Sahoo:Wang Hao:Shu Ke:Wu Xiongwei:Hung Le:Palakorn Achananuparp:Ee-Peng Lim:Steven C. H. Hoi	An important aspect of health monitoring is effective logging of food consumption. This can help management of diet-related diseases like obesity, diabetes, and even cardiovascular diseases. Moreover, food logging can help fitness enthusiasts, and people who wanting to achieve a target weight. However, food-logging is cumbersome, and requires not only taking additional effort to note down the food item consumed regularly, but also sufficient knowledge of the food item consumed (which is difficult due to the availability of a wide variety of cuisines). With increasing reliance on smart devices, we exploit the convenience offered through the use of smart phones and propose a smart-food logging system: FoodAI, which offers state-of-the-art deep-learning based image recognition capabilities. FoodAI has been developed in Singapore and is particularly focused on food items commonly consumed in Singapore. FoodAI models were trained on a corpus of 400,000 food images from 756 different classes. In this paper we present extensive analysis and insights into the development of this system. FoodAI has been deployed as an API service and is one of the components powering Healthy 365, a mobile app developed by Singapore's Heath Promotion Board. We have over 100 registered organizations (universities, companies, start-ups) subscribing to this service and actively receive several API requests a day. FoodAI has made food logging convenient, aiding smart consumption and a healthy lifestyle.	FoodAI: Food Image Recognition via Deep Learning for Smart Food Logging	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
J. Weston Hughes:Keng-hao Chang:Ruofei Zhang	Deep Reinforcement Learning has been applied in a number of fields to directly optimize non-differentiable reward functions, including in sequence to sequence settings using Self Critical Sequence Training (SCST). Previously, SCST has primarily been applied to bring conditional language models closer to the distribution of their training set, as in traditional neural machine translation and abstractive summarization. We frame the generation of search engine text ads as a sequence to sequence problem, and consider two related goals: to generate ads similar to those a human would write, and to generate ads with high click-through rates. We jointly train a model to minimize cross-entropy on an existing corpus of Landing Page/Text Ad pairs using typical sequence to sequence training techniques while also optimizing the expected click-through rate (CTR) as predicted by an existing oracle model using SCST. Through joint training we achieve a 6.7% increase in expected CTR without a meaningful drop in ROUGE score. Human experiments demonstrate that SCST training produces significantly more attractive ads without reducing grammatical quality.	Generating Better Search Engine Text Advertisements with Deep Reinforcement Learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuhui Zheng:Linchuan Xu:Taichi Kiwaki:Jing Wang:Hiroshi Murata:Ryo Asaoka:Kenji Yamanishi	Prediction of glaucomatous visual field loss has significant clinical benefits because it can help with early detection of glaucoma as well as decision-making for treatments. Glaucomatous visual loss is conventionally captured through visual field sensitivity (VF ) measurement, which is costly and time-consuming. Thus, existing approaches mainly predict future VF utilizing limited VF data collected in the past. Recently, optical coherence tomography (OCT) has been adopted to measure retinal layers thickness (RT ) for considerably more low-cost treatment assistance. There then arises an important question in the context of ophthalmology: are RT measurements beneficial for VF prediction? In this paper, we propose a novel method to demonstrate the benefits provided by RT measurements. The challenge is management of the two heterogeneities of VF data and RT data as RT data are collected according to different clinical schedules and lie in a different space to VF data. To tackle these heterogeneities, we propose latent progression patterns (LPPs), a novel type of representations for glaucoma progression. Along with LPPs, we propose a method to transform VF series to an LPP based on matrix factorization and a method to transform RT series to an LPP based on deep neural networks. Partial VF and RT information is integrated in LPPs to provide accurate prediction. The proposed framework is named deeply-regularized latent-space linear regression (\em DLLR). We empirically demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art technique by 12% for the best case in terms of the mean of the root mean square error on a real dataset.	Glaucoma Progression Prediction Using Retinal Thickness via Latent Space Linear Regression	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mia Xu Chen:Benjamin N. Lee:Gagan Bansal:Yuan Cao:Shuyuan Zhang:Justin Lu:Jackie Tsay:Yinan Wang:Andrew M. Dai:Zhifeng Chen:Timothy Sohn:Yonghui Wu	In this paper, we present Smart Compose, a novel system for generating interactive, real-time suggestions in Gmail that assists users in writing mails by reducing repetitive typing. In the design and deployment of such a large-scale and complicated system, we faced several challenges including model selection, performance evaluation, serving and other practical issues. At the core of Smart Compose is a large-scale neural language model. We leveraged state-of-the-art machine learning techniques for language model training which enabled high-quality suggestion prediction, and constructed novel serving infrastructure for high-throughput and real-time inference. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our proposed system design and deployment approach. This system is currently being served in Gmail.	Gmail Smart Compose: Real-Time Assisted Writing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Neha Arora:James Cook:Ravi Kumar:Ivan Kuznetsov:Yechen Li:Huai-Jen Liang:Andrew Miller:Andrew Tomkins:Iveel Tsogsuren:Yi Wang	In this paper we consider the problem of estimating the difficulty of parking at a particular time and place; this problem is a critical sub-component for any system providing parking assistance to users. We describe an approach to this problem that is currently in production in Google Maps, providing inferences in cities across the world. We present a wide range of features intended to capture different aspects of parking difficulty and study their effectiveness both alone and in combination. We also evaluate various model architectures for the prediction problem. Finally, we present challenges faced in estimating parking difficulty in different regions of the world, and the approaches we have taken to address them.	Hard to Park?: Estimating Parking Difficulty at Scale	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shanshan Zhang:Lihong He:Eduard Dragut:Slobodan Vucetic	Recognizing entities that follow or closely resemble a regular expression (regex) pattern is an important task in information extraction. Common approaches for extraction of such entities require humans to either write a regex recognizing an entity or manually label entity mentions in a document corpus. While human effort is critical to build an entity recognition model, surprisingly little is known about how to best invest that effort given a limited time budget. To get an answer, we consider an iterative human-in-the-loop (HIL) framework that allows users to write a regex or manually label entity mentions, followed by training and refining a classifier based on the provided information. We demonstrate on 5 entity recognition tasks that classification accuracy improves over time with either approach. When a user is allowed to choose between regex construction and manual labeling, we discover that (1) if the time budget is low, spending all time for regex construction is often advantageous, (2) if the time budget is high, spending all time for manual labeling seems to be superior, and (3) between those two extremes, writing regexes followed by manual labeling is typically the best approach. Our code and data is available at https://github.com/nymph332088/HILRecognizer.	How to Invest my Time: Lessons from Human-in-the-Loop Entity Extraction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Liu:Yongxin Tong:Panpan Zhang:Xinjiang Lu:Jianguo Duan:Hui Xiong	Transportation recommendation is one important map service in navigation applications. Previous transportation recommendation solutions fail to deliver satisfactory user experience because their recommendations only consider routes in one transportation mode (uni-modal, e.g., taxi, bus, cycle) and largely overlook situational context. In this work, we propose Hydra, a recommendation system that offers multi-modal transportation planning and is adaptive to various situational context (e.g., nearby point-of-interest (POI) distribution and weather). We leverage the availability of existing routing engines and big urban data, and design a novel two-level framework that integrates uni-modal and multi-modal (e.g., taxi-bus, bus-cycle) routes as well as heterogeneous urban data for intelligent multi-modal transportation recommendation. In addition to urban context features constructed from multi-source urban data, we learn the latent representations of users, origin-destination (OD) pairs and transportation modes based on user implicit feedbacks, which captures the collaborative transportation mode preferences of users and OD pairs. A gradient boosting tree based model is then introduced to recommend the proper route among various uni-modal and multi-modal transportation routes. We also optimize the framework to support real-time, large-scale route query and recommendation. We deploy Hydra on Baidu Maps, one of the world's largest map services. Real-world urban-scale experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed system. Since its deployment in August 2018, Hydra has answered over a hundred million route recommendation queries made by over ten million distinct users with 82.8% relative improvement of user click ratio.	Hydra: A Personalized and Context-Aware Multi-Modal Transportation Recommendation System	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jessica Hwang:Paulo Orenstein:Judah Cohen:Karl Pfeiffer:Lester Mackey	Water managers in the western United States (U.S.) rely on longterm forecasts of temperature and precipitation to prepare for droughts and other wet weather extremes. To improve the accuracy of these longterm forecasts, the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) launched the Subseasonal Climate Forecast Rodeo, a year-long real-time forecasting challenge in which participants aimed to skillfully predict temperature and precipitation in the western U.S. two to four weeks and four to six weeks in advance. Here we present and evaluate our machine learning approach to the Rodeo and release our SubseasonalRodeo dataset, collected to train and evaluate our forecasting system. Our system is an ensemble of two nonlinear regression models. The first integrates the diverse collection of meteorological measurements and dynamic model forecasts in the SubseasonalRodeo dataset and prunes irrelevant predictors using a customized multitask feature selection procedure. The second uses only historical measurements of the target variable (temperature or precipitation) and introduces multitask nearest neighbor features into a weighted local linear regression. Each model alone is significantly more accurate than the debiased operational U.S. Climate Forecasting System (CFSv2), and our ensemble skill exceeds that of the top Rodeo competitor for each target variable and forecast horizon. Moreover, over 2011-2018, an ensemble of our regression models and debiased CFSv2 improves debiased CFSv2 skill by 40-50% for temperature and 129-169% for precipitation. We hope that both our dataset and our methods will help to advance the state of the art in subseasonal forecasting.	Improving Subseasonal Forecasting in the Western U.S. with Machine Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xichen Ding:Jie Tang:Tracy Liu:Cheng Xu:Yaping Zhang:Feng Shi:Qixia Jiang:Dan Shen	Understanding users' context is essential for successful recommendations, especially for Online-to-Offline (O2O) recommendation, such as Yelp, Groupon, and Koubei. Different from traditional recommendation where individual preference is mostly static, O2O recommendation should be dynamic to capture variation of users' purposes across time and location. However, precisely inferring users' real-time contexts information, especially those implicit ones, is extremely difficult, and it is a central challenge for O2O recommendation. In this paper, we propose a new approach, called Mixture Attentional Constrained Denoise AutoEncoder (MACDAE), to infer implicit contexts and consequently, to improve the quality of real-time O2O recommendation. In MACDAE, we first leverage the interaction among users, items, and explicit contexts to infer users' implicit contexts, then combine the learned implicit-context representation into an end-to-end model to make the recommendation. MACDAE works quite well in the real system. We conducted both offline and online evaluations of the proposed approach. Experiments on several real-world datasets (Yelp, Dianping, and Koubei) show our approach could achieve significant improvements over state-of-the-arts. Furthermore, online A/B test suggests a 2.9% increase for click-through rate and 5.6% improvement for conversion rate in real-world traffic. Our model has been deployed in the product of "Guess You Like" recommendation in Koubei.	Infer Implicit Contexts in Real-time Online-to-Offline Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jun Zhao:Zhou Zhou:Ziyu Guan:Wei Zhao:Wei Ning:Guang Qiu:Xiaofei He	The remarkable progress of network embedding has led to state-of-the-art algorithms in recommendation. However, the sparsity of user-item interactions (i.e., explicit preferences) on websites remains a big challenge for predicting users' behaviors. Although research efforts have been made in utilizing some auxiliary information (e.g., social relations between users) to solve the problem, the existing rich heterogeneous auxiliary relationships are still not fully exploited. Moreover, previous works relied on linearly combined regularizers and suffered parameter tuning. In this work, we collect abundant relationships from common user behaviors and item information, and propose a novel framework named IntentGC to leverage both explicit preferences and heterogeneous relationships by graph convolutional networks. In addition to the capability of modeling heterogeneity, IntentGC can learn the importance of different relationships automatically by the neural model in a nonlinear sense. To apply IntentGC to web-scale applications, we design a faster graph convolutional model named IntentNet by avoiding unnecessary feature interactions. Empirical experiments on two large-scale real-world datasets and online A/B tests in Alibaba demonstrate the superiority of our method over state-of-the-art algorithms. We also release the source code of our work at https://github.com/peter14121/intentgc-models.	IntentGC: A Scalable Graph Convolution Framework Fusing Heterogeneous Information for Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rupesh Gupta:Guangde Chen:Shipeng Yu	Most large Internet companies run internal promotions to cross-promote their different products and/or to educate members on how to obtain additional value from the products that they already use. This in turn drives engagement and/or revenue for the company. However, since these internal promotions can distract a member away from the product or page where these are shown, there is a non-zero cannibalization loss incurred for showing these internal promotions. This loss has to be carefully weighed against the gain from showing internal promotions. This can be a complex problem if different internal promotions optimize for different objectives. In that case, it is difficult to compare not just the gain from a conversion through an internal promotion against the loss incurred for showing that internal promotion, but also the gains from conversions through different internal promotions. Hence, we need a principled approach for deciding which internal promotion (if any) to serve to a member in each opportunity to serve an internal promotion. This approach should optimize not just for the net gain to the company, but also for the member's experience. In this paper, we discuss our approach for optimization of internal promotions at LinkedIn. In particular, we present a cost-benefit analysis of showing internal promotions, our formulation of internal promotion optimization as a constrained optimization problem, the architecture of the system for solving the optimization problem and serving internal promotions in real-time, and experimental results from online A/B tests.	Internal Promotion Optimization	NA:NA:NA	2018
John Lu:Sumati Sridhar:Ritika Pandey:Mohammad Al Hasan:Georege Mohler	Increasing rates of opioid drug abuse and heightened prevalence of online support communities underscore the necessity of employing data mining techniques to better understand drug addiction using these rapidly developing online resources. In this work, we obtained data from Reddit, an online collection of forums, to gather insight into drug use/misuse using text snippets from users narratives. Specifically, using users' posts, we trained a binary classifier which predicts a user's transitions from casual drug discussion forums to drug recovery forums. We also proposed a Cox regression model that outputs likelihoods of such transitions. In doing so, we found that utterances of select drugs and certain linguistic features contained in one's posts can help predict these transitions. Using unfiltered drug-related posts, our research delineates drugs that are associated with higher rates of transitions from recreational drug discussion to support/recovery discussion, offers insight into modern drug culture, and provides tools with potential applications in combating the opioid crisis.	Investigate Transitions into Drug Addiction through Text Mining of Reddit Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chi Chen:Li Zhao:Jiang Bian:Chunxiao Xing:Tie-Yan Liu	Stock trend prediction, aiming at predicting future price trend of stocks, plays a key role in seeking maximized profit from the stock investment. Recent years have witnessed increasing efforts in applying machine learning techniques, especially deep learning, to pursue more promising stock prediction. While deep learning has given rise to significant improvement, human investors still retain the leading position due to their understanding on stock intrinsic properties, which can imply invaluable principles for stock prediction. In this paper, we propose to extract and explore stock intrinsic properties to enhance stock trend prediction. Fortunately, we discover that the repositories of investment behaviors within mutual fund portfolio data form up a gold mine to extract latent representations of stock properties, since such collective investment behaviors can reflect the professional fund managers' common beliefs on stock intrinsic properties. Powered by extracted stock properties, we further propose to model the dynamic market state and trend using stock representations so as to generate the dynamic correlation between the stock and the market, and then we aggregate such correlation with dynamic stock indicators to achieve more accurate stock prediction. Extensive experiments on real-world stock market data demonstrate the effectiveness of stock properties extracted from collective investment behaviors in the task of stock prediction.	Investment Behaviors Can Tell What Inside: Exploring Stock Intrinsic Properties for Stock Trend Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dipendra Jha:Logan Ward:Zijiang Yang:Christopher Wolverton:Ian Foster:Wei-keng Liao:Alok Choudhary:Ankit Agrawal	Materials discovery is crucial for making scientific advances in many domains. Collections of data from experiments and first-principle computations have spurred interest in applying machine learning methods to create predictive models capable of mapping from composition and crystal structures to materials properties. Generally, these are regression problems with the input being a 1D vector composed of numerical attributes representing the material composition and/or crystal structure. While neural networks consisting of fully connected layers have been applied to such problems, their performance often suffers from the vanishing gradient problem when network depth is increased. Hence, predictive modeling for such tasks has been mainly limited to traditional machine learning techniques such as Random Forest. In this paper, we study and propose design principles for building deep regression networks composed of fully connected layers with numerical vectors as input. We introduce a novel deep regression network with individual residual learning, IRNet, that places shortcut connections after each layer so that each layer learns the residual mapping between its output and input. We use the problem of learning properties of inorganic materials from numerical attributes derived from material composition and/or crystal structure to compare IRNet's performance against that of other machine learning techniques. Using multiple datasets from the Open Quantum Materials Database (OQMD) and Materials Project for training and evaluation, we show that IRNet provides significantly better prediction performance than the state-of-the-art machine learning approaches currently used by domain scientists. We also show that IRNet's use of individual residual learning leads to better convergence during the training phase than when shortcut connections are between multi-layer stacks while maintaining the same number of parameters.	IRNet: A General Purpose Deep Residual Regression Framework for Materials Discovery	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Seong Jae Hwang:Joonseok Lee:Balakrishnan Varadarajan:Ariel Gordon:Zheng Xu:Apostol (Paul) Natsev	Video is one of the richest sources of information available online but extracting deep insights from video content at internet scale is still an open problem, both in terms of depth and breadth of understanding, as well as scale. Over the last few years, the field of video understanding has made great strides due to the availability of large-scale video datasets and core advances in image, audio, and video modeling architectures. However, the state-of-the-art architectures on small scale datasets are frequently impractical to deploy at internet scale, both in terms of the ability to train such deep networks on hundreds of millions of videos, and to deploy them for inference on billions of videos. In this paper, we present a MapReduce-based training framework, which exploits both data parallelism and model parallelism to scale training of complex video models. The proposed framework uses alternating optimization and full-batch fine-tuning, and supports large Mixture-of-Experts classifiers with hundreds of thousands of mixtures, which enables a trade-off between model depth and breadth, and the ability to shift model capacity between shared (generalization) layers and per-class (specialization) layers. We demonstrate that the proposed framework is able to reach state-of-the-art performance on the largest public video datasets, YouTube-8M and Sports-1M, and can scale to 100 times larger datasets.	Large-Scale Training Framework for Video Annotation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaoyang Ma:Lan Zhang:Lan Xu:Zhicheng Liu:Ge Chen:Zhili Xiao:Yang Wang:Zhengtao Wu	Understanding and forecasting user visits is of great importance for a variety of tasks, e.g., online advertising, which is one of the most profitable business models for Internet services. Publishers sell advertising spaces in advance with user visit volume and attributes guarantees. There are usually tens of thousands of attribute combinations in an online advertising system. The key problem is how to accurately forecast the number of user visits for each attribute combination. Many traditional work characterizing temporal trends of every single time series are quite inefficient for large-scale time series. Recently, a number of models based on deep learning or matrix factorization have been proposed for high-dimensional time series forecasting. However, most of them neglect correlations among attribute combinations, or are tailored for specific applications, resulting in poor adaptability for different business scenarios.Besides, sophisticated deep learning models usually cause high time and space complexity. There is still a lack of an efficient highly scalable and adaptable solution for accurate high-dimensional time series forecasting. To address this issue, in this work, we conduct a thorough analysis on large-scale user visits data and propose a novel deep spatial-temporal tensor factorization framework, which provides a general design for high-dimensional time series forecasting. We deployed the proposed framework in Tencent online guaranteed delivery advertising system, and extensively evaluated the effectiveness and efficiency of the framework in two different large-scale application scenarios. The results show that our framework outperforms existing methods in prediction accuracy. Meanwhile, it significantly reduces the parameter number and is resistant to incomplete data with up to 20% missing values.	Large-scale User Visits Understanding and Forecasting with Deep Spatial-Temporal Tensor Factorization Framework	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Zhai:Hao-Yu Wu:Eric Tzeng:Dong Huk Park:Charles Rosenberg	At Pinterest, we utilize image embeddings throughout our search and recommendation systems to help our users navigate through visual content by powering experiences like browsing of related content and searching for exact products for shopping. In this work we describe a multi-task deep metric learning system to learn a single unified image embedding which can be used to power our multiple visual search products. The solution we present not only allows us to train for multiple application objectives in a single deep neural network architecture, but takes advantage of correlated information in the combination of all training data from each application to generate a unified embedding that outperforms all specialized embeddings previously deployed for each product. We discuss the challenges of handling images from different domains such as camera photos, high quality web images, and clean product catalog images. We also detail how to jointly train for multiple product objectives and how to leverage both engagement data and human labeled data. In addition, our trained embeddings can also be binarized for efficient storage and retrieval without compromising precision and recall. Through comprehensive evaluations on offline metrics, user studies, and online A/B experiments, we demonstrate that our proposed unified embedding improves both relevance and engagement of our visual search products for both browsing and searching purposes when compared to existing specialized embeddings. Finally, the deployment of the unified embedding at Pinterest has drastically reduced the operation and engineering cost of maintaining multiple embeddings while improving quality.	Learning a Unified Embedding for Visual Search at Pinterest	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sungkyu Park:Cheng-Te Li:Sungwon Han:Cheng Hsu:Sang Won Lee:Meeyoung Cha	Precision psychiatry is a new research field that uses advanced data mining over a wide range of neural, behavioral, psychological, and physiological data sources for classification of mental health conditions. This study presents a computational framework for predicting sleep efficiency of insomnia sufferers. A smart band experiment is conducted to collect heterogeneous data, including sleep records, daily activities, and demographics, whose missing values are imputed via Improved Generative Adversarial Imputation Networks (Imp-GAIN). Equipped with the imputed data, we predict sleep efficiency of individual users with a proposed interpretable LSTM-Attention (LA Block) neural network model. We also propose a model, Pairwise Learning-based Ranking Generation (PLRG), to rank users with high insomnia potential in the next day. We discuss implications of our findings from the perspective of a psychiatric practitioner. Our computational framework can be used for other applications that analyze and handle noisy and incomplete time-series human activity data in the domain of precision psychiatry.	Learning Sleep Quality from Daily Logs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jackson A. Killian:Bryan Wilder:Amit Sharma:Vinod Choudhary:Bistra Dilkina:Milind Tambe	Digital Adherence Technologies (DATs) are an increasingly popular method for verifying patient adherence to many medications. We analyze data from one city served by 99DOTS, a phone-call-based DAT deployed for Tuberculosis (TB) treatment in India where nearly 3 million people are afflicted with the disease each year. The data contains nearly 17,000 patients and 2.1M dose records. We lay the groundwork for learning from this real-world data, including a method for avoiding the effects of unobserved interventions in training data used for machine learning. We then construct a deep learning model, demonstrate its interpretability, and show how it can be adapted and trained in three different clinical scenarios to better target and improve patient care. In the real-time risk prediction setting our model could be used to proactively intervene with 21% more patients and before 76% more missed doses than current heuristic baselines. For outcome prediction, our model performs 40% better than baseline methods, allowing cities to target more resources to clinics with a heavier burden of patients at risk of failure. Finally, we present a case study demonstrating how our model can be trained in an end-to-end decision focused learning setting to achieve 15% better solution quality in an example decision problem faced by health workers.	Learning to Prescribe Interventions for Tuberculosis Patients Using Digital Adherence Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yangli-ao Geng:Qingyong Li:Tianyang Lin:Lei Jiang:Liangtao Xu:Dong Zheng:Wen Yao:Weitao Lyu:Yijun Zhang	Lightning as a natural phenomenon poses serious threats to human life, aviation and electrical infrastructures. Lightning prediction plays a vital role in lightning disaster reduction. Existing prediction methods, usually based on numerical weather models, rely on lightning parameterization schemes for forecasting. These methods, however, have two drawbacks. Firstly, simulations of the numerical weather models usually have deviations in space and time domains, which introduces irreparable biases to subsequent parameterization processes. Secondly, the lightning parameterization schemes are designed manually by experts in meteorology, which means these schemes can hardly benefit from abundant historical data. In this work, we propose a data-driven model based on neural networks, referred to as LightNet, for lightning prediction. Unlike the conventional prediction methods which are fully based on numerical weather models, LightNet introduces recent lightning observations in an attempt to calibrate the simulations and assist the prediction. LightNet first extracts spatiotemporal features of the simulations and observations via dual encoders. These features are then combined by a fusion module. Finally, the fused features are fed into a spatiotemporal decoder to make forecasts. We conduct experimental evaluations on a real-world North China lightning dataset, which shows that LightNet achieves a threefold improvement in equitable threat score for six-hour prediction compared with three established forecast methods.	LightNet: A Dual Spatiotemporal Encoder Network Model for Lightning Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zeeshan Ahmed:Saeed Amizadeh:Mikhail Bilenko:Rogan Carr:Wei-Sheng Chin:Yael Dekel:Xavier Dupre:Vadim Eksarevskiy:Senja Filipi:Tom Finley:Abhishek Goswami:Monte Hoover:Scott Inglis:Matteo Interlandi:Najeeb Kazmi:Gleb Krivosheev:Pete Luferenko:Ivan Matantsev:Sergiy Matusevych:Shahab Moradi:Gani Nazirov:Justin Ormont:Gal Oshri:Artidoro Pagnoni:Jignesh Parmar:Prabhat Roy:Mohammad Zeeshan Siddiqui:Markus Weimer:Shauheen Zahirazami:Yiwen Zhu	Machine Learning is transitioning from an art and science into a technology available to every developer. In the near future, every application on every platform will incorporate trained models to encode data-based decisions that would be impossible for developers to author. This presents a significant engineering challenge, since currently data science and modeling are largely decoupled from standard software development processes. This separation makes incorporating machine learning capabilities inside applications unnecessarily costly and difficult, and furthermore discourage developers from embracing ML in first place. In this paper we present ML.NET, a framework developed at Microsoft over the last decade in response to the challenge of making it easy to ship machine learning models in large software applications. We present its architecture, and illuminate the application demands that shaped it. Specifically, we introduce DataView, the core data abstraction of ML.NET which allows it to capture full predictive pipelines efficiently and consistently across training and inference lifecycles. We close the paper with a surprisingly favorable performance study of ML.NET compared to more recent entrants, and a discussion of some lessons learned.	Machine Learning at Microsoft with ML.NET	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Megha Srivastava:Hoda Heidari:Andreas Krause	Fairness for Machine Learning has received considerable attention, recently. Various mathematical formulations of fairness have been proposed, and it has been shown that it is impossible to satisfy all of them simultaneously. The literature so far has dealt with these impossibility results by quantifying the tradeoffs between different formulations of fairness. Our work takes a different perspective on this issue. Rather than requiring all notions of fairness to (partially) hold at the same time, we ask which one of them is the most appropriate given the societal domain in which the decision-making model is to be deployed. We take a descriptive approach and set out to identify the notion of fairness that best captures lay people's perception of fairness. We run adaptive experiments designed to pinpoint the most compatible notion of fairness with each participant's choices through a small number of tests. Perhaps surprisingly, we find that the most simplistic mathematical definition of fairness---namely, demographic parity---most closely matches people's idea of fairness in two distinct application scenarios. This conclusion remains intact even when we explicitly tell the participants about the alternative, more complicated definitions of fairness, and we reduce the cognitive burden of evaluating those notions for them. Our findings have important implications for the Fair ML literature and the discourse on formalizing algorithmic fairness.	Mathematical Notions vs. Human Perception of Fairness: A Descriptive Approach to Fairness for Machine Learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Junting Ye:Steven Skiena	In the recent political climate, the topic of news quality has drawn attention both from the public and the academic communities. The growing distrust of traditional news media makes it harder to find a common base of accepted truth. In this work, we design and build MediaRank (urlwww.media-rank.com ), a fully automated system to rank over 50,000 online news sources around the world. MediaRank collects and analyzes one million news webpages and two million related tweets everyday. We base our algorithmic analysis on four properties journalists have established to be associated with reporting quality: peer reputation, reporting bias/breadth, bottomline financial pressure, and popularity. Our major contributions of this paper include: (i) Open, interpretable quality rankings for over 50,000 of the world's major news sources. Our rankings are validated against 35 published news rankings, including French, German, Russian, and Spanish language sources. MediaRank scores correlate positively with 34 of 35 of these expert rankings. (ii) New computational methods for measuring influence and bottomline pressure. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to study the large-scale news reporting citation graph in-depth. We also propose new ways to measure the aggressiveness of advertisements and identify social bots, establishing a connection between both types of bad behavior. (iii) Analyzing the effect of media source bias and significance. We prove that news sources cite others despite different political views in accord with quality measures. However, in four English-speaking countries (US, UK, Canada, and Australia), the highest ranking sources all disproportionately favor left-wing parties, even when the majority of news sources exhibited conservative slants.	MediaRank: Computational Ranking of Online News Sources	NA:NA	2018
Shaohua Fan:Junxiong Zhu:Xiaotian Han:Chuan Shi:Linmei Hu:Biyu Ma:Yongliang Li	With the prevalence of mobile e-commerce nowadays, a new type of recommendation services, called intent recommendation, is widely used in many mobile e-commerce Apps, such as Taobao and Amazon. Different from traditional query recommendation and item recommendation, intent recommendation is to automatically recommend user intent according to user historical behaviors without any input when users open the App. Intent recommendation becomes very popular in the past two years, because of revealing user latent intents and avoiding tedious input in mobile phones. Existing methods used in industry usually need laboring feature engineering. Moreover, they only utilize attribute and statistic information of users and queries, and fail to take full advantage of rich interaction information in intent recommendation, which may result in limited performances. In this paper, we propose to model the complex objects and rich interactions in intent recommendation as a Heterogeneous Information Network. Furthermore, we present a novel M etapath-guided E mbedding method for I ntent Rec ommendation~(called MEIRec). In order to fully utilize rich structural information, we design a metapath-guided heterogeneous Graph Neural Network to learn the embeddings of objects in intent recommendation. In addition, in order to alleviate huge learning parameters in embeddings, we propose a uniform term embedding mechanism, in which embeddings of objects are made up with the same term embedding space. Offline experiments on real large-scale data show the superior performance of the proposed MEIRec, compared to representative methods.Moreover, the results of online experiments on Taobao e-commerce platform show that MEIRec not only gains a performance improvement of 1.54% on CTR metric, but also attracts up to 2.66% of new users to search queries.	Metapath-guided Heterogeneous Graph Neural Network for Intent Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xi Sheryl Zhang:Fengyi Tang:Hiroko H. Dodge:Jiayu Zhou:Fei Wang	In recent years, large amounts of health data, such as patient Electronic Health Records (EHR), are becoming readily available. This provides an unprecedented opportunity for knowledge discovery and data mining algorithms to dig insights from them, which can, later on, be helpful to the improvement of the quality of care delivery. Predictive modeling of clinical risks, including in-hospital mortality, hospital readmission, chronic disease onset, condition exacerbation, etc., from patient EHR, is one of the health data analytic problems that attract lots of the interests. The reason is not only because the problem is important in clinical settings, but also is challenging when working with EHR such as sparsity, irregularity, temporality, etc. Different from applications in other domains such as computer vision and natural language processing, the data samples in medicine (patients) are relatively limited, which creates lots of troubles for building effective predictive models, especially for complicated ones such as deep learning. In this paper, we propose~\textttMetaPred, a meta-learning framework for clinical risk prediction from longitudinal patient EHR. In particular, in order to predict the target risk with limited data samples, we train a meta-learner from a set of related risk prediction tasks which learns how a good predictor is trained. The meta-learned can then be directly used in target risk prediction, and the limited available samples in the target domain can be used for further fine-tuning the model performance. The effectiveness of \textttMetaPred is tested on a real patient EHR repository from Oregon Health & Science University. We are able to demonstrate that with Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) as base predictors, \textttMetaPred can achieve much better performance for predicting target risk with low resources comparing with the predictor trained on the limited samples available for this risk alone.	MetaPred: Meta-Learning for Clinical Risk Prediction with Limited Patient Electronic Health Records	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Miao Fan:Jiacheng Guo:Shuai Zhu:Shuo Miao:Mingming Sun:Ping Li	Baidu runs the largest commercial web search engine in China, serving hundreds of millions of online users every day in response to a great variety of queries. In order to build a high-efficiency sponsored search engine, we used to adopt a three-layer funnel-shaped structure to screen and sort hundreds of ads from billions of ad candidates subject to the requirement of low response latency and the restraints of computing resources. Given a user query, the top matching layer is responsible for providing semantically relevant ad candidates to the next layer, while the ranking layer at the bottom concerns more about business indicators (e.g., CPM, ROI, etc.) of those ads. The clear separation between the matching and ranking objectives results in a lower commercial return. The Mobius project has been established to address this serious issue. It is our first attempt to train the matching layer to consider CPM as an additional optimization objective besides the query-ad relevance, via directly predicting CTR (click-through rate) from billions of query-ad pairs. Specifically, this paper will elaborate on how we adopt active learning to overcome the insufficiency of click history at the matching layer when training our neural click networks offline, and how we use the SOTA ANN search technique for retrieving ads more efficiently (Here "ANN'' stands for approximate nearest neighbor search). We contribute the solutions to Mobius-V1 as the first version of our next generation query-ad matching system.	MOBIUS: Towards the Next Generation of Query-Ad Matching in Baidu's Sponsored Search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yina Tang:Fedor Borisyuk:Siddarth Malreddy:Yixuan Li:Yiqun Liu:Sergey Kirshner	In this paper we present a deployed image recognition system used in a large scale commerce search engine, which we call MSURU. It is designed to process product images uploaded daily to Facebook Marketplace. Social commerce is a growing area within Facebook and understanding visual representations of product content is important for search and recommendation applications on Marketplace. In this paper, we present techniques we used to develop efficient large-scale image classifiers using weakly supervised search log data. We perform extensive evaluation of presented techniques, explain practical experience of developing large-scale classification systems and discuss challenges we faced. Our system, MSURU out-performed current state of the art system developed at Facebook [23] by 16% in e-commerce domain. MSURU is deployed to production with significant improvements in search success rate and active interactions on Facebook Marketplace.	MSURU: Large Scale E-commerce Image Classification with Weakly Supervised Search Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chenyou Fan:Yuze Zhang:Yi Pan:Xiaoyue Li:Chi Zhang:Rong Yuan:Di Wu:Wensheng Wang:Jian Pei:Heng Huang	We propose a novel data-driven approach for solving multi-horizon probabilistic forecasting tasks that predicts the full distribution of a time series on future horizons. We illustrate that temporal patterns hidden in historical information play an important role in accurate forecasting of long time series. Traditional methods rely on setting up temporal dependencies manually to explore related patterns in historical data, which is unrealistic in forecasting long-term series on real-world data. Instead, we propose to explicitly learn constructing hidden patterns' representations with deep neural networks and attending to different parts of the history for forecasting the future. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end deep-learning framework for multi-horizon time series forecasting, with temporal attention mechanisms to better capture latent patterns in historical data which are useful in predicting the future. Forecasts of multiple quantiles on multiple future horizons can be generated simultaneously based on the learned latent pattern features. We also propose a multimodal fusion mechanism which is used to combine features from different parts of the history to better represent the future. Experiment results demonstrate our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on two large-scale forecasting datasets in different domains.	Multi-Horizon Time Series Forecasting with Temporal Attention Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jianrong Tao:Jianshi Lin:Shize Zhang:Sha Zhao:Runze Wu:Changjie Fan:Peng Cui	Online gaming is a multi-billion dollar industry that entertains a large, global population. However, one unfortunate phenomenon known as real money trading harms the competition and the fun. Real money trading is an interesting economic activity used to exchange assets in a virtual world with real world currencies, leading to imbalance of game economy and inequality of wealth and opportunity. Game operation teams have been devoting much efforts on real money trading detection, however, it still remains a challenging task. To overcome the limitation from traditional methods conducted by game operation teams, we propose, MVAN, the first multi-view attention networks for detecting real money trading with multi-view data sources. We present a multi-graph attention network (MGAT) in the graph structure view, a behavior attention network (BAN) in the vertex content view, a portrait attention network (PAN) in the vertex attribute view and a data source attention network (DSAN) in the data source view. Experiments conducted on real-world game logs from a commercial NetEase MMORPG( JusticePC) show that our method consistently performs promising results compared with other competitive methods over time and verifiy the importance and rationality of attention mechanisms. MVAN is deployed to several MMORPGs in NetEase in practice and achieving remarkable performance improvement and acceleration. Our method can easily generalize to other types of related tasks in real world, such as fraud detection, drug tracking and money laundering tracking etc.	MVAN: Multi-view Attention Networks for Real Money Trading Detection in Online Games	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bhanu Pratap Singh Rawat:Fei Li:Hong Yu	In the clinical domain, it is important to understand whether an adverse drug reaction (ADR) is caused by a particular medication. Clinical judgement studies help judge the causal relation between a medication and its ADRs. In this study, we present the first attempt to automatically infer the causality between a drug and an ADR from electronic health records (EHRs) by answering the Naranjo questionnaire, the validated clinical question answering set used by domain experts for ADR causality assessment. Using physicians' annotation as the gold standard, our proposed joint model, which uses multi-task learning to predict the answers of a subset of the Naranjo questionnaire, significantly outperforms the baseline pipeline model with a good margin, achieving a macro-weighted f-score between 0.3652-0.5271 and micro-weighted f-score between 0.9523-0.9918.	Naranjo Question Answering using End-to-End Multi-task Learning Model	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yumin Liu:Junxiang Chen:Auroop Ganguly:Jennifer Dy	Climate prediction is a very challenging problem. Many institutes around the world try to predict climate variables by building climate models called General Circulation Models (GCMs), which are based on mathematical equations that describe the physical processes. The prediction abilities of different GCMs may vary dramatically across different regions and time. Motivated by the need of identifying which GCMs are more useful for a particular region and time, we introduce a clustering model combining Dirichlet Process (DP) mixture of sparse linear regression with Markov Random Fields (MRFs). This model incorporates DP to automatically determine the number of clusters, imposes MRF constraints to guarantee spatio-temporal smoothness, and selects a subset of GCMs that are useful for prediction within each spatio-temporal cluster with a spike-and-slab prior. We derive an effective Gibbs sampling method for this model. Experimental results are provided for both synthetic and real-world climate data.	Nonparametric Mixture of Sparse Regressions on Spatio-Temporal Data -- An Application to Climate Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Amol Kapoor:Hunter Larco:Raimondas Kiveris	What did it feel like to walk through a city from the past? In this work, we describe Nostalgin (Nostalgia Engine), a method that can faithfully reconstruct cities from historical images. Unlike existing work in city reconstruction, we focus on the task of reconstructing 3D cities from historical images. Working with historical image data is substantially more difficult, as there are significantly fewer buildings available and the details of the camera parameters which captured the images are unknown. Nostalgin can generate a city model even if there is only a single image per facade, regardless of viewpoint or occlusions. To achieve this, our novel architecture combines image segmentation, rectification, and inpainting. We motivate our design decisions with experimental analysis of individual components of our pipeline, and show that we can improve on baselines in both speed and visual realism. We demonstrate the efficacy of our pipeline by recreating two 1940s Manhattan city blocks. We aim to deploy Nostalgin as an open source platform where users can generate immersive historical experiences from their own photos.	Nostalgin: Extracting 3D City Models from Historical Image Data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chuhan Wu:Fangzhao Wu:Mingxiao An:Jianqiang Huang:Yongfeng Huang:Xing Xie	News recommendation is very important to help users find interested news and alleviate information overload. Different users usually have different interests and the same user may have various interests. Thus, different users may click the same news article with attention on different aspects. In this paper, we propose a neural news recommendation model with personalized attention (NPA). The core of our approach is a news representation model and a user representation model. In the news representation model we use a CNN network to learn hidden representations of news articles based on their titles. In the user representation model we learn the representations of users based on the representations of their clicked news articles. Since different words and different news articles may have different informativeness for representing news and users, we propose to apply both word- and news-level attention mechanism to help our model attend to important words and news articles. In addition, the same news article and the same word may have different informativeness for different users. Thus, we propose a personalized attention network which exploits the embedding of user ID to generate the query vector for the word- and news-level attentions. Extensive experiments are conducted on a real-world news recommendation dataset collected from MSN news, and the results validate the effectiveness of our approach on news recommendation.	NPA: Neural News Recommendation with Personalized Attention	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fanjin Zhang:Xiao Liu:Jie Tang:Yuxiao Dong:Peiran Yao:Jie Zhang:Xiaotao Gu:Yan Wang:Bin Shao:Rui Li:Kuansan Wang	Linking entities from different sources is a fundamental task in building open knowledge graphs. Despite much research conducted in related fields, the challenges of linkinglarge-scale heterogeneous entity graphs are far from resolved. Employing two billion-scale academic entity graphs (Microsoft Academic Graph and AMiner) as sources for our study, we propose a unified framework --- LinKG --- to address the problem of building a large-scale linked entity graph. LinKG is coupled with three linking modules, each of which addresses one category of entities. To link word-sequence-based entities (e.g., venues), we present a long short-term memory network-based method for capturing the dependencies. To link large-scale entities (e.g., papers), we leverage locality-sensitive hashing and convolutional neural networks for scalable and precise linking. To link entities with ambiguity (e.g., authors), we propose heterogeneous graph attention networks to model different types of entities. Our extensive experiments and systematical analysis demonstrate that LinKG can achieve linking accuracy with an F1-score of 0.9510, significantly outperforming the state-of-the-art. LinKG has been deployed to Microsoft Academic Search and AMiner to integrate the two large graphs. We have published the linked results---the Open Academic Graph (OAG)\footnote\urlhttps://www.openacademic.ai/oag/ , making it the largest publicly available heterogeneous academic graph to date.	OAG: Toward Linking Large-scale Heterogeneous Entity Graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yue Weng:Huaixiu Zheng:Franziska Bell:Gokhan Tur	Smart reply systems have been developed for various messaging platforms. In this paper, we introduce Uber's smart reply system: one-click-chat (OCC), which is a key enhanced feature on top of the Uber in-app chat system. It enables driver-partners to quickly respond to rider messages using smart replies. The smart replies are dynamically selected according to conversation content using machine learning algorithms. Our system consists of two major components: intent detection and reply retrieval, which are very different from standard smart reply systems where the task is to directly predict a reply. It is designed specifically for mobile applications with short and non-canonical messages. Reply retrieval utilizes pairings between intent and reply based on their popularity in chat messages as derived from historical data. For intent detection, a set of embedding and classification techniques are experimented with, and we choose to deploy a solution using unsupervised distributed embedding and nearest-neighbor classifier. It has the advantage of only requiring a small amount of labeled training data, simplicity in developing and deploying to production, and fast inference during serving and hence highly scalable. At the same time, it performs comparably with deep learning architectures such as word-level convolutional neural network. Overall, the system achieves a high accuracy of 76% on intent detection. Currently, the system is deployed in production for English-speaking countries and 71% of in-app communications between riders and driver-partners adopted the smart replies to speedup the communication process.	OCC: A Smart Reply System for Efficient In-App Communications	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chin-Chia Michael Yeh:Yan Zhu:Hoang Anh Dau:Amirali Darvishzadeh:Mikhail Noskov:Eamonn Keogh	In manufacturing, a golden batch is an idealized realization of the perfect process to produce the desired item, typically represented as a multidimensional time series of pressures, temperatures, flow-rates and so forth. The golden batch is sometimes produced from first-principle models, but it is typically created by recording a batch produced by the most experienced engineers on carefully cleaned and calibrated machines. In most cases, the golden batch is only used in post-mortem analysis of a product with an unexpectedly inferior quality, as plant managers attempt to understand where and when the last production attempt went wrong. In this work, we make two contributions to golden batch processing. We introduce an online algorithm that allows practitioners to understand if the process is currently deviating from the golden batch in real-time, allowing engineers to intervene and potentially save the batch. This may be done, for example, by cooling a boiler that is running unexpectedly hot. In addition, we show that our ideas can greatly expand the purview of golden batch monitoring beyond industrial manufacturing. In particular, we show that golden batch monitoring can be used for anomaly detection, attention focusing, and personalized training/skill assessment in a host of novel domains.	Online Amnestic DTW to allow Real-Time Golden Batch Monitoring	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chao Huang:Xian Wu:Xuchao Zhang:Chuxu Zhang:Jiashu Zhao:Dawei Yin:Nitesh V. Chawla	Online purchase forecasting is of great importance in e-commerce platforms, which is the basis of how to present personalized interesting product lists to individual customers. However, predicting online purchases is not trivial as it is influenced by many factors including: (i) the complex temporal pattern with hierarchical inter-correlations; (ii) arbitrary category dependencies. To address these factors, we develop a Graph Multi-Scale Pyramid Networks (GMP) framework to fully exploit users' latent behavioral patterns with both multi-scale temporal dynamics and arbitrary inter-dependencies among product categories. In GMP, we first design a multi-scale pyramid modulation network architecture which seamlessly preserves the underlying hierarchical temporal factors--governing users' purchase behaviors. Then, we employ convolution recurrent neural network to encode the categorical temporal pattern at each scale. After that, we develop a resolution-wise recalibration gating mechanism to automatically re-weight the importance of each scale-view representations. Finally, a context-graph neural network module is proposed to adaptively uncover complex dependencies among category-specific purchases. Extensive experiments on real-world e-commerce datasets demonstrate the superior performance of our method over state-of-the-art baselines across various settings.	Online Purchase Prediction via Multi-Scale Modeling of Behavior Dynamics	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Takuya Akiba:Shotaro Sano:Toshihiko Yanase:Takeru Ohta:Masanori Koyama	The purpose of this study is to introduce new design-criteria for next-generation hyperparameter optimization software. The criteria we propose include (1) define-by-run API that allows users to construct the parameter search space dynamically, (2) efficient implementation of both searching and pruning strategies, and (3) easy-to-setup, versatile architecture that can be deployed for various purposes, ranging from scalable distributed computing to light-weight experiment conducted via interactive interface. In order to prove our point, we will introduce Optuna, an optimization software which is a culmination of our effort in the development of a next generation optimization software. As an optimization software designed with define-by-run principle, Optuna is particularly the first of its kind. We will present the design-techniques that became necessary in the development of the software that meets the above criteria, and demonstrate the power of our new design through experimental results and real world applications. Our software is available under the MIT license (https://github.com/pfnet/optuna/).	Optuna: A Next-generation Hyperparameter Optimization Framework	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wei Zhao:Boxuan Zhang:Beidou Wang:Ziyu Guan:Wanxian Guan:Guang Qiu:Wei Ning:Jiming Chen:Hongmin Liu	We study a novel problem of sponsored search (SS) for E-Commerce platforms: how we can attract query users to click product advertisements (ads) by presenting them features of products that attract them. This not only benefits merchants and the platform, but also improves user experience. The problem is challenging due to the following reasons: (1) We need to carefully manipulate the ad content without affecting user search experience. (2) It is difficult to obtain users' explicit feedback of their preference in product features. (3) Nowadays, a great portion of the search traffic in E-Commerce platforms is from their mobile apps (e.g., nearly 90% in Taobao). The situation would get worse in the mobile setting due to limited space. We are focused on the mobile setting and propose to manipulate ad titles by adding a few selling point keywords (SPs) to attract query users. We model it as a personalized attractive SP prediction problem and carry out both large-scale offline evaluation and online A/B tests in Taobao. The contributions include: (1) We explore various exhibition schemes of SPs. (2) We propose a surrogate of user explicit feedback for SP preference. (3) We also explore multi-task learning and various additional features to boost the performance. A variant of our best model has already been deployed in Taobao, leading to a 2% increase in revenue per thousand impressions and an opt-out rate of merchants less than 4%.	Personalized Attraction Enhanced Sponsored Search with Multi-task Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mathias Kraus:Stefan Feuerriegel	Personalization in marketing aims at improving the shopping experience of customers by tailoring services to individuals. In order to achieve this, businesses must be able to make personalized predictions regarding the next purchase. That is, one must forecast the exact list of items that will comprise the next purchase, \ie, the so-called market basket. Despite its relevance to firm operations, this problem has received surprisingly little attention in prior research, largely due to its inherent complexity. In fact, state-of-the-art approaches are limited to intuitive decision rules for pattern extraction, so that repeat purchases or co-purchases can be identified. However, the simplicity of the pre-coded rules impedes performance, since decision rules operate in an autoregressive fashion: the rules can only make inferences from past purchases of a single customer without taking into account the knowledge transfer that takes place between customers. In contrast, our research overcomes the limitations of pre-set rules by contributing a novel predictor of market baskets from sequential purchase histories: our predictions are based on similarity matching in order to identify similar purchase habits among the complete shopping histories of all customers. Our contributions are as follows: (1) We propose similarity matching based on subsequential dynamic time warping (SDTW) as a novel predictor of market baskets. Thereby, we can effectively identify cross-customer patterns. (2) We leverage the Wasserstein distance for measuring the similarity among embedded purchase histories. If desired, this can further be interpreted as a proxy to the prediction quality. (3) We develop a fast approximation algorithm for computing a lower bound of the Wasserstein distance in our setting. An extensive series of computational experiments demonstrates the effectiveness of our approach. The accuracy of identifying the exact market baskets based on state-of-the-art decision rules from the literature is outperformed by a factor of 4.0. This contributes to a further personalization in the provision of retail services. The actual use cases are widespread and include making customers tailored offerings in marketing, extending recommender systems for the purpose of suggesting personalized market baskets, and triggering product deliveries before purchase in order to accelerate delivery.	Personalized Purchase Prediction of Market Baskets with Wasserstein-Based Sequence Matching	NA:NA	2018
Jinfeng Zhuang:Yu Liu	Text embedding is a fundamental component for extracting text features in production-level data mining and machine learning systems given textual information is the most ubiqutious signals. However, practitioners often face the tradeoff between effectiveness of underlying embedding algorithms and cost of training and maintaining various embedding results in large-scale applications. In this paper, we propose a multitask text embedding solution called PinText for three major vertical surfaces including homefeed, related pins, and search in Pinterest, which consolidates existing text embedding algorithms into a single solution and produces state-of-the-art performance. Specifically, we learn word level semantic vectors by enforcing that the similarity between positive engagement pairs is larger than the similarity between a randomly sampled background pairs. Based on the learned semantic vectors, we derive embedding vector of a user, a pin, or a search query by simply averaging its word level vectors. In this common compact vector space, we are able to do unified nearest neighbor search with hashing by Hadoop jobs or dockerized images on Kubernetes cluster. Both offline evaluation and online experiments show effectiveness of this PinText system and save storage cost of multiple open-sourced embeddings significantly.	PinText: A Multitask Text Embedding System in Pinterest	NA:NA	2018
Wen Chen:Pipei Huang:Jiaming Xu:Xin Guo:Cheng Guo:Fei Sun:Chao Li:Andreas Pfadler:Huan Zhao:Binqiang Zhao	Increasing demand for fashion recommendation raises a lot of challenges for online shopping platforms and fashion communities. In particular, there exist two requirements for fashion outfit recommendation: the Compatibility of the generated fashion outfits, and the Personalization in the recommendation process. In this paper, we demonstrate these two requirements can be satisfied via building a bridge between outfit generation and recommendation. Through large data analysis, we observe that people have similar tastes in individual items and outfits. Therefore, we propose a Personalized Outfit Generation (POG) model, which connects user preferences regarding individual items and outfits with Transformer architecture. Extensive offline and online experiments provide strong quantitative evidence that our method outperforms alternative methods regarding both compatibility and personalization metrics. Furthermore, we deploy POG on a platform named Dida in Alibaba to generate personalized outfits for the users of the online application iFashion. This work represents a first step towards an industrial-scale fashion outfit generation and recommendation solution, which goes beyond generating outfits based on explicit queries, or merely recommending from existing outfit pools. As part of this work, we release a large-scale dataset consisting of 1.01 million outfits with rich context information, and 0.28 billion user click actions from 3.57 million users. To the best of our knowledge, this dataset is the largest, publicly available, fashion related dataset, and the first to provide user behaviors relating to both outfits and fashion items.	POG: Personalized Outfit Generation for Fashion Recommendation at Alibaba iFashion	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qi Pi:Weijie Bian:Guorui Zhou:Xiaoqiang Zhu:Kun Gai	Click-through rate (CTR) prediction is critical for industrial applications such as recommender system and online advertising. Practically, it plays an important role for CTR modeling in these applications by mining user interest from rich historical behavior data. Driven by the development of deep learning, deep CTR models with ingeniously designed architecture for user interest modeling have been proposed, bringing remarkable improvement of model performance over offline metric. However, great efforts are needed to deploy these complex models to online serving system for realtime inference, facing massive traffic request. Things turn to be more difficult when it comes to long sequential user behavior data, as the system latency and storage cost increase approximately linearly with the length of user behavior sequence. In this paper, we face directly the challenge of long sequential user behavior modeling and introduce our hands-on practice with the co-design of machine learning algorithm and online serving system for CTR prediction task. (i) From serving system view, we decouple the most resource-consuming part of user interest modeling from the entire model by designing a separate module named UIC (User Interest Center). UIC maintains the latest interest state for each user, whose update depends on realtime user behavior trigger event, rather than on traffic request. Hence UIC is latency free for realtime CTR prediction. (ii) From machine learning algorithm view, we propose a novel memory-based architecture named MIMN (Multi-channel user Interest Memory Network) to capture user interests from long sequential behavior data, achieving superior performance over state-of-the-art models. MIMN is implemented in an incremental manner with UIC module. Theoretically, the co-design solution of UIC and MIMN enables us to handle the user interest modeling with unlimited length of sequential behavior data. Comparison between model performance and system efficiency proves the effectiveness of proposed solution. To our knowledge, this is one of the first industrial solutions that are capable of handling long sequential user behavior data with length scaling up to thousands. It now has been deployed in the display advertising system in Alibaba.	Practice on Long Sequential User Behavior Modeling for Click-Through Rate Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vadim Lebedev:Vladimir Ivashkin:Irina Rudenko:Alexander Ganshin:Alexander Molchanov:Sergey Ovcharenko:Ruslan Grokhovetskiy:Ivan Bushmarinov:Dmitry Solomentsev	Precipitation nowcasting is a short-range forecast of rain/snow (up to 2 hours), often displayed on top of the geographical map by the weather service. Modern precipitation nowcasting algorithms rely on the extrapolation of observations by ground-based radars via optical flow techniques or neural network models. Dependent on these radars, typical nowcasting is limited to the regions around their locations. We have developed a method for precipitation nowcasting based on geostationary satellite imagery and incorporated the resulting data into the Yandex.Weather precipitation map (including an alerting service with push notifications for products in the Yandex ecosystem), thus expanding its coverage and paving the way to a truly global nowcasting service.	Precipitation Nowcasting with Satellite Imagery	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Junwei Pan:Yizhi Mao:Alfonso Lobos Ruiz:Yu Sun:Aaron Flores	Conversion prediction plays an important role in online advertis- ing since Cost-Per-Action (CPA) has become one of the primary campaign performance objectives in the industry. Unlike click pre- diction, conversions have different types in nature, and each type may be associated with different decisive factors. In this paper, we formulate conversion prediction as a multi-task learning problem, so that the prediction models for different types of conversions can be learned together. These models share feature representa- tions, but have their specific parameters, providing the benefit of information-sharing across all tasks. We then propose Multi-Task Field-weighted Factorization Machine (MT-FwFM) to solve these tasks jointly. Our experiment results show that, compared with two state-of-the-art models, MT-FwFM improve the AUC by 0.74% and 0.84% on two types of conversions, and the weighted AUC across all conversion types is also improved by 0.50%.	Predicting Different Types of Conversions with Multi-Task Learning in Online Advertising	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Evan Sheehan:Chenlin Meng:Matthew Tan:Burak Uzkent:Neal Jean:Marshall Burke:David Lobell:Stefano Ermon	Progress on the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) is hampered by a persistent lack of data regarding key social, environmental, and economic indicators, particularly in developing countries. For example, data on poverty - the first of seventeen SDGs - is both spatially sparse and infrequently collected in Sub-Saharan Africa due to the high cost of surveys. Here we propose a novel method for estimating socioeconomic indicators using open-source, geolocated textual information from Wikipedia articles. We demonstrate that modern NLP techniques can be used to predict community-level asset wealth and education outcomes using nearby geolocated Wikipedia articles. When paired with nightlights satellite imagery, our method outperforms all previously published benchmarks for this prediction task, indicating the potential of Wikipedia to inform both research in the social sciences and future policy decisions.	Predicting Economic Development using Geolocated Wikipedia Articles	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Takahiro Yabe:Kota Tsubouchi:Toru Shimizu:Yoshihide Sekimoto:Satish V. Ukkusuri	Predicting the evacuation decisions of individuals before the disaster strikes is crucial for planning first response strategies. In addition to the studies on post-disaster analysis of evacuation behavior, there are various works that attempt to predict the evacuation decisions beforehand. Most of these predictive methods, however, require real time location data for calibration, which are becoming much harder to obtain due to the rising privacy concerns. Meanwhile, web search queries of anonymous users have been collected by web companies. Although such data raise less privacy concerns, they have been under-utilized for various applications. In this study, we investigate whether web search data observed prior to the disaster can be used to predict the evacuation decisions. More specifically, we utilize a session-based query encoder that learns the representations of each user's web search behavior prior to evacuation. Our proposed approach is empirically tested using web search data collected from users affected by a major flood in Japan. Results are validated using location data collected from mobile phones of the same set of users as ground truth. We show that evacuation decisions can be accurately predicted (84%) using only the users' pre-disaster web search data as input. This study proposes an alternative method for evacuation prediction that does not require highly sensitive location data, which can assist local governments to prepare effective first response strategies.	Predicting Evacuation Decisions using Representations of Individuals' Pre-Disaster Web Search Behavior	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ehimwenma Nosakhare:Rosalind Picard	Health research has an increasing focus on promoting well-being and positive mental health, to prevent disease and to more effectively treat disorders. The availability of rich multi-modal datasets and advances in machine learning methods are now enabling data science research to begin to objectively assess well-being. However, most existing studies focus on detecting the current state or predicting the future state of well-being using stand-alone health behaviors. There is a need for methods that can handle a complex combination of health behaviors, as arise in real-world data. In this paper, we present a framework to 1) map multi-modal messy data collected in the "wild" to meaningful feature representations of health behavior, and 2) uncover latent patterns comprising multiple health behaviors that best predict well-being. We show how to use supervised latent Dirichlet allocation (sLDA) to model the observed behaviors, and we apply variational inference to uncover the latent patterns. Implementing and evaluating the model on 5,397 days of data from a group of 244 college students, we find that these latent patterns are indeed predictive of self-reported stress, one of the largest components affecting well-being. We investigate the modifiable behaviors present in these patterns and uncover some ways in which the factors work together to influence well-being. This work contributes a new method using objective data analysis to help individuals monitor their well-being using real-world measurements. Insights from this study advance scientific knowledge on how combinations of daily modifiable human behaviors relate to human well-being.	Probabilistic Latent Variable Modeling for Assessing Behavioral Influences on Well-Being	NA:NA	2018
Alexey Svyatkovskiy:Ying Zhao:Shengyu Fu:Neel Sundaresan	In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end approach for AI-assisted code completion called Pythia. It generates ranked lists of method and API recommendations which can be used by software developers at edit time. The system is currently deployed as part of Intellicode extension in Visual Studio Code IDE. Pythia exploits state-of-the-art large-scale deep learning models trained on code contexts extracted from abstract syntax trees. It is designed to work at a high throughput predicting the best matching code completions on the order of 100 ms.  We describe the architecture of the system, perform comparisons to frequency-based approach and invocation-based Markov Chain language model, and discuss challenges serving Pythia models on lightweight client devices.  The offline evaluation results obtained on 2700 Python open source software GitHub repositories show a top-5 accuracy of 92%, surpassing the baseline models by 20% averaged over classes, for both intra and cross-project settings.	Pythia: AI-assisted Code Completion System	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shiwen Zhao:Brandt Westing:Shawn Scully:Heri Nieto:Roman Holenstein:Minwoo Jeong:Krishna Sridhar:Brandon Newendorp:Mike Bastian:Sethu Raman:Tim Paek:Kevin Lynch:Carlos Guestrin	The two most common ways to activate intelligent voice assistants (IVAs) are button presses and trigger phrases. This paper describes a new way to invoke IVAs on smartwatches: simply raise your hand and speak naturally. To achieve this experience, we designed an accurate, low-power detector that works on a wide range of environments and activity scenarios with minimal impact to battery life, memory footprint, and processor utilization. The raise to speak (RTS) detector consists of four main compo- nents: an on-device gesture convolutional neural network (CNN) that uses accelerometer data to detect specific poses; an on-device speech CNN to detect proximal human speech; a policy model to combine signals from the motion and speech detector; and an off-device false trigger mitigation (FTM) system to reduce unin- tentional invocations trigged by the on-device detector. Majority of the components of the detector run on-device to preserve user privacy. The RTS detector was released in watchOS 5.0 and is running on millions of devices worldwide.	Raise to Speak: An Accurate, Low-power Detector for Activating Voice Assistants on Smartwatches	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Rolnick:Kevin Aydin:Jean Pouget-Abadie:Shahab Kamali:Vahab Mirrokni:Amir Najmi	Web-based services often run randomized experiments to improve their products. A popular way to run these experiments is to use geographical regions as units of experimentation, since this does not require tracking of individual users or browser cookies. Since users may issue queries from multiple geographical locations, geo-regions cannot be considered independent and interference may be present in the experiment. In this paper, we study this problem, and first present GeoCUTS, a novel algorithm that forms geographical clusters to minimize interference while preserving balance in cluster size. We use a random sample of anonymized traffic from Google Search to form a graph representing user movements, then construct a geographically coherent clustering of the graph. Our main technical contribution is a statistical framework to measure the effectiveness of clusterings. Furthermore, we perform empirical evaluations showing that the performance of GeoCUTS is comparable to hand-crafted geo-regions with respect to both novel and existing metrics.	Randomized Experimental Design via Geographic Clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Peng Jiang:Yingrui Yang:Gann Bierner:Fengjie Alex Li:Ruhan Wang:Azadeh Moghtaderi	Genealogy research is the study of family history using available resources such as historical records. Ancestry provides its customers with one of the world's largest online genealogical index with billions of records from a wide range of sources, including vital records such as birth and death certificates, census records, court and probate records among many others. Search at Ancestry aims to return relevant records from various record types, allowing our subscribers to build their family trees, research their family history, and make meaningful discoveries about their ancestors from diverse perspectives. In a modern search engine designed for genealogical study, the appropriate ranking of search results to provide highly relevant information represents a daunting challenge. In particular, the disparity in historical records makes it inherently difficult to score records in an equitable fashion. Herein, we provide an overview of our solutions to overcome such record disparity problems in the Ancestry search engine. Specifically, we introduce customized coordinate ascent (customized CA) to speed up ranking within a specific record type. We then propose stochastic search (SS) that linearly combines ranked results federated across contents from various record types. Furthermore, we propose a novel information retrieval metric, normalized cumulative entropy (NCE), to measure the diversity of results. We demonstrate the effectiveness of these two algorithms in terms of relevance (by NDCG) and diversity (by NCE) if applicable in the offline experiments using real customer data at Ancestry.	Ranking in Genealogy: Search Results Fusion at Ancestry	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yudan Liu:Kaikai Ge:Xu Zhang:Leyu Lin	Recently, deep learning models play more and more important roles in contents recommender systems. However, although the performance of recommendations is greatly improved, the "Matthew effect" becomes increasingly evident. While the head contents get more and more popular, many competitive long-tail contents are difficult to achieve timely exposure because of lacking behavior features. This issue has badly impacted the quality and diversity of recommendations. To solve this problem, look-alike algorithm is a good choice to extend audience for high quality long-tail contents. But the traditional look-alike models which widely used in online advertising are not suitable for recommender systems because of the strict requirement of both real-time and effectiveness. This paper introduces a real-time attention based look-alike model (RALM) for recommender systems, which tackles the challenge of conflict between real-time and effectiveness. RALM realizes real-time look-alike audience extension benefiting from seeds-to-user similarity prediction and improves the effectiveness through optimizing user representation learning and look-alike learning modeling. For user representation learning, we propose a novel neural network structure named attention merge layer to replace the concatenation layer, which significantly improves the expressive ability of multi-fields feature learning. On the other hand, considering the various members of seeds, we design global attention unit and local attention unit to learn robust and adaptive seeds representation with respect to a certain target user. At last, we introduce seeds clustering mechanism which not only reduces the time complexity of attention units prediction but also minimizes the loss of seeds information at the same time. According to our experiments, RALM shows superior effectiveness and performance than popular look-alike models. RALM has been successfully deployed in "Top Stories" Recommender System of WeChat, leading to great improvement on diversity and quality of recommendations. As far as we know, this is the first real-time look-alike model applied in recommender systems.	Real-time Attention Based Look-alike Model for Recommender System	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mateusz Fedoryszak:Brent Frederick:Vijay Rajaram:Changtao Zhong	Social networks are quickly becoming the primary medium for discussing what is happening around real-world events. The information that is generated on social platforms like Twitter can produce rich data streams for immediate insights into ongoing matters and the conversations around them. To tackle the problem of event detection, we model events as a list of clusters of trending entities over time. We describe a real-time system for discovering events that is modular in design and novel in scale and speed: it applies clustering on a large stream with millions of entities per minute and produces a dynamically updated set of events. In order to assess clustering methodologies, we build an evaluation dataset derived from a snapshot of the full Twitter Firehose and propose novel metrics for measuring clustering quality. Through experiments and system profiling, we highlight key results from the offline and online pipelines. Finally, we visualize a high profile event on Twitter to show the importance of modeling the evolution of events, especially those detected from social data streams.	Real-time Event Detection on Social Data Streams	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Keiichi Ochiai:Kohei Senkawa:Naoki Yamamoto:Yuya Tanaka:Yusuke Fukazawa	Billions of people are using smartphones everyday and they often face problems and troubles with both the hardware as well as the software. Such problems lead to frustrated users and low customer satisfaction. Developing an automatic machine learning-based solution that would detect that the user has a problem and would engage in troubleshooting has the potential to significantly improve customer satisfaction and retention. Here, we design and implement a system that based on the user's smartphone activity detects that the user has a problem and requires help. Our system automatically detects a user has a problem and then helps with the troubleshooting by recommending possible solutions to the identified problem. We train our system based on large-scale customer support center data and show that it can both detect that a user has a problem as well as predict the category of the problem (89.7% accuracy) and quickly provide a solution (in 10.4ms). Our system has been deployed in commercial service since January, 2019. Online evaluation result showed that machine learning based approach outperforms the existing method by approximately 30% regarding the user problem solving rate.	Real-time On-Device Troubleshooting Recommendation for Smartphones	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tadashi Okoshi:Kota Tsubouchi:Hideyuki Tokuda	The limited attentional resource of users is a bottleneck to delivery of push notifications in today's mobile and ubiquitous computing environments. Adaptive mobile notification scheduling, which detects opportune timings based on mobile sensing and machine learning, has been proposed as a way of alleviating this problem. However, it is still not clear if such adaptive notifications are effective in a large-scale product deployment with real-world situations and configurations, such as users' context changes, personalized content in notifications, and sudden external factors that users commonly experience (such as breaking news). In this paper, we construct a new interruptibility estimation and adaptive notification scheduling with redesigned technical components. From the deploy study of the system to the real product stack of Yahoo! JAPAN Android application and evaluation with 382,518 users for 28 days, we confirmed several significant results, including the maximum 60.7% increase in the users' click rate, 10 times more gain compared to the previous system, significantly better gain in the personalized notification content, and unexpectedly better performance in a situation with exceptional breaking news notifications. With these results, the proposed system has officially been deployed and enabled to all the users of Yahoo! JAPAN product environment where more than 10 million Android app users are enjoying its benefit.	Real-World Product Deployment of Adaptive Push Notification Scheduling on Smartphones	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nicolas Grislain:Nicolas Perrin:Antoine Thabault	Bidding in real-time auctions can be a difficult stochastic control task; especially in a very uncertain market and if underdelivery incurs strong penalties. Most current works and implementations focus on optimally delivering a campaign given a reasonable forecast of the market. Practical implementations have a feedback loop to adjust and be robust to forecasting errors, but no implementation, to the best of our knowledge, uses a model of market risk and actively anticipates market shifts. Solving such stochastic control problems in practice is actually very challenging and an approximate solution based on a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) architecture is both effective and practical for implementation in a production environment. The RNN bidder provisions everything it needs to avoid underdelivery. It also deliberately falls short of its goal when buying the missing impressions would cost more than the penalty for not reaching it.	Recurrent Neural Networks for Stochastic Control in Real-Time Bidding	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lixin Zou:Long Xia:Zhuoye Ding:Jiaxing Song:Weidong Liu:Dawei Yin	Recommender systems play a crucial role in our daily lives. Feed streaming mechanism has been widely used in the recommender system, especially on the mobile Apps. The feed streaming setting provides users the interactive manner of recommendation in never-ending feeds. In such a manner, a good recommender system should pay more attention to user stickiness, which is far beyond classical instant metrics and typically measured by long-term user engagement. Directly optimizing long-term user engagement is a non-trivial problem, as the learning target is usually not available for conventional supervised learning methods. Though reinforcement learning~(RL) naturally fits the problem of maximizing the long term rewards, applying RL to optimize long-term user engagement is still facing challenges: user behaviors are versatile to model, which typically consists of both instant feedback (eg. clicks) and delayed feedback (eg. dwell time, revisit); in addition, performing effective off-policy learning is still immature, especially when combining bootstrapping and function approximation. To address these issues, in this work, we introduce a RL framework --- FeedRec to optimize the long-term user engagement. FeedRec includes two components: 1)~a Q-Network which designed in hierarchical LSTM takes charge of modeling complex user behaviors, and 2)~a S-Network, which simulates the environment, assists the Q-Network and voids the instability of convergence in policy learning. Extensive experiments on synthetic data and a real-world large scale data show that FeedRec effectively optimizes the long-term user engagement and outperforms state-of-the-arts.	Reinforcement Learning to Optimize Long-term User Engagement in Recommender Systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Achir Kalra:Chong Wang:Cristian Borcea:Yi Chen	The revenue of online display advertising in the U.S. is projected to be 7.9 billion U.S. dollars by 2022. One main way of display advertising is through real-time bidding (RTB). In RTB, an ad exchange runs a second price auction among multiple advertisers to sell each ad impression. Publishers usually set up a reserve price, the lowest price acceptable for an ad impression. If there are bids higher than the reserve price, then the revenue is the higher price between the reserve price and the second highest bid; otherwise, the revenue is zero. Thus, a higher reserve price can potentially increase the revenue, but with higher risks associated. In this paper, we study the problem of estimating the failure rate of a reserve price, i.e., the probability that a reserve price fails to be outbid. The solution to this problem have managerial implications to publishers to set appropriate reserve prices in order to minimizes the risks and optimize the expected revenue. This problem is highly challenging since most publishers do not know the historical highest bidding prices offered by RTB advertisers. To address this problem, we develop a parametric survival model for reserve price failure rate prediction. The model is further improved by considering user and page interactions, and header bidding information. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Reserve Price Failure Rate Prediction with Header Bidding in Display Advertising	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ya Su:Youjian Zhao:Chenhao Niu:Rong Liu:Wei Sun:Dan Pei	Industry devices (i.e., entities) such as server machines, spacecrafts, engines, etc., are typically monitored with multivariate time series, whose anomaly detection is critical for an entity's service quality management. However, due to the complex temporal dependence and stochasticity of multivariate time series, their anomaly detection remains a big challenge. This paper proposes OmniAnomaly, a stochastic recurrent neural network for multivariate time series anomaly detection that works well robustly for various devices. Its core idea is to capture the normal patterns of multivariate time series by learning their robust representations with key techniques such as stochastic variable connection and planar normalizing flow, reconstruct input data by the representations, and use the reconstruction probabilities to determine anomalies. Moreover, for a detected entity anomaly, OmniAnomaly can provide interpretations based on the reconstruction probabilities of its constituent univariate time series. The evaluation experiments are conducted on two public datasets from aerospace and a new server machine dataset (collected and released by us) from an Internet company. OmniAnomaly achieves an overall F1-Score of 0.86 in three real-world datasets, signicantly outperforming the best performing baseline method by 0.09. The interpretation accuracy for OmniAnomaly is up to 0.89.	Robust Anomaly Detection for Multivariate Time Series through Stochastic Recurrent Neural Network	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ming Lin:Xiaomin Song:Qi Qian:Hao Li:Liang Sun:Shenghuo Zhu:Rong Jin	Satellite-based positioning system such as GPS often suffers from large amount of noise that degrades the positioning accuracy dramatically especially in real-time applications. In this work, we consider a data-mining approach to enhance the GPS signal. We build a large-scale high precision GPS receiver grid system to collect real-time GPS signals for training. The Gaussian Process (GP) regression is chosen to model the vertical Total Electron Content (vTEC) distribution of the ionosphere of the Earth. Our experiments show that the noise in the real-time GPS signals often exceeds the breakdown point of the conventional robust regression methods resulting in sub-optimal system performance. We propose a three-step approach to address this challenge. In the first step we perform a set of signal validity tests to separate the signals into clean and dirty groups. In the second step, we train an initial model on the clean signals and then reweigting the dirty signals based on the residual error. A final model is retrained on both the clean signals and the reweighted dirty signals. In the theoretical analysis, we prove that the proposed three-step approach is able to tolerate much higher noise level than the vanilla robust regression methods if two reweighting rules are followed. We validate the superiority of the proposed method in our real-time high precision positioning system against several popular state-of-the-art robust regression methods. Our method achieves centimeter positioning accuracy in the benchmark region with probability $78.4%$ , outperforming the second best baseline method by a margin of $8.3%$. The benchmark takes 6 hours on 20,000 CPU cores or 14 years on a single CPU.	Robust Gaussian Process Regression for Real-Time High Precision GPS Signal Enhancement	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhibin Li:Jian Zhang:Qiang Wu:Yongshun Gong:Jinfeng Yi:Christina Kirsch	Railway points are among the key components of railway infrastructure. As a part of signal equipment, points control the routes of trains at railway junctions, having a significant impact on the reliability, capacity, and punctuality of rail transport. Meanwhile, they are also one of the most fragile parts in railway systems. Points failures cause a large portion of railway incidents. Traditionally, maintenance of points is based on a fixed time interval or raised after the equipment failures. Instead, it would be of great value if we could forecast points' failures and take action beforehand, minimising any negative effect. To date, most of the existing prediction methods are either lab-based or relying on specially installed sensors which makes them infeasible for large-scale implementation. Besides, they often use data from only one source. We, therefore, explore a new way that integrates multi-source data which are ready to hand to fulfil this task. We conducted our case study based on Sydney Trains rail network which is an extensive network of passenger and freight railways. Unfortunately, the real-world data are usually incomplete due to various reasons, e.g., faults in the database, operational errors or transmission faults. Besides, railway points differ in their locations, types and some other properties, which means it is hard to use a unified model to predict their failures. Aiming at this challenging task, we firstly constructed a dataset from multiple sources and selected key features with the help of domain experts. In this paper, we formulate our prediction task as a multiple kernel learning problem with missing kernels. We present a robust multiple kernel learning algorithm for predicting points failures. Our model takes into account the missing pattern of data as well as the inherent variance on different sets of railway points. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our algorithm compared with other state-of-the-art methods.	Sample Adaptive Multiple Kernel Learning for Failure Prediction of Railway Points	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Thien Q. Tran:Jun Sakuma	Search engine logs have a great potential in tracking and predicting outbreaks of infectious disease. More precisely, one can use the search volume of some search terms to predict the infection rate of an infectious disease in nearly real-time. However, conducting accurate and stable prediction of outbreaks using search engine logs is a challenging task due to the following two-way instability characteristics of the search logs. First, the search volume of a search term may change irregularly in the short-term, for example, due to environmental factors such as the amount of media or news. Second, the search volume may also change in the long-term due to the demographic change of the search engine. That is to say, if a model is trained with such search logs with ignoring such characteristic, the resulting prediction would contain serious mispredictions when these changes occur. In this work, we proposed a novel feature selection method to overcome this instability problem. In particular, we employ a seasonal-adjustment method that decomposes each time series into three components: seasonal, trend and irregular component and build prediction models for each component individually. We also carefully design a feature selection method to select proper search terms to predict each component. We conducted comprehensive experiments on ten different kinds of infectious diseases. The experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms all comparative methods in prediction accuracy for seven of ten diseases, in both now-casting and forecasting setting. Also, the proposed method is more successful in selecting search terms that are semantically related to target diseases.	Seasonal-adjustment Based Feature Selection Method for Predicting Epidemic with Large-scale Search Engine Logs	NA:NA	2018
Ari Biswas:Thai T. Pham:Michael Vogelsong:Benjamin Snyder:Houssam Nassif	This paper introduces Seeker, a system that allows users to adaptively refine search rankings in real time, through a series of feedbacks in the form of likes and dislikes. When searching online, users may not know how to accurately describe their product of choice in words. An alternative approach is to search an embedding space, allowing the user to query using a representation of the item (like a tune for a song, or a picture for an object). However, this approach requires the user to possess an example representation of their desired item. Additionally, most current search systems do not allow the user to dynamically adapt the results with further feedback. On the other hand, users often have a mental picture of the desired item and are able to answer ordinal questions of the form: "Is this item similar to what you have in mind?" With this assumption, our algorithm allows for users to provide sequential feedback on search results to adapt the search feed. We show that our proposed approach works well both qualitatively and quantitatively. Unlike most previous representation-based search systems, we can quantify the quality of our algorithm by evaluating humans-in-the-loop experiments.	Seeker: Real-Time Interactive Search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Priyanka Nigam:Yiwei Song:Vijai Mohan:Vihan Lakshman:Weitian (Allen) Ding:Ankit Shingavi:Choon Hui Teo:Hao Gu:Bing Yin	We study the problem of semantic matching in product search, that is, given a customer query, retrieve all semantically related products from the catalog. Pure lexical matching via an inverted index falls short in this respect due to several factors: a) lack of understanding of hypernyms, synonyms, and antonyms, b) fragility to morphological variants (e.g. "woman" vs. "women"), and c) sensitivity to spelling errors. To address these issues, we train a deep learning model for semantic matching using customer behavior data. Much of the recent work on large-scale semantic search using deep learning focuses on ranking for web search. In contrast, semantic matching for product search presents several novel challenges, which we elucidate in this paper. We address these challenges by a) developing a new loss function that has an inbuilt threshold to differentiate between random negative examples, impressed but not purchased examples, and positive examples (purchased items), b) using average pooling in conjunction with n-grams to capture short-range linguistic patterns, c) using hashing to handle out of vocabulary tokens, and d) using a model parallel training architecture to scale across 8 GPUs. We present compelling offline results that demonstrate at least 4.7% improvement in [emailÂ protected] and 14.5% improvement in mean average precision (MAP) over baseline state-of-the-art semantic search methods using the same tokenization method. Moreover, we present results and discuss learnings from online A/B tests which demonstrate the efficacy of our method.	Semantic Product Search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dimitris Spathis:Sandra Servia-Rodriguez:Katayoun Farrahi:Cecilia Mascolo:Jason Rentfrow	Smartphones have started to be used as self reporting tools for mental health state as they accompany individuals during their days and can therefore gather temporally fine grained data. However, the analysis of self reported mood data offers challenges related to non-homogeneity of mood assessment among individuals due to the complexity of the feeling and the reporting scales, as well as the noise and sparseness of the reports when collected in the wild. In this paper, we propose a new end-to-end ML model inspired by video frame prediction and machine translation, that forecasts future sequences of mood from previous self-reported moods collected in the real world using mobile devices. Contrary to traditional time series forecasting algorithms, our multi-task encoder-decoder recurrent neural network learns patterns from different users, allowing and improving the prediction for users with limited number of self-reports. Unlike traditional feature-based machine learning algorithms, the encoder-decoder architecture enables to forecast a sequence of future moods rather than one single step. Meanwhile, multi-task learning exploits some unique characteristics of the data (mood is bi-dimensional), achieving better results than when training single-task networks or other classifiers. Our experiments using a real-world dataset of 33,000 user-weeks revealed that (i) 3 weeks of sparsely reported mood is the optimal number to accurately forecast mood, (ii) multi-task learning models both dimensions of mood "valence and arousal" with higher accuracy than separate or traditional ML models, and (iii) mood variability, personality traits and day of the week play a key role in the performance of our model. We believe this work provides psychologists and developers of future mobile mental health applications with a ready-to-use and effective tool for early diagnosis of mental health issues at scale.	Sequence Multi-task Learning to Forecast Mental Wellbeing from Sparse Self-reported Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhengxiao Du:Xiaowei Wang:Hongxia Yang:Jingren Zhou:Jie Tang	Cold-start problems are long-standing challenges for practical recommendations. Most existing recommendation algorithms rely on extensive observed data and are brittle to recommendation scenarios with few interactions. This paper addresses such problems usingfew-shot learning andmeta learning. Our approach is based on the insight that having a good generalization from a few examples relies on both a generic model initialization and an effective strategy for adapting this model to newly arising tasks. To accomplish this, we combine the scenario-specific learning with a model-agnostic sequential meta-learning and unify them into an integrated end-to-end framework, namely S cenario-specific S equential Meta learner (or s^2Meta). By doing so, ourmeta-learner produces a generic initial model through aggregating contextual information from a variety of prediction tasks while effectively adapting to specific tasks by leveraging learning-to-learn knowledge. Extensive experiments on various real-world datasets demonstrate that our proposed model can achieve significant gains over the state-of-the-arts for cold-start problems in online recommendation. Deployment is at the Guess You Like session, the front page of the Mobile Taobao; and the illustration video can also be watched from the link\footnote\urlhttps://youtu.be/TNHLZqWnQwc .	Sequential Scenario-Specific Meta Learner for Online Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sobhan Moosavi:Mohammad Hossein Samavatian:Arnab Nandi:Srinivasan Parthasarathy:Rajiv Ramnath	Pattern discovery in geo-spatiotemporal data (such as traffic and weather data) is about finding patterns of collocation, co-occurrence, cascading, or cause and effect between geospatial entities. Using simplistic definitions of spatiotemporal neighborhood (a common characteristic of the existing general-purpose frameworks) is not semantically representative of geo-spatiotemporal data. We therefore introduce a new geo-spatiotemporal pattern discovery framework which defines a semantically correct definition of neighborhood; and then provides two capabilities, one to explore propagation patterns and the other to explore influential patterns. Propagation patterns reveal common cascading forms of geospatial entities in a region. Influential patterns demonstrate the impact of temporally long-term geospatial entities on their neighborhood. We apply this framework on a large dataset of traffic and weather data at countrywide scale, collected for the contiguous United States over two years. Our important findings include the identification of 90 common propagation patterns of traffic and weather entities (e.g., rain --> accident --> congestion), which results in identification of four categories of states within the US; and interesting influential patterns with respect to the "location", "duration", and "type" of long-term entities (e.g., a major construction --> more traffic incidents). These patterns and the categorization of the states provide useful insights on the driving habits and infrastructure characteristics of different regions in the US, and could be of significant value for applications such as urban planning and personalized insurance.	Short and Long-term Pattern Discovery Over Large-Scale Geo-Spatiotemporal Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Drew Dimmery:Eytan Bakshy:Jasjeet Sekhon	We develop and analyze empirical Bayes Stein-type estimators for use in the estimation of causal effects in large-scale online experiments. While online experiments are generally thought to be distinguished by their large sample size, we focus on the multiplicity of treatment groups. The typical analysis practice is to use simple differences-in-means (perhaps with covariate adjustment) as if all treatment arms were independent. In this work we develop consistent, small bias, shrinkage estimators for this setting. In addition to achieving lower mean squared error these estimators retain important frequentist properties such as coverage under most reasonable scenarios. Modern sequential methods of experimentation and optimization such as multi-armed bandit optimization (where treatment allocations adapt over time to prior responses) benefit from the use of our shrinkage estimators. Exploration under empirical Bayes focuses more efficiently on near-optimal arms, improving the resulting decisions made under uncertainty. We demonstrate these properties by examining seventeen routine experiments conducted on Facebook from April to June 2017.	Shrinkage Estimators in Online Experiments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Di Jin:Mark Heimann:Tara Safavi:Mengdi Wang:Wei Lee:Lindsay Snider:Danai Koutra	Email is ubiquitous in the workplace. Naturally, machine learning models that make third-party email clients "smarter" can dramatically impact employees' productivity and efficiency. Motivated by this potential, we study the task of professional role inference from email data, which is crucial for email prioritization and contact recommendation systems. The central question we address is: Given limited data about employees, as is common in third-party email applications, can we infer where in the organizational hierarchy these employees belong based on their email behavior? Toward our goal, in this paper we study professional role inference on a unique new email dataset comprising billions of email exchanges across thousands of organizations. Taking a network approach in which nodes are employees and edges represent email communication, we propose EMBER, or EMBedding Email-based Roles, which finds email-centric embeddings of network nodes to be used in professional role inference tasks. EMBER automatically captures behavioral similarity between employees in the email network, leading to embeddings that naturally distinguish employees of different hierarchical roles. EMBER often outperforms the state-of-the-art by 2-20% in role inference accuracy and 2.5-344x in speed. We also use EMBER with our unique dataset to study how inferred professional roles compare between organizations of different sizes and sectors, gaining new insights into organizational hierarchy.	Smart Roles: Inferring Professional Roles in Email Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Abhilash Reddy Chenreddy:Parshan Pakiman:Selvaprabu Nadarajah:Ranganathan Chandrasekaran:Rick Abens	Product brands employ shopper marketing (SM) strategies to convert shoppers along the path to purchase. Traditional marketing mix models (MMMs), which leverage regression techniques and historical data, can be used to predict the component of sales lift due to SM tactics. The resulting predictive model is a critical input to plan future SM strategies. The implementation of traditional MMMs, however, requires significant ad-hoc manual intervention due to their limited flexibility in (i) explicitly capturing the temporal link between decisions; (ii) accounting for the interaction between business rules and past (sales and decision) data during the attribution of lift to SM; and (iii) ensuring that future decisions adhere to business rules. These issues necessitate MMMs with tailored structures for specific products and retailers, each requiring significant hand-engineering to achieve satisfactory performance -- a major implementation challenge. We propose an SM Optimization and Inverse Learning Engine (SMOILE) that combines optimization and inverse reinforcement learning to streamline implementation. SMOILE learns a model of lift by viewing SM tactic choice as a sequential process, leverages inverse reinforcement learning to explicitly couple sales and decision data, and employs an optimization approach to handle a wide-array of business rules. Using a unique dataset containing sales and SM spend information across retailers and products, we illustrate how SMOILE standardizes the use of data to prescribe future SM decisions. We also track an industry benchmark to showcase the importance of encoding SM lift and decision structures to mitigate spurious results when uncovering the impact of SM decisions.	SMOILE: A Shopper Marketing Optimization and Inverse Learning Engine	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiao Yan:Jaewon Yang:Mikhail Obukhov:Lin Zhu:Joey Bai:Shiqi Wu:Qi He	The main mission of LinkedIn is to connect 610M+ members to the right opportunities. To find the right opportunities, LinkedIn needs to understand each member's skill set and their expertise levels accurately. However, estimating members' skill expertise is challenging due to lack of ground-truth. So far, the industry relied on either hand-created small scale data, or large scale social gestures containing a lot of social bias (e.g., endorsements). In this paper, we develop the Social Skill Validation, a novel framework of collecting validations for members' skill expertise at the scale of billions of member-skill pairs. Unlike social gestures, we collect signals in an anonymous way to ensure objectiveness. We also develop a machine learning model to make smart suggestions to collect validations more efficiently. With the social skill validation data, we discover the insights on how people evaluate other people in professional social networks. For example, we find that the members with higher seniority do not necessarily get positive evaluations compared to more junior members. We evaluate the value of social skill validation data on predicting who is hired for a job requiring a certain skill, and model using social skill validation outperforms the state-of-the art methods on skill expertise estimation by 10%. Our experiments show that the Social Skill Validation we built provides a novel way to estimate the members' skill expertise accurately at large scale and offers a benchmark to validate social theories on peer evaluation.	Social Skill Validation at LinkedIn	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Farhan Asif Chowdhury:Satomi Suzuki:Abdullah Mueen	Real-valued data sequences are often affected by structured noise in addition to random noise. For example, in pressure transient analysis (PTA), semi-log derivatives of log-log diagnostic plots show such contamination of structured noise; especially under multiphase flow condition. In PTA data, structured noise refers to the response to some physical phenomena which is not originated at the reservoir, such as fluid segregation in wellbore or pressure leak due to a brief opening of a valve. Such noisy responses commonly appear to mix up with flow regimes, hindering further reservoir flow analysis. In this paper, we use the Singular Spectrum Analysis (SSA) to decompose PTA data into additive components; subsequently we use the eigenvalues associated with the decomposed components to identify the components that contain most of the structured noise information. We develop a semisupervised process that requires minimal expert supervision in tuning the solitary parameter of our algorithm using only one pressure buildup scenario. An empirical evaluation using real pressure data from oil and gas wells shows that our approach can detect a multitude of structured noise with 74.25% accuracy.	Structured Noise Detection: Application on Well Test Pressure Derivative Data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eitam Sheetrit:Nir Nissim:Denis Klimov:Yuval Shahar	Sepsis is a condition caused by the body's overwhelming and life-threatening response to infection, which can lead to tissue damage, organ failure, and finally death. Today, sepsis is one of the leading causes of mortality among populations in intensive care units (ICUs). Sepsis is difficult to predict, diagnose, and treat, as it involves analyzing different sets of multivariate time-series, usually with problems of missing data, different sampling frequencies, and random noise. Here, we propose a new dynamic-behavior-based model, which we call a Temporal Probabilistic proFile (TPF), for classification and prediction tasks of multivariate time series. In the TPF method, the raw, time-stamped data are first abstracted into a series of higher-level, meaningful concepts, which hold over intervals characterizing time periods. We then discover frequently repeating temporal patterns within the data. Using the discovered patterns, we create a probabilistic distribution of the temporal patterns of the overall entity population, of each target class in it, and of each entity. We then exploit TPFs as meta-features to classify the time series of new entities, or to predict their outcome, by measuring their TPF distance, either to the aggregated TPF of each class, or to the individual TPFs of each of the entities, using negative cross entropy. Our experimental results on a large benchmark clinical data set show that TPFs improve sepsis prediction capabilities, and perform better than other machine learning approaches.	Temporal Probabilistic Profiles for Sepsis Prediction in the ICU	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rama Kumar Pasumarthi:Sebastian Bruch:Xuanhui Wang:Cheng Li:Michael Bendersky:Marc Najork:Jan Pfeifer:Nadav Golbandi:Rohan Anil:Stephan Wolf	Learning-to-Rank deals with maximizing the utility of a list of examples presented to the user, with items of higher relevance being prioritized. It has several practical applications such as large-scale search, recommender systems, document summarization and question answering. While there is widespread support for classification and regression based learning, support for learning-to-rank in deep learning has been limited. We introduce TensorFlow Ranking, the first open source library for solving large-scale ranking problems in a deep learning framework. It is highly configurable and provides easy-to-use APIs to support different scoring mechanisms, loss functions and evaluation metrics in the learning-to-rank setting. Our library is developed on top of TensorFlow and can thus fully leverage the advantages of this platform. TensorFlow Ranking has been deployed in production systems within Google; it is highly scalable, both in training and in inference, and can be used to learn ranking models over massive amounts of user activity data, which can include heterogeneous dense and sparse features. We empirically demonstrate the effectiveness of our library in learning ranking functions for large-scale search and recommendation applications in Gmail and Google Drive. We also show that ranking models built using our model scale well for distributed training, without significant impact on metrics. The proposed library is available to the open source community, with the hope that it facilitates further academic research and industrial applications in the field of learning-to-rank.	TF-Ranking: Scalable TensorFlow Library for Learning-to-Rank	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christian SchÃ¶n:Jens Dittrich:Richard MÃ¼ller	Despite the progress within the last decades, weather forecasting is still a challenging and computationally expensive task. Current satellite-based approaches to predict thunderstorms are usually based on the analysis of the observed brightness temperatures in different spectral channels and emit a warning if a critical threshold is reached. Recent progress in data science however demonstrates that machine learning can be successfully applied to many research fields in science, especially in areas dealing with large datasets. We therefore present a new approach to the problem of predicting thunderstorms based on machine learning. The core idea of our work is to use the error of two-dimensional optical flow algorithms applied to images of meteorological satellites as a feature for machine learning models. We interpret that optical flow error as an indication of convection potentially leading to thunderstorms and lightning. To factor in spatial proximity we use various manual convolution steps. We also consider effects such as the time of day or the geographic location. We train different tree classifier models as well as a neural network to predict lightning within the next few hours (called nowcasting in meteorology) based on these features. In our evaluation section we compare the predictive power of the different models and the impact of different features on the classification result. Our results show a high accuracy of 96% for predictions over the next 15 minutes which slightly decreases with increasing forecast period but still remains above 83% for forecasts of up to five hours. The high false positive rate of nearly 6% however needs further investigation to allow for an operational use of our approach.	The Error is the Feature: How to Forecast Lightning using a Model Prediction Error	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xuan Yin:Liangjie Hong	E-commerce companies have a number of online products, such as organic search, sponsored search, and recommendation modules, to fulfill customer needs. Although each of these products provides a unique opportunity for users to interact with a portion of the overall inventory, they are all similar channels for users and compete for limited time and monetary budgets of users. To optimize users' overall experiences on an E-commerce platform, instead of understanding and improving different products separately, it is important to gain insights into the evidence that a change in one product would induce users to change their behaviors in others, which may be due to the fact that these products are functionally similar. In this paper, we introduce causal mediation analysis as a formal statistical tool to reveal the underlying causal mechanisms. Existing literature provides little guidance on cases where multiple unmeasured causally-dependent mediators exist, which are common in A/B tests. We seek a novel approach to identify in those scenarios direct and indirect effects of the treatment. In the end, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method in data from Etsy's real A/B tests and shed lights on complex relationships between different products.	The Identification and Estimation of Direct and Indirect Effects in A/B Tests through Causal Mediation Analysis	NA:NA	2018
Junting Ye:Steven Skiena	Your name tells a lot about you: your gender, ethnicity and so on. It has been shown that name embeddings are more effective in representing names than traditional substring features. However, our previous name embedding model is trained on private email data and are not publicly accessible. In this paper, we explore learning name embeddings from public Twitter data. We argue that Twitter embeddings have two key advantages: (i) they can and will be publicly released to support research community. (ii) even with a smaller training corpus, Twitter embeddings achieve similar performances on multiple tasks comparing to email embeddings.  As a test case to show the power of name embeddings, we investigate the modeling of lifespans. We find it interesting that adding name embeddings can further improve the performances of models using demographic features, which are traditionally used for lifespan modeling. Through residual analysis, we observe that fine-grained groups (potentially reflecting socioeconomic status) are the latent contributing factors encoded in name embeddings. These were previously hidden to demographic models, and may help to enhance the predictive power of a wide class of research studies.	The Secret Lives of Names?: Name Embeddings from Social Media	NA:NA	2018
Hansheng Ren:Bixiong Xu:Yujing Wang:Chao Yi:Congrui Huang:Xiaoyu Kou:Tony Xing:Mao Yang:Jie Tong:Qi Zhang	Large companies need to monitor various metrics (for example, Page Views and Revenue) of their applications and services in real time. At Microsoft, we develop a time-series anomaly detection service which helps customers to monitor the time-series continuously and alert for potential incidents on time. In this paper, we introduce the pipeline and algorithm of our anomaly detection service, which is designed to be accurate, efficient and general. The pipeline consists of three major modules, including data ingestion, experimentation platform and online compute. To tackle the problem of time-series anomaly detection, we propose a novel algorithm based on Spectral Residual (SR) and Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). Our work is the first attempt to borrow the SR model from visual saliency detection domain to time-series anomaly detection. Moreover, we innovatively combine SR and CNN together to improve the performance of SR model. Our approach achieves superior experimental results compared with state-of-the-art baselines on both public datasets and Microsoft production data.	Time-Series Anomaly Detection Service at Microsoft	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiao Zhou:Cecilia Mascolo:Zhongxiang Zhao	Point-of-Interest (POI) recommender systems play a vital role in people's lives by recommending unexplored POIs to users and have drawn extensive attention from both academia and industry. Despite their value, however, they still suffer from the challenges of capturing complicated user preferences and fine-grained user-POI relationship for spatio-temporal sensitive POI recommendation. Existing recommendation algorithms, including both shallow and deep approaches, usually embed the visiting records of a user into a single latent vector to model user preferences: this has limited power of representation and interpretability. In this paper, we propose a novel topic-enhanced memory network (TEMN), a deep architecture to integrate the topic model and memory network capitalising on the strengths of both the global structure of latent patterns and local neighbourhood-based features in a nonlinear fashion. We further incorporate a geographical module to exploit user-specific spatial preference and POI-specific spatial influence to enhance recommendations. The proposed unified hybrid model is widely applicable to various POI recommendation scenarios. Extensive experiments on real-world WeChat datasets demonstrate its effectiveness (improvement ratio of 3.25% and 29.95% for context-aware and sequential recommendation, respectively). Also, qualitative analysis of the attention weights and topic modeling provides insight into the model's recommendation process and results.	Topic-Enhanced Memory Networks for Personalised Point-of-Interest Recommendation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shobha Venkataraman:Jia Wang	An essential step in the customer care routine of cellular service carriers is determining whether an individual user is impacted by on-going service issues. This is traditionally done by monitoring the network and the services. However, user feedback data, generated when users call customer care agents with problems, is a complementary source of data for this purpose. User feedback data is particularly valuable as it provides the user perspective of the service issues. However, this data is extremely noisy, due to range of issues that users have and the diversity of the language used by care agents. In this paper, we present LOTUS, a system that identifies users impacted by a common root cause (such as a network outage) from user feedback. LOTUS is based on novel algorithmic framework that tightly couples co-training and spatial scan statistics. To model the text in the user feedback, LOTUS also incorporates custom-built language models using deep sequence learning. Through experimental analysis on synthetic and live data, we demonstrate the accuracy of LOTUS. LOTUS has been deployed for several months, and has identified the impact over 200 events.	Towards Identifying Impacted Users in Cellular Services	NA:NA	2018
Qibin Chen:Junyang Lin:Yichang Zhang:Hongxia Yang:Jingren Zhou:Jie Tang	Quality product descriptions are critical for providing competitive customer experience in an E-commerce platform. An accurate and attractive description not only helps customers make an informed decision but also improves the likelihood of purchase. However, crafting a successful product description is tedious and highly time-consuming. Due to its importance, automating the product description generation has attracted considerable interest from both research and industrial communities. Existing methods mainly use templates or statistical methods, and their performance could be rather limited. In this paper, we explore a new way to generate personalized product descriptions by combining the power of neural networks and knowledge base. Specifically, we propose a KnOwledge Based pErsonalized (or KOBE) product description generation model in the context of E-commerce. In KOBE, we extend the encoder-decoder framework, the Transformer, to a sequence modeling formulation using self-attention. In order to make the description both informative and personalized, KOBE considers a variety of important factors during text generation, including product aspects, user categories, and knowledge base. Experiments on real-world datasets demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms the baseline on various metrics. KOBE can achieve an improvement of 9.7% over state-of-the-arts in terms of BLEU. We also present several case studies as the anecdotal evidence to further prove the effectiveness of the proposed approach. The framework has been deployed in Taobao, the largest online E-commerce platform in China.	Towards Knowledge-Based Personalized Product Description Generation in E-commerce	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kevin Fauvel:VÃ©ronique Masson:Ã‰lisa Fromont:Philippe Faverdin:Alexandre Termier	Our research tackles the challenge of milk production resource use efficiency in dairy farms with machine learning methods. Reproduction is a key factor for dairy farm performance since cows milk production begin with the birth of a calf. Therefore, detecting estrus, the only period when the cow is susceptible to pregnancy, is crucial for farm efficiency. Our goal is to enhance estrus detection (performance, interpretability), especially on the currently undetected silent estrus (35% of total estrus), and allow farmers to rely on automatic estrus detection solutions based on affordable data (activity, temperature). In this paper, we first propose a novel approach with real-world data analysis to address both behavioral and silent estrus detection through machine learning methods. Second, we present LCE, a local cascade based algorithm that significantly outperforms a typical commercial solution for estrus detection, driven by its ability to detect silent estrus. Then, our study reveals the pivotal role of activity sensors deployment in estrus detection. Finally, we propose an approach relying on global and local (behavioral versus silent) algorithm interpretability (SHAP) to reduce the mistrust in estrus detection solutions.	Towards Sustainable Dairy Management - A Machine Learning Enhanced Method for Estrus Detection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zheyi Pan:Jie Bao:Weinan Zhang:Yong Yu:Yu Zheng	Trajectory data has been widely used in many urban applications. Sharing trajectory data with effective supervision is a vital task, as it contains private information of moving objects. However, malicious data users can modify trajectories in various ways to avoid data distribution tracking by the hashing-based data signatures, e.g., MD5. Moreover, the existing trajectory data protection scheme can only protect trajectories from either spatial or temporal modifications. Finally, so far there is no authoritative third party for trajectory data sharing process, as trajectory data is too sensitive. To this end, we propose a novel trajectory copyright protection scheme, which can protect trajectory data from comprehensive types of data modifications/attacks. Three main techniques are employed to effectively guarantee the robustness and comprehensiveness of the proposed data sharing scheme: 1) the identity information is embedded distributively across a set of sub-trajectories partitioned based on the spatio-temporal regions; 2) the centroid distance of the sub-trajectories is served as a stable trajectory attribute to embed the information; and 3) the blockchain technique is used as a trusted third party to log all data transaction history for data distribution tracking in a decentralized manner. Extensive experiments were conducted based on two real-world trajectory datasets to demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed scheme.	TrajGuard: A Comprehensive Trajectory Copyright Protection Scheme	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yasuhisa Suzuki:Wemer M. Wee:Itaru Nishioka	This paper considers the automation of a typical complex advertisement scheduling system in broadcast television (TV) networks. Compared to traditional TV advertisement scheduling, we consider the case where not all requests for advertising slots are known at the same time, and time-consuming negotiations related to balancing the TV network's and advertisers' priorities have to be minimized. Although there are existing works that automatically provide schedules using mathematical optimization, the applicability of these techniques to our problem is limited due to the cumbersome formulations necessary for handling vague conditions and aesthetic domain-specific rules necessary for advertisers' satisfaction. To automate the system, we propose a data-driven approach that uses intention learning on top of mathematical optimization and clustering to imitate the decision-making process of scheduling experts. The scheduling of TV ads is automated via mathematical programming, and the expert objectives and constraints are learned from historical demonstrations using inverse optimization. The clustering of TV ads and the learning of associated intentions are used to deal with the cold start problem related to ad requests from new companies or products. Our proposed system is validated on actual dataset from a Japanese TV network. Experiments show that our system can more closely reproduce the experts' schedules compared to standard optimization approaches, demonstrating the potential of our work in reducing personnel costs and improving advertisers' experience. Based on its promising results, our proposed system is being prepared for commercial deployment.	TV Advertisement Scheduling by Learning Expert Intentions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tom SÃ¼hr:Asia J. Biega:Meike Zehlike:Krishna P. Gummadi:Abhijnan Chakraborty	Ride hailing platforms, such as Uber, Lyft, Ola or DiDi, have traditionally focused on the satisfaction of the passengers, or on boosting successful business transactions. However, recent studies provide a multitude of reasons to worry about the drivers in the ride hailing ecosystem. The concerns range from bad working conditions and worker manipulation to discrimination against minorities. With the sharing economy ecosystem growing, more and more drivers financially depend on online platforms and their algorithms to secure a living. It is pertinent to ask what a fair distribution of income on such platforms is and what power and means the platform has in shaping these distributions. In this paper, we analyze job assignments of a major taxi company and observe that there is significant inequality in the driver income distribution. We propose a novel framework to think about fairness in the matching mechanisms of ride hailing platforms. Specifically, our notion of fairness relies on the idea that, spread over time, all drivers should receive benefits proportional to the amount of time they are active in the platform. We postulate that by not requiring every match to be fair, but rather distributing fairness over time, we can achieve better overall benefit for the drivers and the passengers. We experiment with various optimization problems and heuristics to explore the means of achieving two-sided fairness, and investigate their caveats and side-effects. Overall, our work takes the first step towards rethinking fairness in ride hailing platforms with an additional emphasis on the well-being of drivers.	Two-Sided Fairness for Repeated Matchings in Two-Sided Markets: A Case Study of a Ride-Hailing Platform	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yunfei Lu:Linyun Yu:Peng Cui:Chengxi Zang:Renzhe Xu:Yihao Liu:Lei Li:Wenwu Zhu	Recent years witness the merge of social networks and user-generated content (UGC) platforms. In these new platforms, users establish links to others not only driven by their social relationships in the physical world but also driven by the contents published by others. During this merging process, social networks gradually integrate both social and content links and become unprecedentedly complicated, with the motivation to exploit both the advantages of social viscosity and content attractiveness to reach the best customer retention situation. However, due to the lack of fine-grained data recording such merging phenomena, the co-driven mechanism of social and content links in churn remains unexplored. How do social and content factors jointly influence customers' churn? What is the best ratio of social and content links for retention? Is there a model to capture this co-driven mechanism in churn phenomena? In this paper, we collect a real-world dataset with more than 5.77 million users and 1.15 billion links, with each link being tagged as a social one or a content one. We find that both social and content links have a significant impact on users' churn and they work jointly as a complicated mixture effect. As a result, we propose a novel survival model, which incorporates both social and content factors, to predict churn probability over time. Our model successfully fits the churn distribution in reality and accurately predicts the churn rate of different subpopulations in the future. By analyzing the modeling parameters, we try to strike a balance between social-driven and content-driven links in a user's social network to reach the lowest churn rate. Our model and findings may have potential implications for the design of future social media.	Uncovering the Co-driven Mechanism of Social and Content Links in User Churn Phenomena	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yichao Zhou:Shaunak Mishra:Jelena Gligorijevic:Tarun Bhatia:Narayan Bhamidipati	Paths of online users towards a purchase event (conversion) can be very complex, and guiding them through their journey is an integral part of online advertising. Studies in marketing indicate that a conversion event is typically preceded by one or more purchase funnel stages, viz., unaware, aware, interest, consideration, and intent. Intuitively, some online activities, including web searches, site visits and ad interactions, can serve as markers for the user's funnel stage. Identifying such markers can potentially refine conversion prediction, guide the design of ad creatives (text and images), and lead to higher ad effectiveness. We explore this hypothesis through a set of experiments designed for two tasks: (i) conversion prediction given a user's activity trail, and (ii) funnel stage specific targeting and creatives. To address challenges in the two tasks, we propose an attention based recurrent neural network (RNN) which ingests a user activity trail, and predicts the user's conversion probability along with attention weights for each activity (analogous to its position in the funnel). Specifically, we propose novel attention mechanisms, which maintain a global weight for each activity across all user trails, and also indicate the activity's funnel stage. Use of the proposed attention mechanisms for the first task of conversion prediction shows significant AUC lifts of 0.9% on a public dataset (RecSys 2015 challenge), and up to 3.6% on three proprietary datasets from a major advertising platform (Yahoo Gemini). To address the second task, the activity weights from the proposed mechanisms are used to automatically assign users to funnel stages via a scalable scoring method. Offline evaluation shows that such activity weights are more aligned with editorially tagged activity-funnel stages compared to weights from existing attention mechanisms and simpler conversion models like logistic regression. In addition, results of online ad campaigns in Yahoo Gemini with funnel specific user targeting and ad creatives show strong performance lifts further validating the connection across online activities, purchase funnel stages, stage-specific custom creatives, and conversions.	Understanding Consumer Journey using Attention based Recurrent Neural Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Jiang:Aakash Sabharwal:Adam Henderson:Diane Hu:Liangjie Hong	Aesthetic style is the crux of many purchasing decisions. When considering an item for purchase, buyers need to be aligned not only with the functional aspects (e.g. description, category, ratings) of an item's specification, but also its stylistic and aesthetic aspects (e.g. modern, classical, retro) as well. Style becomes increasingly important on e-commerce sites like Etsy, an online marketplace for handmade and vintage goods, where hundreds of thousands of items can differ by style and aesthetic alone. As such, it is important for industry recommender systems to properly model style when understanding shoppers' buying preference. In past work, because of its abstract nature, style is often approached in an unsupervised manner, represented by nameless latent factors or embeddings. As a result, there has been no previous work on predictive models nor analysis devoted to understanding how style, or even the presence of style, impacts a buyer's purchase decision. In this paper, we discuss a novel process by which we leverage 43 named styles given by merchandising experts in order to bootstrap large-scale style prediction and analysis of how style impacts purchase decision. We train a supervised, style-aware deep neural network that is shown to predict item style with high accuracy, while generating style-aware embeddings that can be used in downstream recommendation tasks. We share in our analysis, based on over a year's worth of transaction data and show that these findings are crucial to understanding how to more explicitly leverage style signal in industry-scale recommender systems.	Understanding the Role of Style in E-commerce Shopping	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wei-Hung Weng:Yu-An Chung:Peter Szolovits	As patients' access to their doctors' clinical notes becomes common, translating professional, clinical jargon to layperson-understandable language is essential to improve patient-clinician communication. Such translation yields better clinical outcomes by enhancing patients' understanding of their own health conditions, and thus improving patients' involvement in their own care. Existing research has used dictionary-based word replacement or definition insertion to approach the need. However, these methods are limited by expert curation, which is hard to scale and has trouble generalizing to unseen datasets that do not share an overlapping vocabulary. In contrast, we approach the clinical word and sentence translation problem in a completely unsupervised manner. We show that a framework using representation learning, bilingual dictionary induction and statistical machine translation yields the best precision at 10 of 0.827 on professional-to-consumer word translation, and mean opinion scores of 4.10 and 4.28 out of 5 for clinical correctness and layperson readability, respectively, on sentence translation. Our fully-unsupervised strategy overcomes the curation problem, and the clinically meaningful evaluation reduces biases from inappropriate evaluators, which are critical in clinical machine learning.	Unsupervised Clinical Language Translation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuxuan Liang:Kun Ouyang:Lin Jing:Sijie Ruan:Ye Liu:Junbo Zhang:David S. Rosenblum:Yu Zheng	Urban flow monitoring systems play important roles in smart city efforts around the world. However, the ubiquitous deployment of monitoring devices, such as CCTVs, induces a long-lasting and enormous cost for maintenance and operation. This suggests the need for a technology that can reduce the number of deployed devices, while preventing the degeneration of data accuracy and granularity. In this paper, we aim to infer the real-time and fine-grained crowd flows throughout a city based on coarse-grained observations. This task is challenging due to the two essential reasons: the spatial correlations between coarse- and fine-grained urban flows, and the complexities of external impacts. To tackle these issues, we develop a method entitled UrbanFM based on deep neural networks. Our model consists of two major parts: 1) an inference network to generate fine-grained flow distributions from coarse-grained inputs by using a feature extraction module and a novel distributional upsampling module; 2) a general fusion subnet to further boost the performance by considering the influences of different external factors. Extensive experiments on two real-world datasets validate the effectiveness and efficiency of our method, demonstrating its state-of-the-art performance on this problem.	UrbanFM: Inferring Fine-Grained Urban Flows	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Haipeng Chen:Rui Liu:Noseong Park:V.S. Subrahmanian	When a new cyber-vulnerability is detected, a Common Vulnerability and Exposure (CVE) number is attached to it. Malicious "exploits'' may use these vulnerabilities to carry out attacks. Unlike works which study if a CVE will be used in an exploit, we study the problem of predicting when an exploit is first seen. This is an important question for system administrators as they need to devote scarce resources to take corrective action when a new vulnerability emerges. Moreover, past works assume that CVSS scores (released by NIST) are available for predictions, but we show on average that 49% of real world exploits occur before CVSS scores are published. This means that past works, which use CVSS scores, miss almost half of the exploits. In this paper, we propose a novel framework to predict when a vulnerability will be exploited via Twitter discussion, without using CVSS score information. We introduce the unique concept of a family of CVE-Author-Tweet (CAT) graphs and build a novel set of features based on such graphs. We define recurrence relations capturing "hotness" of tweets, "expertise" of Twitter users on CVEs, and "availability" of information about CVEs, and prove that we can solve these recurrences via a fix point algorithm. Our second innovation adopts Hawkes processes to estimate the number of tweets/retweets related to the CVEs. Using the above two sets of novel features, we propose two ensemble forecast models FEEU (for classification) and FRET (for regression) to predict when a CVE will be exploited. Compared with natural adaptations of past works (which predict if an exploit will be used), FEEU increases F1 score by 25.1%, while FRET decreases MAE by 37.2%.	Using Twitter to Predict When Vulnerabilities will be Exploited	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Weicong Ding:Dinesh Govindaraj:S V N Vishwanathan	The Amazon video homepage is the primary gateway for customers looking to explore the large collection of content, and finding something interesting to watch. Typically, the page is personalized for a customer, and consists of a series of widgets or carousels, with each widget containing multiple items (e.g., movies, TV shows etc). Ranking the widgets needs to maximize relevance, and maintain diversity, while simultaneously satisfying business constraints. We present the first unified framework for dealing with relevance, diversity, and business constraints simultaneously. Towards this end, we derive a novel primal-dual algorithm which incorporates local diversity constraints as well as global business constraints for whole page optimization. Through extensive offline experiments and an online A/B test, we show that our proposed method achieves significantly higher user engagement compared to existing methods, while also simultaneously satisfying business constraints. For instance, in an online A/B test, our framework improved key metrics such as customer streaming minutes by 0.77% and customer distinct streaming days by 0.32% over a state-of-the-art submodular diversity model.	Whole Page Optimization with Global Constraints	NA:NA:NA	2018
Carlos Guestrin	Machine learning (ML) has had a tremendous impact in across the world over the last decade. As we think about ML solving complex tasks, sometimes at super-human levels, it is easy to forget that there is no machine learning without humans in the loop. Humans define tasks and metrics, develop and program algorithms, collect and label data, debug and optimize systems, and are (usually) ultimately the users of the ML-based applications we are developing. In this talk, we will cover 4 human-centered perspectives in the ML development process, along with methods and systems, to empower humans to maximize the ultimate impact of their ML-based applications.	4 Perspectives in Human-Centered Machine Learning	NA	2018
Joseph Bradley	Data science in modern applications is pushing the limits of tools and organizations. The scale of data, the breadth of required skill sets, and the complexity of workflows all cause organizations to stumble when developing data-powered applications and moving them to production. This talk will discuss these challenges and Databricks' efforts to overcome them within open source software projects like Apache Spark and MLflow. Apache Spark has simplified large-scale ETL and analytics, and its Project Hydrogen helps to bridge the gap between Spark and ML tools such as TensorFlow and Horovod. MLflow, an open source platform for managing ML lifecycles, facilitates experimentation, reproducibility and deployment. We will present insights from our collaborations on these projects, as well as our perspective at Databricks in facilitating data science for a wide variety of organizations and applications.	Addressing Challenges in Data Science: Scale, Skill Sets and Complexity	NA	2018
Ashok Srivastava	Small businesses are the lifeblood of the U.S. economy, representing an astounding 99.9 percent of all businesses, creating two-thirds of net new jobs, and accounting for 44 percent of economic activity. Yet, 50 percent of small businesses go out of business in the first 5 years. What's behind this dismal statistic? Among the top contributing factors is cash flow management. Owners who cannot efficiently manage the inflow and outflow of cash are almost certain to fail. And, those who can are more likely to break through the statistical 5-year barrier to build thriving businesses.  In this talk, we'll describe novel applications of artificial intelligence and large-scale machine learning aimed at addressing the problem of forecasting cash flow for small businesses. These are sparse, high-dimensional correlated time series. We'll present new results on forecasting this type of time series, using scalable Gaussian Processes with kernels formed through the use of deep learning. These methods yield highly accurate predictions but also include a principled approach for generating confidence intervals.	AI for Small Businesses and Consumers: Applications and Innovations	NA	2018
Hongxia Yang	An increasing number of machine learning tasks require dealing with large graph datasets, which capture rich and complex relation- ship among potentially billions of elements. Graph Neural Network (GNN) becomes an effective way to address the graph learning problem by converting the graph data into a low dimensional space while keeping both the structural and property information to the maximum extent and constructing a neural network for training and referencing. However, it is challenging to provide an efficient graph storage and computation capabilities to facilitate GNN training and enable development of new GNN algorithms. In this paper, we present a comprehensive graph neural network system, namely AliGraph, which consists of distributed graph storage, optimized sampling operators and runtime to efficiently support not only existing popular GNNs but also a series of in-house developed ones for different scenarios. The system is currently deployed at Alibaba to support a variety of business scenarios, including product recommendation and personalized search at Alibaba's E-Commerce platform. By conducting extensive experiments on a real-world dataset with 492.90 million vertices, 6.82 billion edges and rich attributes, Ali- Graph performs an order of magnitude faster in terms of graph building (5 minutes vs hours reported from the state-of-the-art PowerGraph platform). At training, AliGraph runs 40%-50% faster with the novel caching strategy and demonstrates around 12 times speed up with the improved runtime. In addition, our in-house developed GNN models all showcase their statistically significant superiorities in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency (e.g., 4.12% 17.19% lift by F1 scores).	AliGraph: A Comprehensive Graph Neural Network Platform	NA	2018
Ganesh Thondikulam	Data scientists today spend significant portions of their time in finding and preparing data rather than analyzing, building and deploying models. The challenges and opportunities will be explored by using a design thinking approach, to increase Analytics / ML throughput at scale.	Analytics Journey Map: An Approach Enable to ML at Scale	NA	2018
Hassan Sawaf	The advent of advanced modeling for general machine learning, and in particular computer vision, speech recognition and natural language processing, the applications of AI is enabling classical businesses to reinvent themselves, and new business fields to arise which were even not imaginable a few years back. Hassan will present some of these use cases, and dive into some in more detail, showing where current and future AI/ML technology is accelerating innovation.	Applications of AI/ML in Established and New Industries	NA	2018
Kumar Chellapilla	Lyft's mission is to improve people's lives with the world's best transportation. Self driving vehicles have the potential to deliver unprecedented improvements to safety and quality, at a price and convenience that challenges traditional models of vehicle ownership. A combination of hardware, software, and knowledge technologies are needed to build self-driving cars. In this talk, I'll present the core problems in self-driving and how recent advances in computer vision, robotics, and machine learning are powering this revolution. The car is carefully designed with a variety of sensors that complement each other to address a wide variety of driving scenarios. Sensor fusion bring all of these signals together into an interpretable AI engine comprising of perception, prediction, planning, and controls. For example, deep learning models and large scale machine learning have closed the gap between human and machine perception. In contrast, predicting the behavior of other humans and effectively planning and negotiating maneuvers continue to be hard problems. Combining AI technologies with deep knowledge about the real world is key to addressing these.	Building a Better Self-Driving Car: Hardware, Software, and Knowledge	NA	2018
Ya Xu	I plan to talk about a few big challenges we have at LinkedIn in the space of Data Science. The ones coming to my mind are (1) Measuring long-term impact; (2) Learning while preserving privacy; (3) Fairness. I can also touch upon productivity and efficiency -- which is a very practical challenge I'm sure all DS organizations face.	Data Science Challenges @ LinkedIn	NA	2018
Ramakrishna Nemani	The latest generation of geostationary satellites carry sensors such as the Advanced Baseline Imager (GOES-16/17) and the Advanced Himawari Imager (Himawari-8/9) that closely mimic the spatial and spectral characteristics of widely used polar orbiting sensors such as EOS/MODIS. More importantly, they provide observations at 1-5-15 minute intervals, instead of twice a day from MODIS, offering unprecedented opportunities for monitoring large parts of the Earth. In addition to serving the needs of weather forecasting, these observations offer new and exciting opportunities in managing solar power, fighting wildfires, and tracking air pollution. Creation of actionable information in near realtime from these data streams is a challenge that is best addressed through collaborative efforts among the industry, academia and government agencies.	Earth Observations from a New Generation of Geostationary Satellites	NA	2018
David Heckerman	There are two aspects of data that make them big: sample size and dimensionality. The advantages of large sample size have long been touted. In contrast, high dimensionality has typically been seen as an obstacle to successful analysis. In this talk, using the area of genomics as an example, I will illustrate some of the advantages of high dimensionality.	Exploiting High Dimensionality in Big Data	NA	2018
Paige Maas	After a natural disaster or other crisis, humanitarian organizations need to know where affected people are located and what resources they need. While this information is difficult to capture quickly through conventional methods, aggregate usage patterns of social media apps like Facebook can help fill these information gaps. This talk will describe the data and methodology that power Facebook Disaster Maps. These maps utilize information about Facebook usage in areas impacted by natural hazards, producing insights into how the population is affected by and responding to the hazard. In addition to methodology details, including efforts taken to ensure the security and privacy of Facebook users, I'll also discuss how we worked with humanitarian partners to develop the maps, which are actively used in disaster response today. I'll give examples of insights generated from the maps and I'll also discuss some limitations of the current methodologies, challenges, and opportunities for improvement.	Facebook Disaster Maps: Aggregate Insights for Crisis Response & Recovery	NA	2018
Richard Caruana	Every data set is flawed, often in ways that are unanticipated and difficult to detect. If you can't understand what your model has learned, then you almost certainly are shipping models that are less accurate than they could be and which might even be risky. Historically there has been a tradeoff between accuracy and intelligibility: accurate models such as neural nets, boosted tress and random forests are not very intelligible, and intelligible models such as logistic regression and small trees or decision lists usually are less accurate. In mission-critical domains such as healthcare, where being able to understand, validate, edit and ultimately trust a model is important, one often had to choose less accurate models. But this is changing. We have developed a learning method based on generalized additive models with pairwise interactions (GA2Ms) that is as accurate as full complexity models yet even more interpretable than logistic regression. In this talk I'll highlight the kinds of problems that are lurking in all of our datasets, and how these interpretable, high-performance GAMs are making what was previously hidden, visible. I'll also show how we're using these models to uncover bias in models where fairness and transparency are important. (Code for the models has recently been released open-source.)	Friends Don't Let Friends Deploy Black-Box Models: The Importance of Intelligibility in Machine Learning	NA	2018
Neel Sundaresan	The last decade has seen three great phenomena in computing - the rebirth of AI algorithms and AI hardware; the evolution of cloud computing and distributed software development; and the explosive growth of open source software that has led to the availability of code as data, and its associated metadata, at scale. In this talk, we will describe how we take advantage of innovations in these dimensions to improve developer productivity and infuse AI and automation into software processes. We will discuss examples of how we built intelligent software by creating AI algorithms driven by deep understanding of code as data. In addition, we will talk about how data can also be treated as code for the next-generation AI-infused software development.	From Code to Data: AI at Scale for Developer Productivity	NA	2018
Ruslan Salakhutdinov	In this talk, I will first discuss deep learning models that can find semantically meaningful representations of words, learn to read documents and answer questions about their content. I will show how we can encode external linguistic knowledge as an explicit memory in recurrent neural networks, and use it to model co-reference relations in text. I will further introduce methods that can augment neural representation of text with structured data from Knowledge Bases for question answering, and show how we can use structured prior knowledge from Knowledge Graphs for image classification. Finally, I will introduce the notion of structured memory as being a crucial part of an intelligent agent's ability to plan and reason in partially observable environments. I will present a modular hierarchical reinforcement learning agent that can learn to store arbitrary information about the environment over long time lags, perform efficient exploration and long-term planning, while generalizing across domains and tasks.	Integrating Domain-Knowledge into Deep Learning	NA	2018
Olga Liakhovich:Gabriel DomÃ­nguez Conde	Official figures in Africa indicate that 1,349 rhinos were killed in 2015. This marked the most critical moment of the current rhino poaching crisis that began in 2008. This trend has since reversed to the minimum of 1,124 poached rhinos achieved in 2017. Although this brings hope, this emergency is still a formidable challenge that needs to be tackled from a multi-angle approach including anti-poaching collaboration among countries to enforce effective wildlife crime laws, target campaigns in the illegal horn rhino end-user countries like China and Vietnam, and the adoption of cutting-edge technology by governmental agencies and conservationist NGOs. In this talk, we will highlight the recent efforts of Peace Parks Foundation (PPF), the advocate for the creation of transfrontier conservation areas in South Africa, and Microsoft to address this crisis. We will explain how, through the joint use of deep learning and Cloud, PPF and Microsoft developed a fast and accurate potential poacher detection solution that allows PPF to allocate the park resources in a smarter and more efficient manner.	Preventing Rhino Poaching through Machine Learning	NA:NA	2018
Romer Rosales	Artificial Intelligence (AI) is behind practically every product experience at LinkedIn. From ranking the member's feed to recommending new jobs, AI is used to fulfill our mission to connect the world's professionals to make them more productive and successful. While product functionality can be decomposed into separate components, they are deeply interconnected; thus, creating interesting questions and challenging AI problems that need to be solved in a sound and practical manner. In this talk, I will provide an overview of lessons learned and approaches we have developed to address these problems, including scaling to large problem sizes, handling multiple conflicting objective functions, efficient model tuning, and our progress toward using AI to optimize the LinkedIn product ecosystem more holistically.	Product Ecosystem Optimization at LinkedIn	NA	2018
Yinglong Xia	A unified graph engine has been playing increasingly critical roles in many applications, especially for those requiring cross-domain analysis and near real-time decision-making on massive data, aiming to offer integrated and efficient end-to-end capabilities in concurrent graph data query, interactive graph analysis, and large scale graph-based (deep) learning. However, there is barely a unified graph system for enterprise use to the best of our knowledge. Simply assembling some frameworks/libraries together can result in significant performance degradation, due to the sparsity of graph data and irregular data access patterns, which adversely impacts its adoption in industry. In this talk, we will exemplify the challenges using our three efforts on making metropolitan districts smart within an integrated engine, which consist of managing a complex synergy of heterogeneous urban data via property graphs, modeling traffic flow patterns from the stored data through heterogenous information network analysis, and predicting traffics interactively using emerging graph neural networks. Although smart city is projected to become one of the most promising scenarios in the AI era, the unified graph engine can address many other domains such knowledge graph analysis and multi-modality medical research. We will address in the talk the progress towards the above three scientific directions and also point out relevant future research opportunities from the industrial perspective.	Roll of Unified Graph Analysis Platforms	NA	2018
Elena Grewal	In this talk I will share my experience at the start of "Data Science" in 2012, joining one of the fastest growing early stage unicorns and then building data science over 7 years. What we think of when we think of data science has evolved rapidly during this time. At Airbnb we now use data across product and operations, and for decisions by humans and machines. I will share my predictions for the future and where I believe data science can make the biggest impact in the years to come.	Seven Years of Data Science at Airbnb	NA	2018
Jairam Ranganathan	Advances in supervised machine learning have frequently been fueled by access to large-scale labeled data. In business, however, natural labels may not exist. In these cases, a common industry playbook involves using manual, human annotation to label enough data points in order to train a model. This paper describes a general structure for accelerating the annotation process using artificial intelligence and combining it with model quality assurance (QA). In this talk we walk through this process in detail. We start with rich manual annotation of a small number of unlabeled data points. These can then be used to train a series of coarse predictive models that are used to prepopulate some default selections in the annotation tool and speed up annotator performance. With more data points, models can be retrained on a regular cadence and less human intervention is required. Finally, models can provide defaults for all fields, and re-training continues until the annotator override rate reaches a production-grade level. Tradeoffs of this type of approach include balancing the in- creased annotation efficiency with engineering costs associated with building annotation and quality assurance tools. We will walk through these tradeoffs, which depend on the problem class and complexity of the model. Finally, we will include a detailed industry case study based on the use of artificial intelligence in the annotation process at KeepTruckin, where we use annotation to label vehicle location history data.	Spinning the AI Pinwheel	NA	2018
Konstantinos Katsiapis:Kevin Haas	The discipline of Software Engineering has evolved over the past 5+ decades to good levels of maturity. This maturity is in fact both a blessing and a necessity, since the modern world largely depends on it. At the same time, the popularity of Machine Learning (ML) has been steadily increasing over the past 2+ decades, and over the last decade ML is being increasingly used for both experimentation and production workloads. It is no longer uncommon for ML to power widely used applications and products that are integral parts of our life. Much like what was the case for Software Engineering, the proliferation of use of ML technology necessitates the evolution of the ML discipline from "Coding" to "Engineering".  Gus Katsiapis offers a view from the trenches of using and building end-to-end ML platforms, and shares collective knowledge and experience, gothered over more than a decade of applied ML at Google. We hope this helps pave the way towards a world of ML Engineering.  Kevin Haas offers an overview of TensorFlow Extended (TFX), the end-to-end machine learning platform for TensorFlow that powers products across all of Alphabet (and beyond). TFX helps effectively manage the end-to-end training and production workflow including model management, versioning, and serving, thereby helping one realize aspects of ML Engineering.	Towards ML Engineering with TensorFlow Extended (TFX)	NA:NA	2018
Jieping Ye	Didi Chuxing is the world's leading mobile transportation platform that offers a full range of app-based transportation options for 550 million users. Every day, DiDi's platform receives over 100TB new data, processes more than 40 billion routing requests, and acquires over 15 billion location points. Machine learning has been used in numerous components of DiDi's platform to improve travel safety, experience and efficiency. This talk systematically presents the challenges and opportunities in the core area of modern transportation systems, and highlights some of our recent works on order dispatching and fleet management via deep reinforcement learning.	Transportation: A Data Driven Approach	NA	2018
Sreenivas Gollapudi	Recent years have witnessed the rise of many successful e-commerce marketplace platforms like AirBnB, Uber/Lyft, and Upwork, where a central platform mediates economic transactions between buyers and sellers. Some common features that distinguish such marketplaces from more traditional marketplaces are search and discovery of the service providers which could result in asymmetric matching of services; sharing of a service by multiple users such as ride-sharing; and handling different preferences such as patience, desired level of service expressed by participating agents. In this talk, I will summarize our work on different welfare maximizing strategies arising out of the aforementioned scenarios.	Welfare Maximization in Online Two-sided Marketplaces	NA	2018
Bogdan Cautis:Silviu Maniu:Nikolaos Tziortziotis	Information diffusion and social influence are more and more present in today's Web ecosystem. Having algorithms that optimize the presence and message diffusion on social media is indeed crucial to all actors (media companies, political parties, corporations, etc.) who advertise on the Web. Motivated by the need for effective viral marketing strategies, influence estimation and influence maximization have therefore become important research problems, leading to a plethora of methods. However, the majority of these methods are non-adaptive, and therefore not appropriate for scenarios in which influence campaigns may be ran and observed over multiple rounds, nor for scenarios which cannot assume full knowledge over the diffusion networks and the ways information spreads in them. In this tutorial we intend to present the recent research on adaptive influence maximization,which aims to address these limitations. This can be seen as a particular case of the influence maximization problem (seeds in a social graph are selected to maximize information spread), one in which the decisions are taken as the influence campaign unfolds, over multiple rounds, and where knowledge about the graph topology and the influence process may be partial or even entirely missing. This setting, depending on the underlying assumptions, leads to variate and original approaches and algorithmic techniques, as we have witnessed in recent literature. We will review the most relevant research in this area, by organizing it along several key dimensions, and by discussing the methods' advantages and shortcomings, along with open research questions and the practical aspects of their implementation. Tutorial slides will become publicly available on https://sites.google.com/view/aim-tutorial/home.	Adaptive Influence Maximization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hsuan-Tien Lin	Classification is an important problem for data mining and knowledge discovery and comes with a wide range of applications. Different applications usually evaluate the classification performance with different criteria. The variety of criteria calls for cost-sensitive classification algorithms, which take the specific criterion as input to the learning algorithm and adapt to different criteria more easily. While the cost-sensitive binary classification problem has been relatively well-studied, the cost-sensitive multiclass and multilabel classification problems are harder to solve because of the sophisticated nature of their evaluation criteria. The tutorial aims to review current techniques for solving cost-sensitive multiclass and multilabel classification problems, with the hope of helping more real-world applications enjoy the benefits of cost-sensitive classification.	Advances in Cost-sensitive Multiclass and Multilabel Classification	NA	2018
Xiaolin Shi:Pavel Dmitriev:Somit Gupta:Xin Fu	A/B Testing is the gold standard to estimate the causal relationship between a change in a product and its impact on key outcome measures. It is widely used in the industry to test changes ranging from simple copy change or UI change to more complex changes like using machine learning models to personalize user experience. The key aspect of A/B testing is evaluation of experiment results. Designing the right set of metrics - correct outcome measures, data quality indicators, guardrails that prevent harm to business, and a comprehensive set of supporting metrics to understand the "why" behind the key movements is the #1 challenge practitioners face when trying to scale their experimentation program [18, 22]. On the technical side, improving sensitivity of experiment metrics is a hard problem and an active research area, with large practical implications as more and more small and medium size businesses are trying to adopt A/B testing and suffer from insufficient power. In this tutorial we will discuss challenges, best practices, and pitfalls in evaluating experiment results, focusing on both lessons learned and practical guidelines as well as open research questions.	Challenges, Best Practices and Pitfalls in Evaluating Results of Online Controlled Experiments	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jingbo Shang:Jiaming Shen:Liyuan Liu:Jiawei Han	Real-world data exists largely in the form of unstructured texts. A grand challenge on data mining research is to develop effective and scalable methods that may transform unstructured text into structured knowledge. Based on our vision, it is highly beneficial to transform such text into structured heterogeneous information networks, on which actionable knowledge can be generated based on the user's need. In this tutorial, we provide a comprehensive overview on recent research and development in this direction. First, we introduce a series of effective methods that construct heterogeneous information networks from massive, domain-specific text corpora. Then we discuss methods that mine such text-rich networks based on the user's need. Specifically, we focus on scalable, effective, weakly supervised, language-agnostic methods that work on various kinds of text. We further demonstrate, on real datasets (including news articles, scientific publications, and product reviews), how information networks can be constructed and how they can assist further exploratory analysis.	Constructing and Mining Heterogeneous Information Networks from Massive Text	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xin Luna Dong:Theodoros Rekatsinas	As data volume and variety have increased, so have the ties between machine learning and data integration become stronger. For machine learning to be effective, one must utilize data from the greatest possible variety of sources; and this is why data integration plays a key role. At the same time machine learning is driving automation in data integration, resulting in overall reduction of integration costs and improved accuracy. This tutorial focuses on three aspects of the synergistic relationship between data integration and machine learning: (1) we survey how state-of-the-art data integration solutions rely on machine learning-based approaches for accurate results and effective human-in-the-loop pipelines, (2) we review how end-to-end machine learning applications rely on data integration to identify accurate, clean, and relevant data for their analytics exercises, and (3) we discuss open research challenges and opportunities that span across data integration and machine learning.	Data Integration and Machine Learning: A Natural Synergy	NA:NA	2018
Cao Xiao:Jimeng Sun	In silico modeling of medicine refers to the direct use of computational methods in support of drug discovery and development. Machine learning and data mining methods have become an integral part of in silico modeling and demonstrated promising performance at various phases of the drug discovery and development process. In this tutorial we will introduce data analytic methods in drug discovery and development. For the first half, we will provide an overview about related data and analytic tasks, and then present the enabling data analytic methods for these tasks. For the second half, we will describe concrete applications of each of those tasks. The tutorial will be concluded with open problems and a Q&A session.	Tutorial: Data Mining Methods for Drug Discovery and Development	NA:NA	2018
Jen-Tzung Chien	This tutorial addresses the advances in deep Bayesian mining and learning for natural language with ubiquitous applications ranging from speech recognition to document summarization, text classification, text segmentation, information extraction, image caption generation, sentence generation, dialogue control, sentiment classification, recommendation system, question answering and machine translation, to name a few. Traditionally, "deep learning" is taken to be a learning process where the inference or optimization is based on the real-valued deterministic model. The "semantic structure" in words, sentences, entities, actions and documents drawn from a large vocabulary may not be well expressed or correctly optimized in mathematical logic or computer programs. The "distribution function" in discrete or continuous latent variable model for natural language may not be properly decomposed or estimated. This tutorial addresses the fundamentals of statistical models and neural networks, and focus on a series of advanced Bayesian models and deep models including hierarchical Dirichlet process, Chinese restaurant process, hierarchical Pitman-Yor process, Indian buffet process, recurrent neural network, long short-term memory, sequence-to-sequence model, variational auto-encoder, generative adversarial network, attention mechanism, memory-augmented neural network, skip neural network, stochastic neural network, predictive state neural network, policy neural network. We present how these models are connected and why they work for a variety of applications on symbolic and complex patterns in natural language. The variational inference and sampling method are formulated to tackle the optimization for complicated models. The word and sentence embeddings, clustering and co-clustering are merged with linguistic and semantic constraints. A series of case studies are presented to tackle different issues in deep Bayesian mining, learning and understanding. At last, we will point out a number of directions and outlooks for future studies.	Deep Bayesian Mining, Learning and Understanding	NA	2018
Weiwei Guo:Huiji Gao:Jun Shi:Bo Long:Liang Zhang:Bee-Chung Chen:Deepak Agarwal	Search and recommender systems share many fundamental components including language understanding, retrieval and ranking, and language generation. Building powerful search and recommender systems requires processing natural language effectively and efficiently. Recent rapid growth of deep learning technologies has presented both opportunities and challenges in this area. This tutorial offers an overview of deep learning based natural language processing (NLP) for search and recommender systems from an industry perspective. It first introduces deep learning based NLP technologies, including language understanding and language generation. Then it details how those technologies can be applied to common tasks in search and recommender systems, including query and document understanding, retrieval and ranking, and language generation. Applications in LinkedIn production systems are presented. The tutorial concludes with discussion of future trend.	Deep Natural Language Processing for Search and Recommender Systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jennifer Chayes	There are numerous examples of sparse massive networks, in particular the Internet, WWW and online social networks. How do we model and learn these networks? In contrast to conventional learning problems, where we have many independent samples, it is often the case for these networks that we can get only one independent sample. How do we use a single snapshot today to learn a model for the network, and therefore be able to predict a similar, but larger network in the future? In the case of relatively small or moderately sized networks, it's appropriate to model the network parametrically, and attempt to learn these parameters. For massive networks, a non-parametric representation is more appropriate. In this talk, we first review the theory of graphons, developed over the last decade to describe limits of dense graphs, and the more the recent theory describing sparse graphs of unbounded average degree, including power-law graphs. We then show how to use these graphons as non-parametric models for sparse networks. Finally, we show how to get consistent estimators of these non-parametric models, and moreover how to do this in a way that protects the privacy of individuals on the network.	Graphons and Machine Learning: Modeling and Estimation of Sparse Massive Networks	NA	2016
Nando de Freitas	Deep neural network representations play an important role in computer vision, speech, computational linguistics, robotics, reinforcement learning and many other data-rich domains. In this talk I will show that learning-to-learn and compositionality are key ingredients for dealing with knowledge transfer so as to solve a wide range of tasks, for dealing with small-data regimes, and for continual learning. I will demonstrate this with several examples from my research team: learning to learn by gradient descent by gradient descent, neural programmers and interpreters, and learning communication.	Learning to Learn and Compositionality with Deep Recurrent Neural Networks: Learning to Learn and Compositionality	NA	2016
Whitfield Diffie	When you are developing security systems, new penetration techniques seem to appear as responses to new security measures but in general the flow is the other way around: security exists and evolves because of the evolution of threats. Beginning with the rise of radio in the 20th Century attacks on communication networks have shown two forms: those that go for the big kill --- such as the breaking of Enigma --- and those that assemble small seemingly innocuous leaks of information into a comprehensive understanding of the target's behavior. We will analyze the way in which these trends interact with others to create a situation in which what is possible in security and even the meaning of security in communication networks needs reexamination.	The Evolving Meaning of Information Security	NA	2016
Joseph M. Hellerstein	In practice, end-to-end data analysis is rarely a cleanly engineered process. Acquiring data can be tricky. Data assessment, wrangling and feature extraction are time-consuming and subjective. Models and algorithms used to derive data products are highly contextualized by time-varying properties of data sources, code and application needs. All of these issues would ideally benefit from an organizational view, but are often driven by individual users. Viewed holistically, both agile analytics and the establishment of analytic pipelines involve interactions between people, computation and infrastructure. In this talk I'll share some anecdotes from our research, user studies, and field experience with companies (Trifacta, Captricity), as well as an emerging open-source project (Ground).	People, Computers, and The Hot Mess of Real Data	NA	2016
Greg Papadopoulos	We are seeing a remarkable watershed in the application of data science across markets and industries. A trifecta of advances in algorithms, cheap cycles, and the capture of networked data from everywhere are no doubt the catalysts. The results for many are continuous improvements in efficiencies, and for some are a fundamental re-imagination and disruption of just about every industry. This talk will give examples we are seeing (and funding!) for the latter, and then focus on our views of the ecosystem of value-from-data infrastructure and end-application companies. A big question is whether the enormous collective advances in tools, techniques and education are in-fact converting would-be differentiated products into democratized features used everywhere. We'll follow the value and make our own predictions on future as ML as a business.	A VC View of Investing in ML	NA	2016
Evangelos Simoudis:Mark Gorenberg:Tim Guleri:Matt Ocko:Greg Sands	NA	Big Data Needs Big Dreamers: Lessons from Successful Big Data Investors	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Klaus Ackermann:Eduardo Blancas Reyes:Sue He:Thomas Anderson Keller:Paul van der Boor:Romana Khan:Rayid Ghani:JosÃ© Carlos GonzÃ¡lez	Infonavit, the largest provider of mortgages in Mexico, assists working families to obtain low-interest rate housing solutions. An increasingly prevalent problem is home abandonment: when a homeowner decides to leave their property and forego their investment. A major causal factor of this outcome is a mismatch between the homeowner's needs, in terms of access to services and employment, and the location characteristics of the home. This paper describes our collaboration with Infonavit to reduce home abandonment at two levels: develop policy recommendations for targeted improvements in location characteristics, and develop a decision-support tool to assist the homeowner in the home location decision. Using 20 years of mortgage history data combined with surveys, census, and location information, we develop a model to predict the probability of home abandonment based on both individual and location characteristics. The model is used to develop a tool that provides Infonavit the ability to give advice to Mexican workers when they apply for a loan, evaluate and improve the locations of new housing developments, and provide data-driven recommendations to the federal government to influence local development initiatives and infrastructure investments. The result is improving economic outcomes for the citizens of Mexico by pre-emptively identifying at-risk home mortgages, thereby allowing them to be altered or remedied before they result in abandonment.	Designing Policy Recommendations to Reduce Home Abandonment in Mexico	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Samet Ayhan:Hanan Samet	At the heart of Air Traffic Management (ATM) lies the Decision Support Systems (DST) that rely upon accurate trajectory prediction to determine how the airspace will look like in the future to make better decisions and advisories. Dealing with airspace that is prone to congestion due to environmental factors still remains the challenge especially when a deterministic approach is used in the trajectory prediction process. In this paper, we describe a novel stochastic trajectory prediction approach for ATM that can be used for more efficient and realistic flight planning and to assist airspace flow management, potentially resulting in higher safety, capacity, and efficiency commensurate with fuel savings thereby reducing emissions for a better environment. Our approach considers airspace as a 3D grid network, where each grid point is a location of a weather observation. We hypothetically build cubes around these grid points, so the entire airspace can be considered as a set of cubes. Each cube is defined by its centroid, the original grid point, and associated weather parameters that remain homogeneous within the cube during a period of time. Then, we align raw trajectories to a set of cube centroids which are basically fixed 3D positions independent of trajectory data. This creates a new form of trajectories which are 4D joint cubes, where each cube is a segment that is associated with not only spatio-temporal attributes but also with weather parameters. Next, we exploit machine learning techniques to train inference models from historical data and apply a stochastic model, a Hidden Markov Model (HMM), to predict trajectories taking environmental uncertainties into account. During the process, we apply time series clustering to generate input observations from an excessive set of weather parameters to feed into the Viterbi algorithm. Our experiments use a real trajectory dataset with pertaining weather observations and demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach to the trajectory prediction process for ATM.	Aircraft Trajectory Prediction Made Easy with Predictive Analytics	NA:NA	2016
Reza Bosagh Zadeh:Xiangrui Meng:Alexander Ulanov:Burak Yavuz:Li Pu:Shivaram Venkataraman:Evan Sparks:Aaron Staple:Matei Zaharia	We describe matrix computations available in the cluster programming framework, Apache Spark. Out of the box, Spark provides abstractions and implementations for distributed matrices and optimization routines using these matrices. When translating single-node algorithms to run on a distributed cluster, we observe that often a simple idea is enough: separating matrix operations from vector operations and shipping the matrix operations to be ran on the cluster, while keeping vector operations local to the driver. In the case of the Singular Value Decomposition, by taking this idea to an extreme, we are able to exploit the computational power of a cluster, while running code written decades ago for a single core. Another example is our Spark port of the popular TFOCS optimization package, originally built for MATLAB, which allows for solving Linear programs as well as a variety of other convex programs. We conclude with a comprehensive set of benchmarks for hardware accelerated matrix computations from the JVM, which is interesting in its own right, as many cluster programming frameworks use the JVM. The contributions described in this paper are already merged into Apache Spark and available on Spark installations by default, and commercially supported by a slew of companies which provide further services.	Matrix Computations and Optimization in Apache Spark	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Mirela Madalina Botezatu:Ioana Giurgiu:Jasmina Bogojeska:Dorothea Wiesmann	Disks are among the most frequently failing components in today's IT environments. Despite a set of defense mechanisms such as RAID, the availability and reliability of the system are still often impacted severely. In this paper, we present a highly accurate SMART-based analysis pipeline that can correctly predict the necessity of a disk replacement even 10-15 days in advance. Our method has been built and evaluated on more than 30000 disks from two major manufacturers, monitored over 17 months. Our approach employs statistical techniques to automatically detect which SMART parameters correlate with disk replacement and uses them to predict the replacement of a disk with even 98% accuracy.	Predicting Disk Replacement towards Reliable Data Centers	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Joel Brooks:Matthew Kerr:John Guttag	Quantitative evaluation of the ability of soccer players to contribute to team offensive performance is typically based on goals scored, assists made, and shots taken. In this paper, we describe a novel player ranking system based entirely on the value of passes completed. This value is derived based on the relationship of pass locations in a possession and shot opportunities generated. This relationship is learned by applying a supervised machine learning model to pass locations in event data from the 2012-2013 La Liga season. Interestingly, though this metric is based entirely on passes, the derived player rankings are largely consistent with general perceptions of offensive ability, e.g., Messi and Ronaldo are near the top. Additionally, when used to rank midfielders, it separates the more offensively-minded players from others.	Developing a Data-Driven Player Ranking in Soccer Using Predictive Model Weights	NA:NA:NA	2016
Matthew Burgess:Eugenia Giraudy:Julian Katz-Samuels:Joe Walsh:Derek Willis:Lauren Haynes:Rayid Ghani	State legislatures introduce at least 45,000 bills each year. However, we lack a clear understanding of who is actually writing those bills. As legislators often lack the time and staff to draft each bill, they frequently copy text written by other states or interest groups. However, existing approaches to detect text reuse are slow, biased, and incomplete. Journalists or researchers who want to know where a particular bill originated must perform a largely manual search. Watchdog organizations even hire armies of volunteers to monitor legislation for matches. Given the time-consuming nature of the analysis, journalists and researchers tend to limit their analysis to a subset of topics (e.g. abortion or gun control) or a few interest groups. This paper presents the Legislative Influence Detector (LID). LID uses the Smith-Waterman local alignment algorithm to detect sequences of text that occur in model legislation and state bills. As it is computationally too expensive to run this algorithm on a large corpus of data, we use a search engine built using Elasticsearch to limit the number of comparisons. We show how system has found 45,405 instances of bill-to-bill text reuse and 14,137 instances of model-legislation-to-bill text reuse. System reduces the time it takes to manually find text reuse from days to seconds.	The Legislative Influence Detector: Finding Text Reuse in State Legislation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Samuel Carton:Jennifer Helsby:Kenneth Joseph:Ayesha Mahmud:Youngsoo Park:Joe Walsh:Crystal Cody:CPT Estella Patterson:Lauren Haynes:Rayid Ghani	Adverse events between police and the public, such as deadly shootings or instances of racial profiling, can cause serious or deadly harm, damage police legitimacy, and result in costly litigation. Evidence suggests these events can be prevented by targeting interventions based on an Early Intervention System (EIS) that flags police officers who are at a high risk for involvement in such adverse events. Today's EIS are not data-driven and typically rely on simple thresholds based entirely on expert intuition. In this paper, we describe our work with the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department (CMPD) to develop a machine learning model to predict which officers are at risk for an adverse event. Our approach significantly outperforms CMPD's existing EIS, increasing true positives by ~12% and decreasing false positives by ~32%. Our work also sheds light on features related to officer characteristics, situational factors, and neighborhood factors that are predictive of adverse events. This work provides a starting point for police departments to take a comprehensive, data-driven approach to improve policing and reduce harm to both officers and members of the public.	Identifying Police Officers at Risk of Adverse Events	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Alex Deng:Xiaolin Shi	Online controlled experiments, also called A/B testing, have been established as the mantra for data-driven decision making in many web-facing companies. In recent years, there are emerging research works focusing on building the platform and scaling it up, best practices and lessons learned to obtain trustworthy results, and experiment design techniques and various issues related to statistical inference and testing. However, despite playing a central role in online controlled experiments, there is little published work on treating metric development itself as a data-driven process. In this paper, we focus on the topic of how to develop meaningful and useful metrics for online services in their online experiments, and show how data-driven techniques and criteria can be applied in metric development process. In particular, we emphasize two fundamental qualities for the goal metrics (or Overall Evaluation Criteria) of any online service: directionality and sensitivity. We share lessons on why these two qualities are critical, how to measure these two qualities of metrics of interest, how to develop metrics with clear directionality and high sensitivity by using approaches based on user behavior models and data-driven calibration, and how to choose the right goal metrics for the entire online services.	Data-Driven Metric Development for Online Controlled Experiments: Seven Lessons Learned	NA:NA	2016
Bowen Du:Chuanren Liu:Wenjun Zhou:Zhenshan Hou:Hui Xiong	Massive data collected by automated fare collection (AFC) systems provide opportunities for studying both personal traveling behaviors and collective mobility patterns in the urban area. Existing studies on the AFC data have primarily focused on identifying passengers' movement patterns. In this paper, however, we creatively leveraged such data for identifying thieves in the public transit systems. Indeed, stopping pickpockets in the public transit systems has been critical for improving passenger satisfaction and public safety. However, it is challenging to tell thieves from regular passengers in practice. To this end, we developed a suspect detection and surveillance system, which can identify pick-pocket suspects based on their daily transit records. Specifically, we first extracted a number of features from each passenger's daily activities in the transit systems. Then, we took a two-step approach that exploits the strengths of unsupervised outlier detection and supervised classification models to identify thieves, who exhibit abnormal traveling behaviors. Experimental results demonstrated the effective- ness of our method. We also developed a prototype system with a user-friendly interface for the security personnel.	Catch Me If You Can: Detecting Pickpocket Suspects from Large-Scale Transit Records	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Rupesh Gupta:Guanfeng Liang:Hsiao-Ping Tseng:Ravi Kiran Holur Vijay:Xiaoyu Chen:Romer Rosales	Online social networking services distribute various types of messages to their members. Common types of messages include news, connection requests, membership notifications, promotions and event notifications. Such communication, if used judiciously, can provide an enormous value to members thereby keeping them engaged. However sending a message for every instance of news, connection request, or the like can result in an overwhelming number of messages in a member's mailbox. This may result in reduced effectiveness of communication if the messages are not sufficiently relevant to the member's interests. It may also result in a poor brand perception of the networking service. In this paper we discuss our strategy and experience with regard to the problem of email volume optimization at LinkedIn. In particular, we present a cost-benefit analysis of sending emails, the key factors to administer an effective volume optimization, our algorithm for volume optimization, the architecture of the supporting system and experimental results from online A/B tests.	Email Volume Optimization at LinkedIn	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Jung-Woo Ha:Hyuna Pyo:Jeonghee Kim	Precise item categorization is a key issue in e-commerce domains. However, it still remains a challenging problem due to data size, category skewness, and noisy metadata. Here, we demonstrate a successful report on a deep learning-based item categorization method, i.e., deep categorization network (DeepCN), in an e-commerce website. DeepCN is an end-to-end model using multiple recurrent neural networks (RNNs) dedicated to metadata attributes for generating features from text metadata and fully connected layers for classifying item categories from the generated features. The categorization errors are propagated back through the fully connected layers to the RNNs for weight update in the learning process. This deep learning-based approach allows diverse attributes to be integrated into a common representation, thus overcoming sparsity and scalability problems. We evaluate DeepCN on large-scale real-world data including more than 94 million items with approximately 4,100 leaf categories from a Korean e-commerce website. Experiment results show our method improves the categorization accuracy compared to the model using single RNN as well as a standard classification model using unigram-based bag-of-words. Furthermore, we investigate how much the model parameters and the used attributes influence categorization performances.	Large-Scale Item Categorization in e-Commerce Using Multiple Recurrent Neural Networks	NA:NA:NA	2016
Jim C. Huang:Rodolphe Jenatton:Cedric Archambeau	Online optimization is central to display advertising, where we must sequentially allocate ad impressions to maximize the total welfare among advertisers, while respecting various advertiser-specified long-term constraints (e.g., total amount of the ad's budget that is consumed at the end of the campaign). In this paper, we present the online dual decomposition (ODD) framework for large-scale, online, distributed ad allocation, which combines dual decomposition and online convex optimization. ODD allows us to account for the distributed and the online nature of the ad allocation problem and is extensible to a variety of ad allocation problems arising in real-world display advertising systems. Moreover, ODD does not require assumptions about auction dynamics, stochastic or adversarial feedback, or any other characteristics of the ad marketplace. We further provide guarantees for the online solution as measured by bounds on cumulative regret. The regret analysis accounts for the impact of having to estimate constraints in an online setting before they are observed and for the dependence on the smoothness with which constraints and constraint violations are generated. We provide an extensive set of results from a large-scale production advertising system at Amazon to validate the framework and compare its behavior to various ad allocation algorithms.	Online Dual Decomposition for Performance and Delivery-Based Distributed Ad Allocation	NA:NA:NA	2016
Bo Jin:Chao Che:Kuifei Yu:Yue Qu:Li Guo:Cuili Yao:Ruiyun Yu:Qiang Zhang	Patent litigation not only covers legal and technical issues, it is also a key consideration for managers of high-technology (high-tech) companies when making strategic decisions. Patent litigation influences the market value of high-tech companies. However, this raises unique challenges. To this end, in this paper, we develop a novel recommendation framework to solve the problem of litigation risk prediction. We will introduce a specific type of patent-related litigation, that is, Section 337 investigations, which prohibit all acts of unfair competition, or any unfair trade practices, when exporting products to the United States. To build this recommendation framework, we collect and exploit a large amount of published information related to almost all Section 337 investigation cases. This study has two aims: (1) to predict the litigation risk in a specific industry category for high-tech companies and (2) to predict the litigation risk from competitors for high-tech companies. These aims can be achieved by mining historical investigation cases and related patents. Specifically, we propose two methods to meet the needs of both aims: a proximal slope one predictor and a time-aware predictor. Several factors are considered in the proposed methods, including the litigation risk if a company wants to enter a new market and the risk that a potential competitor would file a lawsuit against the new entrant. Comparative experiments using real-world data demonstrate that the proposed methods outperform several baselines with a significant margin.	Minimizing Legal Exposure of High-Tech Companies through Collaborative Filtering Methods	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Navneet Kapur:Nikita Lytkin:Bee-Chung Chen:Deepak Agarwal:Igor Perisic	Every year, millions of new students enter higher educational programs. Publicly available rankings of academic programs play a key role in prospective students' decisions regarding which universities to apply to and enroll in. While surveys indicate that majority of freshmen enter college to get good jobs after graduation, established methodologies for ranking universities rely on indirect indicators of career outcomes such as reputational assessments of the universities among academic peers, acceptance and graduation rates, learning environment, and availability of research funding. In addition, many of these methodologies rely on arbitrary choices of weighting factors for the different ranking indicators, and suffer from lack of analyses of statistical stability. In this paper, we addresses these challenges holistically by developing a novel methodology for ranking and recommending universities for different professions on the basis of career outcomes of professionals who graduated from those schools. Our methodology incorporates a number of techniques for achieving statistical stability, and represents a step towards personalized educational recommendations based on interests and ambitions of individuals. We have applied this methodology on LinkedIn's Economic Graph data of over 400 million professional from around the world. The resulting university rankings have been made available to the public and demonstrate that there are valuable insights to be gleaned from professional career data on LinkedIn.	Ranking Universities Based on Career Outcomes of Graduates	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Muhammad R. Khan:Joshua E. Blumenstock	Billions of people around the world live without access to banks or other formal financial institutions. In the past several years, many mobile operators have launched "Mobile Money" platforms that deliver basic financial services over the mobile phone network. While many believe that these services can improve the lives of the poor, in many countries adoption of Mobile Money still remains anemic. In this paper, we develop a predictive model of Mobile Money adoption that uses billions of mobile phone communications records to understand the behavioral determinants of adoption. We describe a novel approach to feature engineering that uses a Deterministic Finite Automaton to construct thousands of behavioral metrics of phone use from a concise set of recursive rules. These features provide the foundation for a predictive model that is tested on mobile phone operators logs from Ghana, Pakistan, and Zambia, three very different developing-country contexts. The results highlight the key correlates of Mobile Money use in each country, as well as the potential for such methods to predict and drive adoption. More generally, our analysis provides insight into the extent to which homogenized supervised learning methods can generalize across geographic contexts. We find that without careful tuning, a model that performs very well in one country frequently does not generalize to another.	Predictors without Borders: Behavioral Modeling of Product Adoption in Three Developing Countries	NA:NA	2016
Guimei Liu:Tam T. Nguyen:Gang Zhao:Wei Zha:Jianbo Yang:Jianneng Cao:Min Wu:Peilin Zhao:Wei Chen	A large number of new buyers are often acquired by merchants during promotions. However, many of the attracted buyers are one-time deal hunters, and the promotions may have little long-lasting impact on sales. It is important for merchants to identify who can be converted to regular loyal buyers and then target them to reduce promotion cost and increase the return on investment (ROI). At International Joint Conferences on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI) 2015, Alibaba hosted an international competition for repeat buyer prediction based on the sales data of the ``Double 11" shopping event in 2014 at Tmall.com. We won the first place at stage 1 of the competition out of 753 teams. In this paper, we present our winning solution, which consists of comprehensive feature engineering and model training. We created profiles for users, merchants, brands, categories, items and their interactions via extensive feature engineering. These profiles are not only useful for this particular prediction task, but can also be used for other important tasks in e-commerce, such as customer segmentation, product recommendation, and customer base augmentation for brands. Feature engineering is often the most important factor for the success of a prediction task, but not much work can be found in the literature on feature engineering for prediction tasks in e-commerce. Our work provides some useful hints and insights for data science practitioners in e-commerce.	Repeat Buyer Prediction for E-Commerce	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Haishan Liu:David Pardoe:Kun Liu:Manoj Thakur:Frank Cao:Chongzhe Li	Online social network advertising platforms, such as that provided by LinkedIn, generally allow marketers to specify targeting options so that their ads appear to a desired demographic. Audience Expansion is a technique developed at LinkedIn to simplify targeting and identify new audiences with similar attributes to the original target audience. We developed two methods to achieve Audience Expansion: campaign-agnostic expansion and campaign-aware expansion. In this paper, we describe the details of these methods, present in-depth analysis of their trade-offs, and demonstrate a hybrid strategy that possesses the combined strength of both methods. Through large scale online experiments, we show the effectiveness of the proposed approach, and as a result, the benefits it brings to the whole marketplace including both LinkedIn and advertisers. The achieved benefits can be characterized as: 1) simplified targeting process and increased reach for advertisers, and 2) better utilization of LinkedIn's ads inventory and higher and more efficient market participation.	Audience Expansion for Online Social Network Advertising	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Ping Luo:Su Yan:Zhiqiang Liu:Zhiyong Shen:Shengwen Yang:Qing He	To combat the ease of online shopping in pajamas, offline mall owners focus increasingly on driving satisfaction and improving retention by identifying customers' preferences. However, most of these studies are based on customers' offline consuming history only. Benefiting from the internet, we can also get customers' online behaviors, such as the search logs, web browsing logs, online shopping logs, and so on. Might these seemingly irrelevant information from two different modalities (i.e. online and offline) be somehow interrelated? How can we make use of the online behaviors and offline actions jointly to promote recommendation for offline retailing? In this study, we formulate this task as a cross-modality recommendation problem, and present its solution via a proposed probabilistic graphical model, called Online-to-Offline Topic Modeling (O2OTM). Specifically, this method explicitly models the relationships between online and offline topics so that the likelihood of both online and offline behaviors is maximized. Then, the recommendation is made only based on the pairs of online and offline topics, denoted by (t,l), with high values of lift, such that the existence of the online topic $t$ greatly increases the response on the corresponding offline topic $l$ compared with the average response for the population without the online topic t. Furthermore, we evaluate this solution in both live and retrospect experiments. The real-world deployment of this model for the anniversary promotion campaign of a famous shopping mall in Beijing shows that our approach increases the occurred customer purchases per promotion message by 29.75\% compared with the baseline. Also, our model finds some interesting interpretable relationships between the online search topics and offline brand topics.	From Online Behaviors to Offline Retailing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Michael Madaio:Shang-Tse Chen:Oliver L. Haimson:Wenwen Zhang:Xiang Cheng:Matthew Hinds-Aldrich:Duen Horng Chau:Bistra Dilkina	The Atlanta Fire Rescue Department (AFRD), like many municipal fire departments, actively works to reduce fire risk by inspecting commercial properties for potential hazards and fire code violations. However, AFRD's fire inspection practices relied on tradition and intuition, with no existing data-driven process for prioritizing fire inspections or identifying new properties requiring inspection. In collaboration with AFRD, we developed the Firebird framework to help municipal fire departments identify and prioritize commercial property fire inspections, using machine learning, geocoding, and information visualization. Firebird computes fire risk scores for over 5,000 buildings in the city, with true positive rates of up to 71% in predicting fires. It has identified 6,096 new potential commercial properties to inspect, based on AFRD's criteria for inspection. Furthermore, through an interactive map, Firebird integrates and visualizes fire incidents, property information and risk scores to help AFRD make informed decisions about fire inspections. Firebird has already begun to make positive impact at both local and national levels. It is improving AFRD's inspection processes and Atlanta residents' safety, and was highlighted by National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) as a best practice for using data to inform fire inspections.	Firebird: Predicting Fire Risk and Prioritizing Fire Inspections in Atlanta	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Eric Malmi:Pyry Takala:Hannu Toivonen:Tapani Raiko:Aristides Gionis	Writing rap lyrics requires both creativity to construct a meaningful, interesting story and lyrical skills to produce complex rhyme patterns, which form the cornerstone of good flow. We present a rap lyrics generation method that captures both of these aspects. First, we develop a prediction model to identify the next line of existing lyrics from a set of candidate next lines. This model is based on two machine-learning techniques: the RankSVM algorithm and a deep neural network model with a novel structure. Results show that the prediction model can identify the true next line among 299 randomly selected lines with an accuracy of 17%, i.e., over 50 times more likely than by random. Second, we employ the prediction model to combine lines from existing songs, producing lyrics with rhyme and a meaning. An evaluation of the produced lyrics shows that in terms of quantitative rhyme density, the method outperforms the best human rappers by 21%. The rap lyrics generator has been deployed as an online tool called DeepBeat, and the performance of the tool has been assessed by analyzing its usage logs. This analysis shows that machine-learned rankings correlate with user preferences.	DopeLearning: A Computational Approach to Rap Lyrics Generation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Sathappan Muthiah:Patrick Butler:Rupinder Paul Khandpur:Parang Saraf:Nathan Self:Alla Rozovskaya:Liang Zhao:Jose Cadena:Chang-Tien Lu:Anil Vullikanti:Achla Marathe:Kristen Summers:Graham Katz:Andy Doyle:Jaime Arredondo:Dipak K. Gupta:David Mares:Naren Ramakrishnan	EMBERS is an anticipatory intelligence system forecasting population-level events in multiple countries of Latin America. A deployed system from 2012, EMBERS has been generating alerts 24x7 by ingesting a broad range of data sources including news, blogs, tweets, machine coded events,currency rates, and food prices. In this paper, we describe our experiences operating EMBERS continuously for nearly 4 years, with specific attention to the discoveries it has enabled, correct as well as missed forecasts, lessons learnt from participating in a forecasting tournament, and our perspectives on the limits of forecasting including ethical considerations.	EMBERS at 4 years: Experiences operating an Open Source Indicators Forecasting System	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Animesh Nandi:Atri Mandal:Shubham Atreja:Gargi B. Dasgupta:Subhrajit Bhattacharya	We focus on the problem of detecting anomalous run-time behavior of distributed applications from their execution logs. Specifically we mine templates and template sequences from logs to form a control flow graph (cfg) spanning distributed components. This cfg represents the baseline healthy system state and is used to flag deviations from the expected behavior of runtime logs. The novelty in our work stems from the new techniques employed to: (1) overcome the instrumentation requirements or application specific assumptions made in prior log mining approaches, (2) improve the accuracy of mined templates and the cfg in the presence of long parameters and high amount of interleaving respectively, and (3) improve by orders of magnitude the scalability of the cfg mining process in terms of volume of log data that can be processed per day. We evaluate our approach using (a) synthetic log traces and (b) multiple real-world log datasets collected at different layers of application stack. Results demonstrate that our template mining, cfg mining, and anomaly detection algorithms have high accuracy. The distributed implementation of our pipeline is highly scalable and has more than 500 GB/day of log data processing capability even on a 10 low-end VM based (Spark + Hadoop) cluster. We also demonstrate the efficacy of our end-to-end system using a case study with the Openstack VM provisioning system.	Anomaly Detection Using Program Control Flow Graph Mining From Execution Logs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Alexander Nikolaev:Shounak Gore:Venu Govindaraju	The challenges of assessing the "health" of online social media platforms and strategically growing them are recognized by many practitioners and researchers. For those platforms that primarily rely on user-generated content, the reach -- the degree of participation referring to the percentage and involvement of users -- is a key indicator of success. This paper lays a theoretical foundation for measuring engagement as a driver of reach that achieves growth via positive externality effects. The paper takes a game theoretic approach to quantifying engagement, viewing a platform's social capital as a cooperatively created value and finding a fair distribution of this value among the contributors. It introduces engagement capacity, a measure of the ability of users and user groups to engage peers, and formulates the Engaging Team Formation Problem (EngTFP) to identify the sets of users that "make a platform go". We show how engagement capacity can be useful in characterizing forum user behavior and in the reach maximization efforts. We also stress how engagement analysis differs from influence measurement. Computational investigations with Twitter and Health Forum data reveal the properties of engagement capacity and the utility of EngTFP.	Engagement Capacity and Engaging Team Formation for Reach Maximization of Online Social Media Platforms	NA:NA:NA	2016
Alexey Poyarkov:Alexey Drutsa:Andrey Khalyavin:Gleb Gusev:Pavel Serdyukov	Nowadays, the development of most leading web services is controlled by online experiments that qualify and quantify the steady stream of their updates achieving more than a thousand concurrent experiments per day. Despite the increasing need for running more experiments, these services are limited in their user traffic. This situation leads to the problem of finding a new or improving existing key performance metric with a higher sensitivity and lower variance. We focus on the problem of variance reduction for engagement metrics of user loyalty that are widely used in A/B testing of web services. We develop a general framework that is based on evaluation of the mean difference between the actual and the approximated values of the key performance metric (instead of the mean of this metric). On the one hand, it allows us to incorporate the state-of-the-art techniques widely used in randomized experiments of clinical and social research, but limitedly used in online evaluation. On the other hand, we propose a new class of methods based on advanced machine learning algorithms, including ensembles of decision trees, that, to the best of our knowledge, have not been applied earlier to the problem of variance reduction. We validate the variance reduction approaches on a very large set of real large-scale A/B experiments run at Yandex for different engagement metrics of user loyalty. Our best approach demonstrates $63\%$ average variance reduction (which is equivalent to 63% saved user traffic) and detects the treatment effect in $2$ times more A/B experiments.	Boosted Decision Tree Regression Adjustment for Variance Reduction in Online Controlled Experiments	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Mahsa Salehi:Laura Irina Rusu:Timothy Lynar:Anna Phan	Ability to predict the risk of damaging events (e.g. wildfires) is crucial in helping emergency services in their decision making processes, to mitigate and reduce the impact of such events. Today, wildfire rating systems have been in operation extensively in many countries around the world to estimate the danger of wildfires. In this paper we propose a data-driven approach to predict wildfire risk using weather data. We show how we address the inherent challenge arising due to the temporal dynamicity of weather data. Weather observations naturally change in time, with finer-scale variation (e.g. stationary day or night) or large variations (nonstationary day or night), and this determines a temporal variation of the predicted wildfire danger. We show how our dynamic wildfire danger prediction model addresses the aforementioned challenge using context-based anomaly detection techniques. We call our predictive model a Context-Based Fire Risk (CBFR) model. The advantage of our model is that it maintains multiple historical models for different temporal variations (e.g. day versus night), and uses ensemble learning techniques to predict wildfire risk with high accuracy. In addition, it is completely unsupervised and does not rely on expert knowledge, which makes it flexible and easily applied to any region of interest. Our CBFR model is also scalable and can potentially be parallelised to speed up computation. We have considered multiple wildfire locations in the Blue Mountains, Australia as a case study, and compared the results of our system with the existing well-established Australian wildfire rating system. The experimental results show that our predictive model has a substantially higher accuracy in predicting wildfire risk, which makes it an effective model to supplement the operational Australian wildfire rating system.	Dynamic and Robust Wildfire Risk Prediction System: An Unsupervised Approach	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Ying Shan:T. Ryan Hoens:Jian Jiao:Haijing Wang:Dong Yu:JC Mao	Manually crafted combinatorial features have been the "secret sauce" behind many successful models. For web-scale applications, however, the variety and volume of features make these manually crafted features expensive to create, maintain, and deploy. This paper proposes the Deep Crossing model which is a deep neural network that automatically combines features to produce superior models. The input of Deep Crossing is a set of individual features that can be either dense or sparse. The important crossing features are discovered implicitly by the networks, which are comprised of an embedding and stacking layer, as well as a cascade of Residual Units. Deep Crossing is implemented with a modeling tool called the Computational Network Tool Kit (CNTK), powered by a multi-GPU platform. It was able to build, from scratch, two web-scale models for a major paid search engine, and achieve superior results with only a sub-set of the features used in the production models. This demonstrates the potential of using Deep Crossing as a general modeling paradigm to improve existing products, as well as to speed up the development of new models with a fraction of the investment in feature engineering and acquisition of deep domain knowledge.	Deep Crossing: Web-Scale Modeling without Manually Crafted Combinatorial Features	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Gursimran Singh:Shashank Srikant:Varun Aggarwal	Learning supervised models to grade open-ended responses is an expensive process. A model has to be trained for every prompt/question separately, which in turn requires graded samples. In automatic programming evaluation specifically, the focus of this work, this issue is amplified. The models have to be trained not only for every question but also for every language the question is offered in. Moreover, the availability and time taken by experts to create a labeled set of programs for each question is a major bottleneck in scaling such a system. We address this issue by presenting a method to grade computer programs which requires no manually assigned labeled samples for grading responses to a new, unseen question. We extend our previous work [25] wherein we introduced a grammar of features to learn question specific models. In this work, we propose a method to transform those features into a set of features that maintain their structural relation with the labels across questions. Using these features we learn one supervised model, across questions for a given language, which can then be applied to an ungraded response to an unseen question. We show that our method rivals the performance of both, question specific models and the consensus among human experts while substantially outperforming extant ways of evaluating codes. We demonstrate the system single s value by deploying it to grade programs in a high stakes assessment. The learning from this work is transferable to other grading tasks such as math question grading and also provides a new variation to the supervised learning approach.	Question Independent Grading using Machine Learning: The Case of Computer Program Grading	NA:NA:NA	2016
Yu Sun:Nicholas Jing Yuan:Yingzi Wang:Xing Xie:Kieran McDonald:Rui Zhang	A new paradigm of recommendation is emerging in intelligent personal assistants such as Apple's Siri, Google Now, and Microsoft Cortana, which recommends "the right information at the right time" and proactively helps you "get things done". This type of recommendation requires precisely tracking users' contemporaneous intent, i.e., what type of information (e.g., weather, stock prices) users currently intend to know, and what tasks (e.g., playing music, getting taxis) they intend to do. Users' intent is closely related to context, which includes both external environments such as time and location, and users' internal activities that can be sensed by personal assistants. The relationship between context and intent exhibits complicated co-occurring and sequential correlation, and contextual signals are also heterogeneous and sparse, which makes modeling the context intent relationship a challenging task. To solve the intent tracking problem, we propose the Kalman filter regularized PARAFAC2 (KP2) nowcasting model, which compactly represents the structure and co-movement of context and intent. The KP2 model utilizes collaborative capabilities among users, and learns for each user a personalized dynamic system that enables efficient nowcasting of users' intent. Extensive experiments using real-world data sets from a commercial personal assistant show that the KP2 model significantly outperforms various methods, and provides inspiring implications for deploying large-scale proactive recommendation systems in personal assistants.	Contextual Intent Tracking for Personal Assistants	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Liang Tang:Bo Long:Bee-Chung Chen:Deepak Agarwal	User feedback like clicks and ratings on recommended items provides important information for recommender systems to predict users' interests in unseen items. Most systems rely on models trained using a single type of feedback, e.g., ratings for movie recommendation and clicks for online news recommendation. However, in addition to the primary feedback, many systems also allow users to provide other types of feedback, e.g., liking or sharing an article, or hiding all articles from a source. These additional feedback potentially provides extra information for the recommendation models. To optimize user experience and business objectives, it is important for a recommender system to use both the primary feedback and additional feedback. This paper presents an empirical study on various training methods for incorporating multiple user feedback types based on LinkedIn recommendation products. We study three important problems that we face at LinkedIn: (1) Whether to send an email based on clicks and complaints, (2) how to rank updates in LinkedIn feeds based on clicks and hides and (3) how jointly optimize for viral actions and clicks in LinkedIn feeds. Extensive offline experiments on historical data show the effectiveness of these methods in different situations. Online A/B testing results further demonstrate the impact of these methods on LinkedIn production systems.	An Empirical Study on Recommendation with Multiple Types of Feedback	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Ali Vanderveld:Addhyan Pandey:Angela Han:Rajesh Parekh	A comprehensive understanding of individual customer value is crucial to any successful customer relationship management strategy. It is also the key to building products for long-term value returns. Modeling customer lifetime value (CLTV) can be fraught with technical difficulties, however, due to both the noisy nature of user-level behavior and the potentially large customer base. Here we describe a new CLTV system that solves these problems. This was built at Groupon, a large global e-commerce company, where confronting the unique challenges of local commerce means quickly iterating on new products and the optimal inventory to appeal to a wide and diverse audience. Given current purchaser frequency we need a faster way to determine the health of individual customers, and given finite resources we need to know where to focus our energy. Our CLTV system predicts future value on an individual user basis with a random forest model which includes features that account for nearly all aspects of each customer's relationship with our platform. This feature set includes those quantifying engagement via email and our mobile app, which give us the ability to predict changes in value far more quickly than models based solely on purchase behavior. We further model different customer types, such as one-time buyers and power users, separately so as to allow for different feature weights and to enhance the interpretability of our results. Additionally, we developed an economical scoring framework wherein we re-score a user when any trigger events occur and apply a decay function otherwise, to enable frequent scoring of a large customer base with a complex model. This system is deployed, predicting the value of hundreds of millions of users on a daily cadence, and is actively being used across our products and business initiatives.	An Engagement-Based Customer Lifetime Value System for E-commerce	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Ellery Wulczyn:Madian Khabsa:Vrushank Vora:Matthew Heston:Joe Walsh:Christopher Berry:Rayid Ghani	Earmarks are legislative provisions that direct federal funds to specific projects, circumventing the competitive grant-making process of federal agencies. Identifying and cataloging earmarks is a tedious, time-consuming process carried out by experts from public interest groups. In this paper, we present a machine learning system for automatically extracting earmarks from congressional bills and reports. We first describe a table-parsing algorithm for extracting budget allocations from appropriations tables in congressional bills. We then use machine learning classifiers to identify budget allocations as earmarked objects with an out of sample ROC AUC score of 0.89. Using this system, we construct the first publicly available database of earmarks dating back to 1995. Our machine learning approach adds transparency, accuracy, and speed to the congressional appropriations process.	Identifying Earmarks in Congressional Bills	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Ya Xu:Nanyu Chen	We have seen an explosive growth of mobile usage, particularly on mobile apps. It is more important than ever to be able to properly evaluate mobile app release. A/B testing is a standard framework to evaluate new ideas. We have seen much of its applications in the online world across the industry [9,10,12]. Running A/B tests on mobile apps turns out to be quite different, and much of it is attributed to the fact that we cannot ship code easily to mobile apps other than going through a lengthy build, review and release process. Mobile infrastructure and user behavior differences also contribute to how A/B tests are conducted differently on mobile apps, which will be discussed in details in this paper. In addition to measuring features individually in the new app version through randomized A/B tests, we have a unique opportunity to evaluate the mobile app as a whole using the quasi-experimental framework [21]. Not all features can be A/B tested due to infrastructure changes and wholistic product redesign. We propose and establish quasi-experimental techniques for measuring impact from mobile app release, with results shared from a recent major app launch at LinkedIn.	Evaluating Mobile Apps with A/B and Quasi A/B Tests	NA:NA	2016
Dawei Yin:Yuening Hu:Jiliang Tang:Tim Daly:Mianwei Zhou:Hua Ouyang:Jianhui Chen:Changsung Kang:Hongbo Deng:Chikashi Nobata:Jean-Marc Langlois:Yi Chang	Search engines play a crucial role in our daily lives. Relevance is the core problem of a commercial search engine. It has attracted thousands of researchers from both academia and industry and has been studied for decades. Relevance in a modern search engine has gone far beyond text matching, and now involves tremendous challenges. The semantic gap between queries and URLs is the main barrier for improving base relevance. Clicks help provide hints to improve relevance, but unfortunately for most tail queries, the click information is too sparse, noisy, or missing entirely. For comprehensive relevance, the recency and location sensitivity of results is also critical. In this paper, we give an overview of the solutions for relevance in the Yahoo search engine. We introduce three key techniques for base relevance -- ranking functions, semantic matching features and query rewriting. We also describe solutions for recency sensitive relevance and location sensitive relevance. This work builds upon 20 years of existing efforts on Yahoo search, summarizes the most recent advances and provides a series of practical relevance solutions. The performance reported is based on Yahoo's commercial search engine, where tens of billions of urls are indexed and served by the ranking system.	Ranking Relevance in Yahoo Search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Shipeng Yu:Evangelia Christakopoulou:Abhishek Gupta	Sales professionals help organizations win clients for products and services. Generating new clients starts with identifying the right decision makers at the target organization. For the past decade, online professional networks have collected tremendous amount of data on people's identity, their network and behavior data of buyers and sellers building relationships with each other for a variety of use-cases. Sales professionals are increasingly relying on these networks to research, identify and reach out to potential prospects, but it is often hard to find the right people effectively and efficiently. In this paper we present LDMS, the LinkedIn Decision Maker Score, to quantify the ability of making a sales decision for each of the 400M+ LinkedIn members. It is the key data-driven technology underlying Sales Navigator, a proprietary LinkedIn product that is designed for sales professionals. We will specifically discuss the modeling challenges of LDMS, and present two graph-based approaches to tackle this problem by leveraging the professional network data at LinkedIn. Both approaches are able to leverage both the graph information and the contextual information on the vertices, deal with small amount of labels on the graph, and handle heterogeneous graphs among different types of vertices. We will show some offline evaluations of LDMS on historical data, and also discuss its online usage in multiple applications in live production systems as well as future use cases within the LinkedIn ecosystem.	Identifying Decision Makers from Professional Social Networks	NA:NA:NA	2016
Qingqi Yue:Ao Yuan:Xuan Che:Minh Huynh:Chunxiao Zhou	The Office of Disability Adjudication and Review (ODAR) is responsible for holding hearings, issuing decisions, and reviewing appeals as part of the Social Security Administration's disability determining process. In order to control and process cases, the ODAR has established a Case Processing and Management System (CPMS) to record management information since December 2003. The CPMS provides a detailed case status history for each case. Due to the large number of appeal requests and limited resources, the number of pending claims at ODAR was over one million cases by March 31, 2015. Our National Institutes of Health (NIH) team collaborated with SSA and developed a Case Status Change Model (CSCM) project to meet the ODAR's urgent need of reducing backlogs and improve hearings and appeals process. One of the key issues in our CSCM project is to estimate the expected service time and its variation for each case status code. The challenge is that the system's recorded job departure times may not be the true job finished times. As the CPMS timestamps data of case status codes showed apparent batch patterns, we proposed a batch model and applied the constrained least squares method to estimate the mean service times and the variances. We also proposed a batch search algorithm to determine the optimal batch partition, as no batch partition was given in the real data. Simulation studies were conducted to evaluate the performance of the proposed methods. Finally, we applied the method to analyze a real CPMS data from ODAR/SSA.	Batch Model for Batched Timestamps Data Analysis with Application to the SSA Disability Program	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Fuzheng Zhang:Nicholas Jing Yuan:Defu Lian:Xing Xie:Wei-Ying Ma	Among different recommendation techniques, collaborative filtering usually suffer from limited performance due to the sparsity of user-item interactions. To address the issues, auxiliary information is usually used to boost the performance. Due to the rapid collection of information on the web, the knowledge base provides heterogeneous information including both structured and unstructured data with different semantics, which can be consumed by various applications. In this paper, we investigate how to leverage the heterogeneous information in a knowledge base to improve the quality of recommender systems. First, by exploiting the knowledge base, we design three components to extract items' semantic representations from structural content, textual content and visual content, respectively. To be specific, we adopt a heterogeneous network embedding method, termed as TransR, to extract items' structural representations by considering the heterogeneity of both nodes and relationships. We apply stacked denoising auto-encoders and stacked convolutional auto-encoders, which are two types of deep learning based embedding techniques, to extract items' textual representations and visual representations, respectively. Finally, we propose our final integrated framework, which is termed as Collaborative Knowledge Base Embedding (CKE), to jointly learn the latent representations in collaborative filtering as well as items' semantic representations from the knowledge base. To evaluate the performance of each embedding component as well as the whole system, we conduct extensive experiments with two real-world datasets from different scenarios. The results reveal that our approaches outperform several widely adopted state-of-the-art recommendation methods.	Collaborative Knowledge Base Embedding for Recommender Systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
XianXing Zhang:Yitong Zhou:Yiming Ma:Bee-Chung Chen:Liang Zhang:Deepak Agarwal	Generalized linear model (GLM) is a widely used class of models for statistical inference and response prediction problems. For instance, in order to recommend relevant content to a user or optimize for revenue, many web companies use logistic regression models to predict the probability of the user's clicking on an item (e.g., ad, news article, job). In scenarios where the data is abundant, having a more fine-grained model at the user or item level would potentially lead to more accurate prediction, as the user's personal preferences on items and the item's specific attraction for users can be better captured. One common approach is to introduce ID-level regression coefficients in addition to the global regression coefficients in a GLM setting, and such models are called generalized linear mixed models (GLMix) in the statistical literature. However, for big data sets with a large number of ID-level coefficients, fitting a GLMix model can be computationally challenging. In this paper, we report how we successfully overcame the scalability bottleneck by applying parallelized block coordinate descent under the Bulk Synchronous Parallel (BSP) paradigm. We deployed the model in the LinkedIn job recommender system, and generated 20% to 40% more job applications for job seekers on LinkedIn.	GLMix: Generalized Linear Mixed Models For Large-Scale Response Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Yijun Zhao:Bilal Ahmed:Thomas Thesen:Karen E. Blackmon:Jennifer G. Dy:Carla E. Brodley:Ruben Kuzniekcy:Orrin Devinsky	Visual detection of lesional areas on a cortical surface is critical in rendering a successful surgical operation for Treatment Resistant Epilepsy (TRE) patients. Unfortunately, 45% of Focal Cortical Dysplasia (FCD, the most common kind of TRE) patients have no visual abnormalities in their brains' 3D-MRI images. We collaborate with doctors from NYU Langone's Comprehensive Epilepsy Center and apply machine learning methodologies to identify the resective zones for these {MRI-negative} FCD patients. Our task is particularly challenging because MRI images can only provide a limited number of features. Furthermore, data from different patients often exhibit inter-patient variabilities due to age, gender, left/right handedness, etc. In this paper, we introduce a new approach which combines the restricted Boltzmann machines and a Bayesian non-parametric mixture model to address these issues. We demonstrate the efficacy of our model by applying it to a retrospective dataset of MRI-negative FCD patients who are seizure free after surgery.	A Non-parametric Approach to Detect Epileptogenic Lesions using Restricted Boltzmann Machines	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Chen Zhu:Hengshu Zhu:Hui Xiong:Pengliang Ding:Fang Xie	Recruitment market analysis provides valuable understanding of industry-specific economic growth and plays an important role for both employers and job seekers. With the rapid development of online recruitment services, massive recruitment data have been accumulated and enable a new paradigm for recruitment market analysis. However, traditional methods for recruitment market analysis largely rely on the knowledge of domain experts and classic statistical models, which are usually too general to model large-scale dynamic recruitment data, and have difficulties to capture the fine-grained market trends. To this end, in this paper, we propose a new research paradigm for recruitment market analysis by leveraging unsupervised learning techniques for automatically discovering recruitment market trends based on large-scale recruitment data. Specifically, we develop a novel sequential latent variable model, named MTLVM, which is designed for capturing the sequential dependencies of corporate recruitment states and is able to automatically learn the latent recruitment topics within a Bayesian generative framework. In particular, to capture the variability of recruitment topics over time, we design hierarchical dirichlet processes for MTLVM. These processes allow to dynamically generate the evolving recruitment topics. Finally, we implement a prototype system to empirically evaluate our approach based on real-world recruitment data in China. Indeed, by visualizing the results from MTLVM, we can successfully reveal many interesting findings, such as the popularity of LBS related jobs reached the peak in the 2nd half of 2014, and decreased in 2015.	Recruitment Market Trend Analysis with Sequential Latent Variable Models	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Hengshu Zhu:Hui Xiong:Fangshuang Tang:Qi Liu:Yong Ge:Enhong Chen:Yanjie Fu	Days on Market (DOM) refers to the number of days a property is on the active market, which is an important measurement of market liquidity in real estate industry. Indeed, at the micro level, DOM is not only a special concern of house sellers, but also a useful indicator for potential buyers to evaluate the popularity of a house. At the macro level, DOM is an important indicator of real estate market status. However, it is very challenging to measure DOM, since there are a variety of factors which can impact on the DOM of a property. To this end, in this paper, we aim to measure real estate liquidity by examining multiple factors in a holistic manner. A special goal is to predict the DOM of a given property listing. Specifically, we first extract key features from multiple types of heterogeneous real estate-related data, such as house profiles and geo-social information of residential communities. Then, based on these features, we develop a multi-task learning based regression approach for predicting the DOM of real estates. This approach can effectively learn district-aware models for different property listings by considering multiple factors. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments on real-world real estate data collected in Beijing and develop a prototype system for practical use. The experimental results clearly validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach for measuring liquidity in real estate markets.	Days on Market: Measuring Liquidity in Real Estate Markets	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Jonathan Becher	In the past 20 years, the practical examples of KDD/data mining have become so ubiquitous that it's almost impossible to imagine a new venture that isn't based on data science. Uber, Facebook, 23andMe, Tesla -- they aren't just technology companies; they are data companies. And yet the reality is that these companies are still anomalies. Large, successful companies usually still treat KDD as either an afterthought or as an experiment. It's not core to how they run the business. As practitioners we compound this problem by concentrating our efforts on valuable business problems; but ones which are usually on the periphery of the business. We do this because changing the heart of how a company operates requires more than just process or technology changes. It requires cultural changes. And these cultural changes usually trigger corporate antibodies adverse to anything new. This talk will review some practical realities of instituting data-driven decisions in a very large multi-national company.	Can You Teach the Elephant to Dance? AKA: Culture Eats Data Science for Breakfast	NA	2016
Oliver Downs	It has become a clichÃ© to talk about Wanamaker's dilemma, his famous quote that "Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted; the trouble is I don't know which half" is well known. So why talk about it today? Well, I'll show you that some of the best targeted consumer marketing still suffers exactly from this problem, and tell you why -- it's not humanly possible to solve it! At Amplero we've finally solved it and made that solution accessible to marketers, using machine learning in combination with the revolution in online experimentation that the advent of the multi-armed bandit has brought about.	How Machine Learning has Finally Solved Wanamaker's Dilemma	NA	2016
Ralf Herbrich	Recently, learning deep models from dense data has received a lot of attention in tasks such as object recognition and signal processing. However, when dealing with non-sensory data about real-world entities, data is often sparse; for example people interaction with products in e-Commerce, people interacting with each other in social networks or word sequences in natural language. In this talk, I will share lessons learned over the past 10 years when learning predictive models based on sparse data: 1) how to scale the inference algorithms to distributed data setting, 2) how to automate the learning process by reducing the amount of hyper-parameters to zero, 3) how to deal with Zipf distributions when learning resource-constrained models, and 4) how to combine dense and sparse-learning algorithms. The talk will be drawing from many real-world experiences I gathered over the past decade in applications of the techniques in gaming, search, advertising and recommendations of systems developed at Microsoft, Facebook and Amazon.	Learning Sparse Models at Scale	NA	2016
Ching Law	QQ and Wechat are the two largest instant messaging & social networks in China. Tencent Social Ads is the advertising platform for both Wechat and QQ, serving over 10B page views per day for several hundred million users. We strive to understand as much as possible on our users' characteristics, so as to serve the best personalized ads for them. The rich user behaviors on Tencent's diverse products lay a foundation in our user profiles on many dimensions, including demographics, interests, intents, transactions, physical locations, and devices, etc. In this talk, we will share our experience in large scale user data mining based on online social activities. We will discuss the challenges we face and the solutions we have devised so far. Some demographics data are obtained from user input, and thus would have gaps in both accuracy and coverage. We discuss the techniques in calibrating and verifying these data. We infer user interests from their social behaviors. For example, most QQ groups are not labelled properly, but by applying a large-scale topic model on the QQ memberships, we can effectively classify most QQ groups into an interest taxonomy. We also infer user interests from user's physical location check-ins and uploaded photos. User data can be collected from many diverse sources, including behaviors in various Tencent products, click and conversion in ad platform, and even seed customers collected by advertisers. We'll discuss the systems to merge these diverse data to provide a coherent view for our advertisers. High quality user labels are usually sparse. We implemented an algorithm for advertisers to reach more potential customers through user similarity computation based on user features as well as social graph inferences. We'll describe the system's contributions to ads quality. Top advertisers demand rich audience targeting solutions in combination of their own customer data, Tencent data, and possibly 3rd-party data. We'll discuss the data exchange platform that can facilitate collaborative applications with 3rd-party DSPs and DMPs.	Profiling Users from Online Social Behaviors with Applications for Tencent Social Ads	NA	2016
Ingo Mierswa	With hundreds of thousands of users, RapidMiner is the most frequently used visual workflow platform for machine learning. It covers the full spectrum of analytics from data preparation to machine learning and model validation. In this presentation, I will take you on a tour of machine learning which spans the last 15 years of research and industry applications and share key insights with you about how data scientists perform their daily analysis tasks. These patterns are extracted from mining millions of analytical workflows that have been created with RapidMiner over the past years. This talk will address important questions around the data mining process such as: What are the most frequently used solutions for typical data quality problems? How often are analysts using decision trees or neural networks? And does this behavior change over time or depend on the users experience level?	The Wisdom of Crowds: Best Practices for Data Prep & Machine Learning Derived from Millions of Data Science Workflows	NA	2016
Jeff Schneider	An important property of embedded learning systems is the ever-changing environment they create for all algorithms operating in the system. Optimizing the performance of those algorithms becomes a perpetual on-line activity rather than a one-off task. I will review some of these challenges in autonomous vehicles. I will discuss Bayesian optimization methods and their application in robotics and scientific applications, focusing on scaling up the dimensionality and managing multi-fidelity evaluations. I will finish with lessons learned and thoughts on future directions as these methods move into embedded systems.	Bayesian Optimization and Embedded Learning Systems	NA	2016
Danny Shapiro	Every automaker is working on driver assistance systems and self-driving cars. Conventional computer vision used for ADAS is reaching its threshold because it is impossible to write code for every possible scenario as a vehicle navigates. In order to develop a truly autonomous car, deep learning and artificial intelligence are required. With deep learning, the vehicle can be trained to have super human levels of perception, driving safer than anyone on the road. An end-to-end artificial intelligence platform based on supercomputers in the cloud and in the vehicle enables cars to get smarter and smarter. Coupled with an extensive software development kit with vision and AI libraries and software modules, automakers, tier 1s, and startups can build scalable systems from ADAS to full autonomy.	Accelerating the Race to Autonomous Cars	NA	2016
Ashok Srivastava	This talk will cover recent innovations in large-scale machine learning and their applications on massive, real-world data sets at Verizon. These applications power new revenue generating products and services for the company and are hosted on a massive computing and storage platform known as Orion. We will discuss the architecture of Orion and the underlying algorithmic framework. We will also cover some of the real-world aspects of building a new organization dedicated to creating new product lines based on data science.	Large-Scale Machine Learning at Verizon: Theory and Applications	NA	2016
Duncan Watts	The past 15 years have witnessed a remarkable increase in both the scale and scope of social and behavioral data available to researchers, leading some to herald the emergence of a new field: "computational social science." Against these exciting developments stands a stubborn fact: that in spite of many thousands of published papers, there has been surprisingly little progress on the "big" questions that motivated the field in the first place?questions concerning systemic risk in financial systems, problem solving in complex organizations, and the dynamics of epidemics or social movements, among others. In this talk I highlight some examples of research that would not have been possible just a handful of years ago and that illustrate the promise of CSS. At the same time, they illustrate its limitations. I then conclude with some thoughts on how CSS can bridge the gap between its current state and its potential.	Computational Social Science: Exciting Progress and Future Challenges	NA	2016
Bo An:Haipeng Chen:Noseong Park:V.S. Subrahmanian	Though there are numerous traditional models to predict market share and demand along airline routes, the prediction of existing models is not precise enough and, to the best of our knowledge, there is no use of data-mining based forecasting techniques to improve airline profitability. We propose the MAP (Maximizing Airline Profits) architecture designed to help airlines and make two key contributions in airline market share and route demand prediction and prediction-based airline profit optimization. Compared with past methods to forecast market share and demand along airline routes, we introduce a novel Ensemble Forecasting (MAP-EF) approach considering two new classes of features: (i) features derived from clusters of similar routes, and (ii) features based on equilibrium pricing. We show that MAP-EF achieves much better Pearson Correlation Coefficients (over 0.95 vs. 0.82 for market share, 0.98 vs. 0.77 for demand) and R2-values compared with three state-of-the-art works for forecasting market share and demand, while showing much lower variance. Using the results of MAP-EF, we develop MAP-Bilevel Branch and Bound (MAP-BBB) and MAP-Greedy (MAP-G) algorithms to optimally allocate flight frequencies over multiple routes, to maximize an airline's profit. Experimental results show that airlines can increase profits by a significant margin. All experiments were conducted with data aggregated from four sources: US Bureau of Transportation Statistics (BTS), US Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), and the US Census Bureau (CB).	MAP: Frequency-Based Maximization of Airline Profits based on an Ensemble Forecasting Approach	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Nipun Batra:Amarjeet Singh:Kamin Whitehouse	The first step to saving energy in the home is often to create an energy breakdown: the amount of energy used by each individual appliance in the home. Unfortunately, current techniques that produce an energy breakdown are not scalable: they require hardware to be installed in each and every home. In this paper, we propose a more scalable solution called Gemello that estimates the energy breakdown for one home by matching it with similar homes for which the breakdown is already known. This matching requires only the monthly energy bill and household characteristics such as square footage of the home and the size of the household. We evaluate this approach using 57 homes and results indicate that the accuracy of Gemello is comparable to or better than existing techniques that use sensing infrastructure in each home. The information required by Gemello is often publicly available and, as such, it can be immediately applied to many homes around the world.	Gemello: Creating a Detailed Energy Breakdown from Just the Monthly Electricity Bill	NA:NA:NA	2016
Fedor Borisyuk:Krishnaram Kenthapadi:David Stein:Bo Zhao	User experience at social media and web platforms such as LinkedIn is heavily dependent on the performance and scalability of its products. Applications such as personalized search and recommendations require real-time scoring of millions of structured candidate documents associated with each query, with strict latency constraints. In such applications, the query incorporates the context of the user (in addition to search keywords if present), and hence can become very large, comprising of thousands of Boolean clauses over hundreds of document attributes. Consequently, candidate selection techniques need to be applied since it is infeasible to retrieve and score all matching documents from the underlying inverted index. We propose CaSMoS, a machine learned candidate selection framework that makes use of Weighted AND (WAND) query. Our framework is designed to prune irrelevant documents and retrieve documents that are likely to be part of the top-k results for the query. We apply a constrained feature selection algorithm to learn positive weights for feature combinations that are used as part of the weighted candidate selection query. We have implemented and deployed this system to be executed in real time using LinkedIn's Galene search platform. We perform extensive evaluation with different training data approaches and parameter settings, and investigate the scalability of the proposed candidate selection model. Our deployment of this system as part of LinkedIn's job recommendation engine has resulted in significant reduction in latency (up to 25%) without sacrificing the quality of the retrieved results, thereby paving the way for more sophisticated scoring models.	CaSMoS: A Framework for Learning Candidate Selection Models over Structured Queries and Documents	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Boris Chidlovskii:Stephane Clinchant:Gabriela Csurka	The overwhelming majority of existing domain adaptation methods makes an assumption of freely available source domain data. An equal access to both source and target data makes it possible to measure the discrepancy between their distributions and to build representations common to both target and source domains. In reality, such a simplifying assumption rarely holds, since source data are routinely a subject of legal and contractual constraints between data owners and data customers. When source domain data can not be accessed, decision making procedures are often available for adaptation nevertheless. These procedures are often presented in the form of classification, identification, ranking etc. rules trained on source data and made ready for a direct deployment and later reuse. In other cases, the owner of a source data is allowed to share a few representative examples such as class means. In this paper we address the domain adaptation problem in real world applications, where the reuse of source domain data is limited to classification rules or a few representative examples. We extend the recent techniques of feature corruption and their marginalization, both in supervised and unsupervised settings. We test and compare them on private and publicly available source datasets and show that significant performance gains can be achieved despite the absence of source data and shortage of labeled target data.	Domain Adaptation in the Absence of Source Domain Data	NA:NA:NA	2016
Steven H.H. Ding:Benjamin C.M. Fung:Philippe Charland	Assembly code analysis is one of the critical processes for detecting and proving software plagiarism and software patent infringements when the source code is unavailable. It is also a common practice to discover exploits and vulnerabilities in existing software. However, it is a manually intensive and time-consuming process even for experienced reverse engineers. An effective and efficient assembly code clone search engine can greatly reduce the effort of this process, since it can identify the cloned parts that have been previously analyzed. The assembly code clone search problem belongs to the field of software engineering. However, it strongly depends on practical nearest neighbor search techniques in data mining and databases. By closely collaborating with reverse engineers and Defence Research and Development Canada (DRDC), we study the concerns and challenges that make existing assembly code clone approaches not practically applicable from the perspective of data mining. We propose a new variant of LSH scheme and incorporate it with graph matching to address these challenges. We implement an integrated assembly clone search engine called Kam1n0. It is the first clone search engine that can efficiently identify the given query assembly function's subgraph clones from a large assembly code repository. Kam1n0 is built upon the Apache Spark computation framework and Cassandra-like key-value distributed storage. A deployed demo system is publicly available. Extensive experimental results suggest that Kam1n0 is accurate, efficient, and scalable for handling large volume of assembly code.	Kam1n0: MapReduce-based Assembly Clone Search for Reverse Engineering	NA:NA:NA	2016
Sahin Cem Geyik:Sergey Faleev:Jianqiang Shen:Sean O'Donnell:Santanu Kolay	The field of online advertising, in essence, deals with the problem of presenting ads to online users in the most appropriate contexts to achieve a multitude of advertiser goals. A vast amount of work in online advertising has been focused on optimizing banner display advertising campaigns where the main goal lies in direct response metrics, often as clicks or conversions. In this paper, we explore the newly popularized space of online video advertising, where brand recognition is the key focus. We propose a framework based on a feedback mechanism where we optimize multiple video specific performance indicators while making sure the delivery constraints (budget and user reach) of advertisers are satisfied. While our main focus is on improving metrics such as engagement (amount of view time), and viewability (whether a campaign is within eyesight of a user), we also discuss the possibilities of expanding to other metrics. We demonstrate the benefit of our framework via empirical results in multiple real-world advertising campaigns. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first paper that deals with the unique challenges arising from the nature of online video advertising.	Joint Optimization of Multiple Performance Metrics in Online Video Advertising	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Xiaoxiao Guo:Wei Li:Francesco Iorio	In aerodynamics related design, analysis and optimization problems, flow fields are simulated using computational fluid dynamics (CFD) solvers. However, CFD simulation is usually a computationally expensive, memory demanding and time consuming iterative process. These drawbacks of CFD limit opportunities for design space exploration and forbid interactive design. We propose a general and flexible approximation model for real-time prediction of non-uniform steady laminar flow in a 2D or 3D domain based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs). We explored alternatives for the geometry representation and the network architecture of CNNs. We show that convolutional neural networks can estimate the velocity field two orders of magnitude faster than a GPU-accelerated CFD solver and four orders of magnitude faster than a CPU-based CFD solver at a cost of a low error rate. This approach can provide immediate feedback for real-time design iterations at the early stage of design. Compared with existing approximation models in the aerodynamics domain, CNNs enable an efficient estimation for the entire velocity field. Furthermore, designers and engineers can directly apply the CNN approximation model in their design space exploration algorithms without training extra lower-dimensional surrogate models.	Convolutional Neural Networks for Steady Flow Approximation	NA:NA:NA	2016
Zhaobin Kuang:James Thomson:Michael Caldwell:Peggy Peissig:Ron Stewart:David Page	Computational Drug Repositioning (CDR) is the task of discovering potential new indications for existing drugs by mining large-scale heterogeneous drug-related data sources. Leveraging the patient-level temporal ordering information between numeric physiological measurements and various drug prescriptions provided in Electronic Health Records (EHRs), we propose a Continuous Self-controlled Case Series (CSCCS) model for CDR. As an initial evaluation, we look for drugs that can control Fasting Blood Glucose (FBG) level in our experiments. Applying CSCCS to the Marshfield Clinic EHR, well-known drugs that are indicated for controlling blood glucose level are rediscovered. Furthermore, some drugs with recent literature support for the potential effect of blood glucose level control are also identified.	Computational Drug Repositioning Using Continuous Self-Controlled Case Series	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Jia Li:Dhruv Arya:Viet Ha-Thuc:Shakti Sinha	This paper proposes an approach to applying standardized entity data to improve job search quality and to make search results more personalized. Specifically, we explore three types of entity-aware features and incorporate them into the job search ranking function. The first is query-job matching features which extract and standardize entities mentioned in queries and documents, then semantically match them based on these entities. The second type, searcher-job expertise homophily, aims to capture the fact that job searchers tend to be interested in the jobs requiring similar expertise as theirs. To measure the similarity, we use standardized skills in job descriptions and searchers' profiles as well as skills that we infer searchers might have but not explicitly list in their profiles. Third, we propose a concept of entity-faceted historical click-through-rates (CTRs) to capture job document quality. Faceting jobs by their standardized companies, titles, locations, etc., and computing historical CTRs at the facet level instead of individual job level alleviate sparseness issue in historical action data. This is particularly important in job search where job lifetime is typically short. Both offline and online experiments confirm the effectiveness of the features. In offline experiment, using the entity-aware features gives improvements of +20%, +12.1% and +8.3% on [emailÂ protected], MRR and [emailÂ protected], respectively. Online A/B test shows that a new model with these features is +11.3% and +5.3% better than the baseline in terms of click-through-rate and apply rate.	How to Get Them a Dream Job?: Entity-Aware Features for Personalized Job Search Ranking	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Xiang Li:Milad Makkie:Binbin Lin:Mojtaba Sedigh Fazli:Ian Davidson:Jieping Ye:Tianming Liu:Shannon Quinn	It has been shown from various functional neuroimaging studies that sparsity-regularized dictionary learning could achieve superior performance in decomposing comprehensive and neuroscientifically meaningful functional networks from massive fMRI signals. However, the computational cost for solving the dictionary learning problem has been known to be very demanding, especially when dealing with large-scale data sets. Thus in this work, we propose a novel distributed rank-1 dictionary learning (D-r1DL) model and apply it for fMRI big data analysis. The model estimates one rank-1 basis vector with sparsity constraint on its loading coefficient from the input data at each learning step through alternating least squares updates. By iteratively learning the rank-1 basis and deflating the input data at each step, the model is then capable of decomposing the whole set of functional networks. We implement and parallelize the rank-1 dictionary learning algorithm using Spark engine and deployed the resilient distributed dataset (RDDs) abstracts for the data distribution and operations. Experimental results from applying the model on the Human Connectome Project (HCP) data show that the proposed D-r1DL model is efficient and scalable towards fMRI big data analytics, thus enabling data-driven neuroscientific discovery from massive fMRI big data in the future.	Scalable Fast Rank-1 Dictionary Learning for fMRI Big Data Analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Qiaoling Liu:Faizan Javed:Matt Mcnair	Entity linking links entity mentions in text to the corresponding entities in a knowledge base (KB) and has many applications in both open domain and specific domains. For example, in the recruitment domain, linking employer names in job postings or resumes to entities in an employer KB is very important to many business applications. In this paper, we focus on this employer name normalization task, which has several unique challenges: handling employer names from both job postings and resumes, leveraging the corresponding location context, and handling name variations, irrelevant input data, and noises in the KB. We present a system called CompanyDepot which contains a machine learning based approach CompanyDepot-ML and a heuristic approach CompanyDepot-H to address these challenges in three steps: (1) searching for candidate entities based on a customized search engine for the KB; (2) ranking the candidate entities using learning-to-rank methods or heuristics; and (3) validating the top-ranked entity via binary classification or heuristics. While CompanyDepot-ML shows better extendability and flexibility, CompanyDepot-H serves as a strong baseline and useful way to collect training data for CompanyDepot-ML. The proposed system achieves 2.5%-21.4% higher coverage at the same precision level compared to an existing system used at CareerBuilder over multiple real-world datasets. Applying the system to a similar task of academic institution name normalization further shows the generalization ability of the method.	CompanyDepot: Employer Name Normalization in the Online Recruitment Industry	NA:NA:NA	2016
Caroline Lo:Dan Frankowski:Jure Leskovec	Online e-commerce applications are becoming a primary vehicle for people to find, compare, and ultimately purchase products. One of the fundamental questions that arises in e-commerce is to characterize, understand, and model user long-term purchasing intent, which is important as it allows for personalized and context relevant e-commerce services. In this paper we study user activity and purchasing behavior with the goal of building models of time-varying user purchasing intent. We analyze the purchasing behavior of nearly three million Pinterest users to determine short-term and long-term signals in user behavior that indicate higher purchase intent. We find that users with long-term purchasing intent tend to save and clickthrough on more content. However, as users approach the time of purchase their activity becomes more topically focused and actions shift from saves to searches. We further find that purchase signals in online behavior can exist weeks before a purchase is made and can also be traced across different purchase categories. Finally, we synthesize these insights in predictive models of user purchasing intent. Taken together, our work identifies a set of general principles and signals that can be used to model user purchasing intent across many content discovery applications.	Understanding Behaviors that Lead to Purchasing: A Case Study of Pinterest	NA:NA:NA	2016
Corey Lynch:Kamelia Aryafar:Josh Attenberg	Search is at the heart of modern e-commerce. As a result, the task of ranking search results automatically (learning to rank) is a multibillion dollar machine learning problem. Traditional models optimize over a few hand-constructed features based on the item's text. In this paper, we introduce a multimodal learning to rank model that combines these traditional features with visual semantic features transferred from a deep convolutional neural network. In a large scale experiment using data from the online marketplace Etsy, we verify that moving to a multimodal representation significantly improves ranking quality. We show how image features can capture fine-grained style information not available in a text-only representation. In addition, we show concrete examples of how image information can successfully disentangle pairs of highly different items that are ranked similarly by a text-only model.	Images Don't Lie: Transferring Deep Visual Semantic Features to Large-Scale Multimodal Learning to Rank	NA:NA:NA	2016
Hoang Nguyen:Jon Patrick	Text mining in clinical domain is usually more difficult than general domains (e.g. newswire reports and scientific literature) because of the high level of noise in both the corpus and training data for machine learning (ML). A large number of unknown word, non-word and poor grammatical sentences made up the noise in the clinical corpus. Unknown words are usually complex medical vocabularies, misspellings, acronyms and abbreviations where unknown non-words are generally the clinical patterns including scores and measures. This noise produces obstacles in the initial lexical processing step as well as subsequent semantic analysis. Furthermore, the labelled data used to build ML models is very costly to obtain because it requires intensive clinical knowledge from the annotators. And even created by experts, the training examples usually contain errors and inconsistencies due to the variations in human annotators' attentiveness. Clinical domain also suffers from the nature of the imbalanced data distribution problem. These kinds of noise are very popular and potentially affect the overall information extraction performance but they were not carefully investigated in most presented health informatics systems. This paper introduces a general clinical data mining architecture which is potential of addressing all of these challenges using: automatic proof-reading process, trainable finite state pattern recogniser, iterative model development and active learning. The reportability classifier based on this architecture achieved 98.25% sensitivity and 96.14% specificity on an Australian cancer registry's held-out test set and up to 92% of training data provided for supervised ML was saved by active learning.	Text Mining in Clinical Domain: Dealing with Noise	NA:NA	2016
John Paparrizos:Ryen W. White:Eric Horvitz	Web search queries can offer a unique population-scale window onto streams of evidence that are useful for detecting the emergence of health conditions. We explore the promise of harnessing behavioral signals in search logs to provide advance warning about the presence of devastating diseases such as pancreatic cancer. Pancreatic cancer is often diagnosed too late to be treated effectively as the cancer has usually metastasized by the time of diagnosis. Symptoms of the early stages of the illness are often subtle and nonspecific. We identify searchers who issue credible, first-person diagnostic queries for pancreatic cancer and we learn models from prior search histories that predict which searchers will later input such queries. We show that we can infer the likelihood of seeing the rise of diagnostic queries months before they appear and characterize the tradeoff between predictivity and false positive rate. The findings highlight the potential of harnessing search logs for the early detection of pancreatic cancer and more generally for harnessing search systems to reduce health risks for individuals.	Detecting Devastating Diseases in Search Logs	NA:NA:NA	2016
Bryan Perozzi:Michael Schueppert:Jack Saalweachter:Mayur Thakur	We present a secondary ranking system to find and remove erroneous suggestions from a geospatial recommendation system. We discover such anomalous links by "double checking" the recommendation system's output to ensure that it is both structurally cohesive, and semantically consistent. Our approach is designed for the Google Related Places Graph, a geographic recommendation system which provides results for hundreds of millions of queries a day. We model the quality of a recommendation between two geographic entities as a function of their structure in the Related Places Graph, and their semantic relationship in the Google Knowledge Graph. To evaluate our approach, we perform a large scale human evaluation of such an anomalous link detection system. For the long tail of unpopular entities, our models can predict the recommendations users will consider poor with up to 42\% higher mean precision (29 raw points) than the live system. Results from our study reveal that structural and semantic features capture different facets of relatedness to human judges. We characterize our performance with a qualitative analysis detailing the categories of real-world anomalies our system is able to detect, and provide a discussion of additional applications of our method.	When Recommendation Goes Wrong: Anomalous Link Discovery in Recommendation Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Jim Pivarski:Collin Bennett:Robert L. Grossman	We introduce a new language for deploying analytic models into products, services and operational systems called the Portable Format for Analytics (PFA). PFA is an example of what is sometimes called a model interchange format, a language for describing analytic models that is independent of specific tools, applications or systems. Model interchange formats allow one application (the model producer) to export models and another application (the model consumer or scoring engine) to import models. The core idea behind PFA is to support the safe execution of statistical functions, mathematical functions, and machine learning algorithms and their compositions within a safe execution environment. With this approach, the common analytic models used in data science can be implemented, as well as the data transformations and data aggregations required for pre- and post-processing data. PFA compliant scoring engines can be extended by adding new user defined functions described in PFA. We describe the design of PFA. A Data Mining Group (DMG) Working Group is developing the PFA standard. The current version is 0.8.1 and contains many of the commonly used statistical and machine learning models, including regression, clustering, support vector machines, neural networks, etc. We also describe two implementations of Hadrian, one in Scala and one in Python. We discuss four case studies that use PFA and Hadrian to specify analytic models, including two that are deployed in operations at client sites.	Deploying Analytics with the Portable Format for Analytics (PFA)	NA:NA:NA	2016
Hasan Poonawala:Vinay Kolar:Sebastien Blandin:Laura Wynter:Sambit Sahu	Given the changing dynamics of mobility patterns and rapid growth of cities, transport agencies seek to respond more rapidly to needs of the public with the goal of offering an effective and competitive public transport system. A more data-centric approach for transport planning is part of the evolution of this process. In particular, the vast penetration of mobile phones provides an opportunity to monitor and derive insights on transport usage. Real time and historical analyses of such data can give a detailed understanding of mobility patterns of people and also suggest improvements to current transit systems. On its own, however, mobile geolocation data has a number of limitations. We thus propose a joint telco-and-farecard-based learning approach to understanding urban mobility. The approach enhances telecommunications data by leveraging it jointly with other sources of real-time data. The approach is illustrated on the First- and last-mile problem as well as route choice estimation within a densely-connected train network.	Singapore in Motion: Insights on Public Transport Service Level Through Farecard and Mobile Data Analytics	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Parang Saraf:Naren Ramakrishnan	We describe the EMBERS AutoGSR system that conducts automated coding of civil unrest events from news articles published in multiple languages. The nuts and bolts of the AutoGSR system constitute an ecosystem of filtering, ranking, and recommendation models to determine if an article reports a civil unrest event and, if so, proceed to identify and encode specific characteristics of the civil unrest event such as the when, where, who, and why of the protest. AutoGSR is a deployed system for the past 6 months continually processing data 24x7 in languages such as Spanish, Portuguese, English and encoding civil unrest events in 10 countries of Latin America: Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, El Salvador, Mexico, Paraguay, Uruguay, and Venezuela. We demonstrate the superiority of AutoGSR over both manual approaches and other state-of-the-art encoding systems for civil unrest.	EMBERS AutoGSR: Automated Coding of Civil Unrest Events	NA:NA	2016
Taraneh Taghavi:Maria Lupetini:Yaron Kretchmer	This paper presents a machine learning approach to predict the amount of compute memory needed by jobs which are submitted to Load Sharing Facility (LSFÂ® ) with a high level of accuracy. LSFÂ® is the compute resource manager and job scheduler for Qualcomm chip design process. It schedules the jobs based on available resources: CPU, memory, storage, and software licenses. Memory is one of the key resources and its proper utilization leads to a substantial improvement in saving machine resources which in turn results in a significant reduction in overall job pending time. In addition, efficient memory utilization helps to reduce the operations cost by decreasing the number of servers needed for the end-to-end design process. In this paper, we explored a suite of statistical and machine learning techniques to develop a Compute Memory Recommender System for the Qualcomm chip design process with over 90% accuracy in predicting the amount of memory a job needs. Moreover, it demonstrates the potential to significantly reduce job pending time.	Compute Job Memory Recommender System Using Machine Learning	NA:NA:NA	2016
Yinyan Tan:Zhe Fan:Guilin Li:Fangshan Wang:Zhengbing Li:Shikai Liu:Qiuling Pan:Eric P. Xing:Qirong Ho	Online learning is used in a wide range of real applications, e.g., predicting ad click-through rates (CTR) and personalized recommendations. Based on the analysis of users' behaviors in Video-On-Demand (VoD) recommender systems,we discover that the most recent users' actions can better reflect users' current intentions and preferences. Under this observation, we thereby propose a novel time-decaying online learning algorithm derived from the state-of-the-art FTRL-proximal algorithm, called Time-Decaying Adaptive Prediction (TDAP) algorithm. To scale Big Data, we further parallelize our algorithm following the data parallel scheme under both BSP and SSP consistency model. We experimentally evaluate our TDAP algorithm on real IPTV VoD datasets using two state-of-the-art distributed computing platforms, TDAP achieves good accuracy: it improves at least 5.6% in terms of prediction accuracy, compared to FTRL-proximal algorithm; and TDAP scales well: it runs 4 times faster when the number of machines increases from 2 to 10.	Scalable Time-Decaying Adaptive Prediction Algorithm	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Jan Van Haaren:Horesh Ben Shitrit:Jesse Davis:Pascal Fua	This paper proposes a relational-learning based approach for discovering strategies in volleyball matches based on optical tracking data. In contrast to most existing methods, our approach permits discovering patterns that account for both spatial (that is, partial configurations of the players on the court) and temporal (that is, the order of events and positions) aspects of the game. We analyze both the men's and women's final match from the 2014 FIVB Volleyball World Championships, and are able to identify several interesting and relevant strategies from the matches.	Analyzing Volleyball Match Data from the 2014 World Championships Using Machine Learning Techniques	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Hongjian Wang:Daniel Kifer:Corina Graif:Zhenhui Li	Crime is one of the most important social problems in the country, affecting public safety, children development, and adult socioeconomic status. Understanding what factors cause higher crime is critical for policy makers in their efforts to reduce crime and increase citizens' life quality. We tackle a fundamental problem in our paper: crime rate inference at the neighborhood level. Traditional approaches have used demographics and geographical influences to estimate crime rates in a region. With the fast development of positioning technology and prevalence of mobile devices, a large amount of modern urban data have been collected and such big data can provide new perspectives for understanding crime. In this paper, we used large-scale Point-Of-Interest data and taxi flow data in the city of Chicago, IL in the USA. We observed significantly improved performance in crime rate inference compared to using traditional features. Such an improvement is consistent over multiple years. We also show that these new features are significant in the feature importance analysis.	Crime Rate Inference with Big Data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Huizhi Xie:Juliette Aurisset	Controlled experiments are widely regarded as the most scientific way to establish a true causal relationship between product changes and their impact on business metrics. Many technology companies rely on such experiments as their main data-driven decision-making tool. The sensitivity of a controlled experiment refers to its ability to detect differences in business metrics due to product changes. At Netflix, with tens of millions of users, increasing the sensitivity of controlled experiments is critical as failure to detect a small effect, either positive or negative, can have a substantial revenue impact. This paper focuses on methods to increase sensitivity by reducing the sampling variance of business metrics. We define Netflix business metrics and share context around the critical need for improved sensitivity. We review popular variance reduction techniques that are broadly applicable to any type of controlled experiment and metric. We describe an innovative implementation of stratified sampling at Netflix where users are assigned to experiments in real time and discuss some surprising challenges with the implementation. We conduct case studies to compare these variance reduction techniques on a few Netflix datasets. Based on the empirical results, we recommend to use post-assignment variance reduction techniques such as post stratification and CUPED instead of at-assignment variance reduction techniques such as stratified sampling in large-scale controlled experiments.	Improving the Sensitivity of Online Controlled Experiments: Case Studies at Netflix	NA:NA	2016
Huang Xu:Zhiwen Yu:Jingyuan Yang:Hui Xiong:Hengshu Zhu	With the high mobility of talent, it becomes critical for the recruitment team to find the right talent from the right source in an efficient manner. The prevalence of Online Professional Networks (OPNs), such as LinkedIn, enables the new paradigm for talent recruitment and job search. However, the dynamic and complex nature of such talent information imposes significant challenges to identify prospective talent sources from large-scale professional networks. Therefore, in this paper, we propose to create a job transition network where vertices stand for organizations and a directed edge represents the talent flow between two organizations for a time period. By analyzing this job transition network, it is able to extract talent circles in a way such that every circle includes the organizations with similar talent exchange patterns. Then, the characteristics of these talent circles can be used for talent recruitment and job search. To this end, we develop a talent circle detection model and design the corresponding learning method by maximizing the Normalized Discounted Cumulative Gain (NDCG) of inferred probability for the edge existence based on edge weights. Then, the identified circles will be labeled by the representative organizations as well as keywords in job descriptions. Moreover, based on these identified circles, we develop a talent exchange prediction method for talent recommendation. Finally, we have performed extensive experiments on real-world data. The results show that, our method can achieve much higher modularity when comparing to the benchmark approaches, as well as high precision and recall for talent exchange prediction.	Talent Circle Detection in Job Transition Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Weinan Zhang:Tianxiong Zhou:Jun Wang:Jian Xu	In real-time display advertising, ad slots are sold per impression via an auction mechanism. For an advertiser, the campaign information is incomplete --- the user responses (e.g, clicks or conversions) and the market price of each ad impression are observed only if the advertiser's bid had won the corresponding ad auction. The predictions, such as bid landscape forecasting, click-through rate (CTR) estimation, and bid optimisation, are all operated in the pre-bid stage with full-volume bid request data. However, the training data is gathered in the post-bid stage with a strong bias towards the winning impressions. A common solution for learning over such censored data is to reweight data instances to correct the discrepancy between training and prediction. However, little study has been done on how to obtain the weights independent of previous bidding strategies and consequently integrate them into the final CTR prediction and bid generation steps. In this paper, we formulate CTR estimation and bid optimisation under such censored auction data. Derived from a survival model, we show that historic bid information is naturally incorporated to produce Bid-aware Gradient Descents (BGD) which controls both the importance and the direction of the gradient to achieve unbiased learning. The empirical study based on two large-scale real-world datasets demonstrates remarkable performance gains from our solution. The learning framework has been deployed on Yahoo!'s real-time bidding platform and provided 2.97% AUC lift for CTR estimation and 9.30% eCPC drop for bid optimisation in an online A/B test.	Bid-aware Gradient Descent for Unbiased Learning with Censored Data in Display Advertising	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Takuya Akiba:Yosuke Yano	The all-distances sketch (ADS) has recently emerged as a promising paradigm of graph neighborhood sketching. An ADS is a probabilistic data structure that is defined for each vertex of a graph. ADSs facilitate accurate estimation of many useful indicators for network analysis with the guarantee of accuracy, and the ADSs for all the vertices in a graph can be computed in near-linear time. Because of these useful properties, ADS has attracted considerable attention. However, a critical drawback of ADS is its space requirement, which tends to be much larger than that of the graph itself. In the present study, we address this issue by designing a new graph sketching scheme, namely, sketch retrieval shortcuts (SRS). Although SRSs are more space-efficient than ADSs by an order of magnitude, an ADS of any vertex can be quickly retrieved from the SRSs. The retrieved ADSs can be used to estimate the aforementioned indicators in exactly the same manner as with plain ADSs, inheriting the same accuracy guarantee. Our experiments on real-world networks demonstrate the usefulness of SRSs as a practical back-end of large-scale graph data mining.	Compact and Scalable Graph Neighborhood Sketching	NA:NA	2016
Hesam Amoualian:Marianne Clausel:Eric Gaussier:Massih-Reza Amini	We propose in this paper two new models for modeling topic and word-topic dependencies between consecutive documents in document streams. The first model is a direct extension of Latent Dirichlet Allocation model (LDA) and makes use of a Dirichlet distribution to balance the influence of the LDA prior parameters wrt to topic and word-topic distribution of the previous document. The second extension makes use of copulas, which constitute a generic tools to model dependencies between random variables. We rely here on Archimedean copulas, and more precisely on Franck copulas, as they are symmetric and associative and are thus appropriate for exchangeable random variables. Our experiments, conducted on three standard collections that have been used in several studies on topic modeling, show that our proposals outperform previous ones (as dynamic topic models and temporal \LDA), both in terms of perplexity and for tracking similar topics in a document stream.	Streaming-LDA: A Copula-based Approach to Modeling Topic Dependencies in Document Streams	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Ashton Anderson:Jon Kleinberg:Sendhil Mullainathan	An increasing number of domains are providing us with detailed trace data on human decisions in settings where we can evaluate the quality of these decisions via an algorithm. Motivated by this development, an emerging line of work has begun to consider whether we can characterize and predict the kinds of decisions where people are likely to make errors. To investigate what a general framework for human error prediction might look like, we focus on a model system with a rich history in the behavioral sciences: the decisions made by chess players as they select moves in a game. We carry out our analysis at a large scale, employing datasets with several million recorded games, and using chess tablebases to acquire a form of ground truth for a subset of chess positions that have been completely solved by computers but remain challenging even for the best players in the world. We organize our analysis around three categories of features that we argue are present in most settings where the analysis of human error is applicable: the skill of the decision-maker, the time available to make the decision, and the inherent difficulty of the decision. We identify rich structure in all three of these categories of features, and find strong evidence that in our domain, features describing the inherent difficulty of an instance are significantly more powerful than features based on skill or time.	Assessing Human Error Against a Benchmark of Perfection	NA:NA:NA	2016
David Arbour:Dan Garant:David Jensen	We present Relational Covariate Adjustment (RCA), a general method for estimating causal effects in relational data. Relational Covariate Adjustment is implemented through two high-level operations: identification of an adjustment set and relational regression adjustment. The former is achieved through an extension of Pearl's back-door criterion to relational domains. We demonstrate how this extended definition can be used to estimate causal effects in the presence of network interference and confounding. RCA is agnostic to functional form, and it can easily model both discrete and continuous treatments as well as estimate the effects of a wider array of network interventions than existing experimental approaches. We show that RCA can yield robust estimates of causal effects using common regression models without extensive parameter tuning. Through a series of simulation experiments on a variety of synthetic and real-world network structures, we show that causal effects estimated on observational data with RCA are nearly as accurate as those estimated from well-designed network experiments	Inferring Network Effects from Observational Data	NA:NA:NA	2016
Maria Florina Balcan:Yingyu Liang:Le Song:David Woodruff:Bo Xie	Kernel Principal Component Analysis (KPCA) is a key machine learning algorithm for extracting nonlinear features from data. In the presence of a large volume of high dimensional data collected in a distributed fashion, it becomes very costly to communicate all of this data to a single data center and then perform kernel PCA. Can we perform kernel PCA on the entire dataset in a distributed and communication efficient fashion while maintaining provable and strong guarantees in solution quality? In this paper, we give an affirmative answer to the question by developing a communication efficient algorithm to perform kernel PCA in the distributed setting. The algorithm is a clever combination of subspace embedding and adaptive sampling techniques, and we show that the algorithm can take as input an arbitrary configuration of distributed datasets, and compute a set of global kernel principal components with relative error guarantees independent of the dimension of the feature space or the total number of data points. In particular, computing k principal components with relative error Îµ over s workers has communication cost Ã•(spk/Îµ+sk2/Îµ3) words, where p is the average number of nonzero entries in each data point. Furthermore, we experimented the algorithm with large-scale real world datasets and showed that the algorithm produces a high quality kernel PCA solution while using significantly less communication than alternative approaches.	Communication Efficient Distributed Kernel Principal Component Analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Roel Bertens:Jilles Vreeken:Arno Siebes	We study how to obtain concise descriptions of discrete multivariate sequential data. In particular, how to do so in terms of rich multivariate sequential patterns that can capture potentially highly interesting (cor)relations between sequences. To this end we allow our pattern language to span over the domains (alphabets) of all sequences, allow patterns to overlap temporally, as well as allow for gaps in their occurrences. We formalise our goal by the Minimum Description Length principle, by which our objective is to discover the set of patterns that provides the most succinct description of the data. To discover high-quality pattern sets directly from data, we introduce Ditto, a highly efficient algorithm that approximates the ideal result very well. Experiments show that Ditto correctly discovers the patterns planted in synthetic data. Moreover, it scales favourably with the length of the data, the number of attributes, the alphabet sizes. On real data, ranging from sensor networks to annotated text, Ditto discovers easily interpretable summaries that provide clear insight in both the univariate and multivariate structure.	Keeping it Short and Simple: Summarising Complex Event Sequences with Multivariate Patterns	NA:NA:NA	2016
Marco Bressan:Stefano Leucci:Alessandro Panconesi:Prabhakar Raghavan:Erisa Terolli	In this paper we introduce a mathematical model that captures some of the salient features of recommender systems that are based on popularity and that try to exploit social ties among the users. We show that, under very general conditions, the market always converges to a steady state, for which we are able to give an explicit form. Thanks to this we can tell rather precisely how much a market is altered by a recommendation system, and determine the power of users to influence others. Our theoretical results are complemented by experiments with real world social networks showing that social graphs prevent large market distortions in spite of the presence of highly influential users.	The Limits of Popularity-Based Recommendations, and the Role of Social Ties	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Shiyu Chang:Yang Zhang:Jiliang Tang:Dawei Yin:Yi Chang:Mark A. Hasegawa-Johnson:Thomas S. Huang	Data of many problems in real-world systems such as link prediction and one-class recommendation share common characteristics. First, data are in the form of positive unlabeled (PU) measurements (e.g. Twitter "following", Facebook "like", etc.) that do not provide negative information, which can be naturally represented as networks. Second, in the era of big data, such data are generated temporally-ordered, continuously and rapidly, which determines its streaming nature. These common characteristics allow us to unify many problems into a novel framework -- PU learning in streaming networks. In this paper, a principled probabilistic approach SPU is proposed to leverage the characteristics of the streaming PU inputs. In particular, SPU captures temporal dynamics and provides real-time adaptations and predictions by identifying the potential negative signals concealed in unlabeled data. Our empirical results on various real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework over other state-of-the-art methods in both link prediction and recommendation.	Positive-Unlabeled Learning in Streaming Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Chen Chen:Hanghang Tong:Lei Xie:Lei Ying:Qing He	Multi-layered networks have recently emerged as a new network model, which naturally finds itself in many high-impact application domains, ranging from critical inter-dependent infrastructure networks, biological systems, organization-level collaborations, to cross-platform e-commerce, etc. Cross-layer dependency, which describes the dependencies or the associations between nodes across different layers/networks, often plays a central role in many data mining tasks on such multi-layered networks. Yet, it remains a daunting task to accurately know the cross-layer dependency a prior. In this paper, we address the problem of inferring the missing cross-layer dependencies on multi-layered networks. The key idea behind our method is to view it as a collective collaborative filtering problem. By formulating the problem into a regularized optimization model, we propose an effective algorithm to find the local optima with linear complexity. Furthermore, we derive an online algorithm to accommodate newly arrived nodes, whose complexity is just linear wrt the size of the neighborhood of the new node. We perform extensive empirical evaluations to demonstrate the effectiveness and the efficiency of the proposed methods.	FASCINATE: Fast Cross-Layer Dependency Inference on Multi-layered Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Shuo Chen:Thorsten Joachims	We present a general probabilistic framework for predicting the outcome of pairwise matchups (e.g. two-player sport matches) and pairwise preferences (e.g. product preferences), both of which have widespread applications ranging from matchmaking in computer games to recommendation in e-commerce. Unlike existing models for these tasks, our model not only learns representations of the items in a more expressive latent vector space, but also models how context modifies matchup and preference outcomes. For example, the context "weather" may alter the winning probability in a tennis match, or the fact that the user is on a mobile device may alter his preferences among restaurants. More generally, the model is capable of handling any symmetric game/comparison problem that can be described by vectorized player/item and game/context features. We provide a comprehensive evaluation of its predictive performance with real datasets from both domains to show its ability to predict preference and game outcomes more accurately than existing models. Furthermore, we demonstrate on synthetic datasets the expressiveness of the model when compared against theoretical limits.	Predicting Matchups and Preferences in Context	NA:NA	2016
Tianqi Chen:Carlos Guestrin	Tree boosting is a highly effective and widely used machine learning method. In this paper, we describe a scalable end-to-end tree boosting system called XGBoost, which is used widely by data scientists to achieve state-of-the-art results on many machine learning challenges. We propose a novel sparsity-aware algorithm for sparse data and weighted quantile sketch for approximate tree learning. More importantly, we provide insights on cache access patterns, data compression and sharding to build a scalable tree boosting system. By combining these insights, XGBoost scales beyond billions of examples using far fewer resources than existing systems.	XGBoost: A Scalable Tree Boosting System	NA:NA	2016
Wei Chen:Tian Lin:Zihan Tan:Mingfei Zhao:Xuren Zhou	In this paper, we address the important issue of uncertainty in the edge influence probability estimates for the well studied influence maximization problem --- the task of finding k seed nodes in a social network to maximize the influence spread. We propose the problem of robust influence maximization, which maximizes the worst-case ratio between the influence spread of the chosen seed set and the optimal seed set, given the uncertainty of the parameter input. We design an algorithm that solves this problem with a solution-dependent bound. We further study uniform sampling and adaptive sampling methods to effectively reduce the uncertainty on parameters and improve the robustness of the influence maximization task. Our empirical results show that parameter uncertainty may greatly affect influence maximization performance and prior studies that learned influence probabilities could lead to poor performance in robust influence maximization due to relatively large uncertainty in parameter estimates, and information cascade based adaptive sampling method may be an effective way to improve the robustness of influence maximization.	Robust Influence Maximization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Wei Cheng:Kai Zhang:Haifeng Chen:Guofei Jiang:Zhengzhang Chen:Wei Wang	Modern world has witnessed a dramatic increase in our ability to collect, transmit and distribute real-time monitoring and surveillance data from large-scale information systems and cyber-physical systems. Detecting system anomalies thus attracts significant amount of interest in many fields such as security, fault management, and industrial optimization. Recently, invariant network has shown to be a powerful way in characterizing complex system behaviours. In the invariant network, a node represents a system component and an edge indicates a stable, significant interaction between two components. Structures and evolutions of the invariance network, in particular the vanishing correlations, can shed important light on locating causal anomalies and performing diagnosis. However, existing approaches to detect causal anomalies with the invariant network often use the percentage of vanishing correlations to rank possible casual components, which have several limitations: 1) fault propagation in the network is ignored; 2) the root casual anomalies may not always be the nodes with a high-percentage of vanishing correlations; 3) temporal patterns of vanishing correlations are not exploited for robust detection. To address these limitations, in this paper we propose a network diffusion based framework to identify significant causal anomalies and rank them. Our approach can effectively model fault propagation over the entire invariant network, and can perform joint inference on both the structural, and the time-evolving broken invariance patterns. As a result, it can locate high-confidence anomalies that are truly responsible for the vanishing correlations, and can compensate for unstructured measurement noise in the system. Extensive experiments on synthetic datasets, bank information system datasets, and coal plant cyber-physical system datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.	Ranking Causal Anomalies via Temporal and Dynamical Analysis on Vanishing Correlations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Konstantina Christakopoulou:Filip Radlinski:Katja Hofmann	People often ask others for restaurant recommendations as a way to discover new dining experiences. This makes restaurant recommendation an exciting scenario for recommender systems and has led to substantial research in this area. However, most such systems behave very differently from a human when asked for a recommendation. The goal of this paper is to begin to reduce this gap. In particular, humans can quickly establish preferences when asked to make a recommendation for someone they do not know. We address this cold-start recommendation problem in an online learning setting. We develop a preference elicitation framework to identify which questions to ask a new user to quickly learn their preferences. Taking advantage of latent structure in the recommendation space using a probabilistic latent factor model, our experiments with both synthetic and real world data compare different types of feedback and question selection strategies. We find that our framework can make very effective use of online user feedback, improving personalized recommendations over a static model by 25% after asking only 2 questions. Our results demonstrate dramatic benefits of starting from offline embeddings, and highlight the benefit of bandit-based explore-exploit strategies in this setting.	Towards Conversational Recommender Systems	NA:NA:NA	2016
Lorenzo De Stefani:Alessandro Epasto:Matteo Riondato:Eli Upfal	We present TRIEST, a suite of one-pass streaming algorithms to compute unbiased, low-variance, high-quality approximations of the global and local (i.e., incident to each vertex) number of triangles in a fully-dynamic graph represented as an adversarial stream of edge insertions and deletions. Our algorithms use reservoir sampling and its variants to exploit the user-specified memory space at all times. This is in contrast with previous approaches, which require hard-to-choose parameters (e.g., a fixed sampling probability) and offer no guarantees on the amount of memory they use. We analyze the variance of the estimations and show novel concentration bounds for these quantities. Our experimental results on very large graphs demonstrate that TRIEST outperforms state-of-the-art approaches in accuracy and exhibits a small update time.	TRIÃˆST: Counting Local and Global Triangles in Fully-Dynamic Streams with Fixed Memory Size	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Jaroslav Fowkes:Charles Sutton	Recent sequential pattern mining methods have used the minimum description length (MDL) principle to define an encoding scheme which describes an algorithm for mining the most compressing patterns in a database. We present a novel subsequence interleaving model based on a probabilistic model of the sequence database, which allows us to search for the most compressing set of patterns without designing a specific encoding scheme. Our proposed algorithm is able to efficiently mine the most relevant sequential patterns and rank them using an associated measure of interestingness. The efficient inference in our model is a direct result of our use of a structural expectation-maximization framework, in which the expectation-step takes the form of a submodular optimization problem subject to a coverage constraint. We show on both synthetic and real world datasets that our model mines a set of sequential patterns with low spuriousness and redundancy, high interpretability and usefulness in real-world applications. Furthermore, we demonstrate that the quality of the patterns from our approach is comparable to, if not better than, existing state of the art sequential pattern mining algorithms.	A Subsequence Interleaving Model for Sequential Pattern Mining	NA:NA	2016
Mina Ghashami:Edo Liberty:Jeff M. Phillips	This paper describes Sparse Frequent Directions, a variant of Frequent Directions for sketching sparse matrices. It resembles the original algorithm in many ways: both receive the rows of an input matrix An x d one by one in the streaming setting and compute a small sketch B âˆˆ Rl x d. Both share the same strong (provably optimal) asymptotic guarantees with respect to the space-accuracy tradeoff in the streaming setting. However, unlike Frequent Directions which runs in O(ndl) time regardless of the sparsity of the input matrix A, Sparse Frequent Directions runs in Ã•(nnz(A)l + nl2) time. Our analysis loosens the dependence on computing the Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) as a black box within the Frequent Directions algorithm. Our bounds require recent results on the properties of fast approximate SVD computations. Finally, we empirically demonstrate that these asymptotic improvements are practical and significant on real and synthetic data.	Efficient Frequent Directions Algorithm for Sparse Matrices	NA:NA:NA	2016
Aditya Grover:Jure Leskovec	Prediction tasks over nodes and edges in networks require careful effort in engineering features used by learning algorithms. Recent research in the broader field of representation learning has led to significant progress in automating prediction by learning the features themselves. However, present feature learning approaches are not expressive enough to capture the diversity of connectivity patterns observed in networks. Here we propose node2vec, an algorithmic framework for learning continuous feature representations for nodes in networks. In node2vec, we learn a mapping of nodes to a low-dimensional space of features that maximizes the likelihood of preserving network neighborhoods of nodes. We define a flexible notion of a node's network neighborhood and design a biased random walk procedure, which efficiently explores diverse neighborhoods. Our algorithm generalizes prior work which is based on rigid notions of network neighborhoods, and we argue that the added flexibility in exploring neighborhoods is the key to learning richer representations. We demonstrate the efficacy of node2vec over existing state-of-the-art techniques on multi-label classification and link prediction in several real-world networks from diverse domains. Taken together, our work represents a new way for efficiently learning state-of-the-art task-independent representations in complex networks.	node2vec: Scalable Feature Learning for Networks	NA:NA	2016
Lei Han:Yu Zhang:Xiu-Feng Wan:Tong Zhang	Recent statistical evidence has shown that a regression model by incorporating the interactions among the original covariates (features) can significantly improve the interpretability for biological data. One major challenge is the exponentially expanded feature space when adding high-order feature interactions to the model. To tackle the huge dimensionality, Hierarchical Sparse Models (HSM) are developed by enforcing sparsity under heredity structures in the interactions among the covariates. However, existing methods only consider pairwise interactions, making the discovery of important high-order interactions a non-trivial open problem. In this paper, we propose a Generalized Hierarchical Sparse Model (GHSM) as a generalization of the HSM models to learn arbitrary-order interactions. The GHSM applies the l1 penalty to all the model coefficients under a constraint that given any covariate, if none of its associated kth-order interactions contribute to the regression model, then neither do its associated higher-order interactions. The resulting objective function is non-convex with a challenge lying in the coupled variables appearing in the arbitrary-order hierarchical constraints and we devise an efficient optimization algorithm to directly solve it. Specifically, we decouple the variables in the constraints via both the GIST and ADMM methods into three subproblems, each of which is proved to admit an efficiently analytical solution. We evaluate the GHSM method in both synthetic problem and the antigenic sites identification problem for the flu virus data, where we expand the feature space up to the 5th-order interactions. Empirical results demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed method and the learned high-order interactions have meaningful synergistic covariate patterns in the virus antigenicity.	Generalized Hierarchical Sparse Model for Arbitrary-Order Interactive Antigenic Sites Identification in Flu Virus Data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Lifang He:Chun-Ta Lu:Jiaqi Ma:Jianping Cao:Linlin Shen:Philip S. Yu	Detecting communities (or modular structures) and structural hole spanners, the nodes bridging different communities in a network, are two essential tasks in the realm of network analytics. Due to the topological nature of communities and structural hole spanners, these two tasks are naturally tangled with each other, while there has been little synergy between them. In this paper, we propose a novel harmonic modularity method to tackle both tasks simultaneously. Specifically, we apply a harmonic function to measure the smoothness of community structure and to obtain the community indicator. We then investigate the sparsity level of the interactions between communities, with particular emphasis on the nodes connecting to multiple communities, to discriminate the indicator of SH spanners and assist the community guidance. Extensive experiments on real-world networks demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms several state-of-the-art methods in the community detection task and also in the SH spanner identification task (even the methods that require the supervised community information). Furthermore, by removing the SH spanners spotted by our method, we show that the quality of other community detection methods can be further improved.	Joint Community and Structural Hole Spanner Detection via Harmonic Modularity	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Xinran He:David Kempe	Uncertainty about models and data is ubiquitous in the computational social sciences, and it creates a need for robust social network algorithms, which can simultaneously provide guarantees across a spectrum of models and parameter settings. We begin an investigation into this broad domain by studying robust algorithms for the Influence Maximization problem, in which the goal is to identify a set of k nodes in a social network whose joint influence on the network is maximized. We define a Robust Influence Maximization framework wherein an algorithm is presented with a set of influence functions, typically derived from different influence models or different parameter settings for the same model. The different parameter settings could be derived from observed cascades on different topics, under different conditions, or at different times. The algorithm's goal is to identify a set of k nodes who are simultaneously influential for all influence functions, compared to the (function-specific) optimum solutions. We show strong approximation hardness results for this problem unless the algorithm gets to select at least a logarithmic factor more seeds than the optimum solution. However, when enough extra seeds may be selected, we show that techniques of Krause et al. can be used to approximate the optimum robust influence to within a factor of 1-1/e. We evaluate this bicriteria approximation algorithm against natural heuristics on several real-world data sets. Our experiments indicate that the worst-case hardness does not necessarily translate into bad performance on real-world data sets; all algorithms perform fairly well.	Robust Influence Maximization	NA:NA	2016
Bryan Hooi:Hyun Ah Song:Alex Beutel:Neil Shah:Kijung Shin:Christos Faloutsos	Given a bipartite graph of users and the products that they review, or followers and followees, how can we detect fake reviews or follows? Existing fraud detection methods (spectral, etc.) try to identify dense subgraphs of nodes that are sparsely connected to the remaining graph. Fraudsters can evade these methods using camouflage, by adding reviews or follows with honest targets so that they look "normal". Even worse, some fraudsters use hijacked accounts from honest users, and then the camouflage is indeed organic. Our focus is to spot fraudsters in the presence of camouflage or hijacked accounts. We propose FRAUDAR, an algorithm that (a) is camouflage-resistant, (b) provides upper bounds on the effectiveness of fraudsters, and (c) is effective in real-world data. Experimental results under various attacks show that FRAUDAR outperforms the top competitor in accuracy of detecting both camouflaged and non-camouflaged fraud. Additionally, in real-world experiments with a Twitter follower-followee graph of 1.47 billion edges, FRAUDAR successfully detected a subgraph of more than 4000 detected accounts, of which a majority had tweets showing that they used follower-buying services.	FRAUDAR: Bounding Graph Fraud in the Face of Camouflage	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Hao Hu:Joey Velez-Ginorio:Guo-Jun Qi	Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common childhood disorders and can continue through adolescence and adulthood. Although the root cause of the problem still remains unknown, recent advancements in brain imaging technology reveal there exists differences between neural activities of Typically Developing Children (TDC) and ADHD subjects. Inspired by this, we propose a novel First-Take-All (FTA) hashing framework to investigate the problem of fast ADHD subjects detection through the fMRI time-series of neuron activities. By hashing time courses from regions of interests (ROIs) in the brain into fixed-size hash codes, FTA can compactly encode the temporal order differences between the neural activity patterns that are key to distinguish TDC and ADHD subjects. Such patterns can be directly learned via minimizing the training loss incurred by the generated FTA codes. By conducting similarity search on the resultant FTA codes, data-driven ADHD detection can be achieved in an efficient fashion. The experiments' results on real-world ADHD detection benchmarks demonstrate the FTA can outperform the state-of-the-art baselines using only neural activity time series without any phenotypic information.	Temporal Order-based First-Take-All Hashing for Fast Attention-Deficit-Hyperactive-Disorder Detection	NA:NA:NA	2016
Hui-Ju Hung:Hong-Han Shuai:De-Nian Yang:Liang-Hao Huang:Wang-Chien Lee:Jian Pei:Ming-Syan Chen	Research issues and data mining techniques for product recommendation and viral marketing have been widely studied. Existing works on seed selection in social networks do not take into account the effect of product recommendations in e-commerce stores. In this paper, we investigate the seed selection problem for viral marketing that considers both effects of social influence and item inference (for product recommendation). We develop a new model, Social Item Graph (SIG), that captures both effects in the form of hyperedges. Accordingly, we formulate a seed selection problem, called Social Item Maximization Problem (SIMP), and prove the hardness of SIMP. We design an efficient algorithm with performance guarantee, called Hyperedge-Aware Greedy (HAG), for SIMP and develop a new index structure, called SIG-index, to accelerate the computation of diffusion process in HAG. Moreover, to construct realistic SIG models for SIMP, we develop a statistical inference based framework to learn the weights of hyperedges from data. Finally, we perform a comprehensive evaluation on our proposals with various baselines. Experimental result validates our ideas and demonstrates the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed model and algorithms over baselines.	When Social Influence Meets Item Inference	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Arun Shankar Iyer:J. Saketha Nath:Sunita Sarawagi	In this paper we present learning models for the class ratio estimation problem, which takes as input an unlabeled set of instances and predicts the proportions of instances in the set belonging to the different classes. This problem has applications in social and commercial data analysis. Existing models for class-ratio estimation however require instance-level supervision. Whereas in domains like politics, and demography, set-level supervision is more common. We present a new method for directly estimating class-ratios using set-level supervision. Another serious limitation in applying these techniques to sensitive domains like health is data privacy. We propose a novel label privacy-preserving mechanism that is well-suited for supervised class ratio estimation and has guarantees for achieving efficient differential privacy, provided the per-class counts are large enough. We derive learning bounds for the estimation with and without privacy constraints, which lead to important insights for the data-publisher. Extensive empirical evaluation shows that our model is more accurate than existing methods and that the proposed privacy mechanism and learning model are well-suited for each other.	Privacy-preserving Class Ratio Estimation	NA:NA:NA	2016
Himanshu Jain:Yashoteja Prabhu:Manik Varma	The choice of the loss function is critical in extreme multi-label learning where the objective is to annotate each data point with the most relevant subset of labels from an extremely large label set. Unfortunately, existing loss functions, such as the Hamming loss, are unsuitable for learning, model selection, hyperparameter tuning and performance evaluation. This paper addresses the issue by developing propensity scored losses which: (a) prioritize predicting the few relevant labels over the large number of irrelevant ones; (b) do not erroneously treat missing labels as irrelevant but instead provide unbiased estimates of the true loss function even when ground truth labels go missing under arbitrary probabilistic label noise models; and (c) promote the accurate prediction of infrequently occurring, hard to predict, but rewarding tail labels. Another contribution is the development of algorithms which efficiently scale to extremely large datasets with up to 9 million labels, 70 million points and 2 million dimensions and which give significant improvements over the state-of-the-art. This paper's results also apply to tagging, recommendation and ranking which are the motivating applications for extreme multi-label learning. They generalize previous attempts at deriving unbiased losses under the restrictive assumption that labels go missing uniformly at random from the ground truth. Furthermore, they provide a sound theoretical justification for popular label weighting heuristics used to recommend rare items. Finally, they demonstrate that the proposed contributions align with real world applications by achieving superior clickthrough rates on sponsored search advertising in Bing.	Extreme Multi-label Loss Functions for Recommendation, Tagging, Ranking & Other Missing Label Applications	NA:NA:NA	2016
Meng Jiang:Christos Faloutsos:Jiawei Han	Representing and summarizing human behaviors with rich contexts facilitates behavioral sciences and user-oriented services. Traditional behavioral modeling represents a behavior as a tuple in which each element is one contextual factor of one type, and the tensor-based summaries look for high-order dense blocks by clustering the values (including timestamps) in each dimension. However, the human behaviors are multicontextual and dynamic: (1) each behavior takes place within multiple contexts in a few dimensions, which requires the representation to enable non-value and set-values for each dimension; (2) many behavior collections, such as tweets or papers, evolve over time. In this paper, we represent the behavioral data as a two-level matrix (temporal-behaviors by dimensional-values) and propose a novel representation for behavioral summary called Tartan that includes a set of dimensions, the values in each dimension, a list of consecutive time slices and the behaviors in each slice. We further develop a propagation method CatchTartan to catch the dynamic multicontextual patterns from the temporal multidimensional data in a principled and scalable way: it determines the meaningfulness of updating every element in the Tartan by minimizing the encoding cost in a compression manner. CatchTartan outperforms the baselines on both the accuracy and speed. We apply CatchTartan to four Twitter datasets up to 10 million tweets and the DBLP data, providing comprehensive summaries for the events, human life and scientific development.	CatchTartan: Representing and Summarizing Dynamic Multicontextual Behaviors	NA:NA:NA	2016
Anjuli Kannan:Karol Kurach:Sujith Ravi:Tobias Kaufmann:Andrew Tomkins:Balint Miklos:Greg Corrado:Laszlo Lukacs:Marina Ganea:Peter Young:Vivek Ramavajjala	In this paper we propose and investigate a novel end-to-end method for automatically generating short email responses, called Smart Reply. It generates semantically diverse suggestions that can be used as complete email responses with just one tap on mobile. The system is currently used in Inbox by Gmail and is responsible for assisting with 10% of all mobile responses. It is designed to work at very high throughput and process hundreds of millions of messages daily. The system exploits state-of-the-art, large-scale deep learning. We describe the architecture of the system as well as the challenges that we faced while building it, like response diversity and scalability. We also introduce a new method for semantic clustering of user-generated content that requires only a modest amount of explicitly labeled data.	Smart Reply: Automated Response Suggestion for Email	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Florian Lemmerich:Martin Becker:Philipp Singer:Denis Helic:Andreas Hotho:Markus Strohmaier	We present a new method for detecting interpretable subgroups with exceptional transition behavior in sequential data. Identifying such patterns has many potential applications, e.g., for studying human mobility or analyzing the behavior of internet users. To tackle this task, we employ exceptional model mining, which is a general approach for identifying interpretable data subsets that exhibit unusual interactions between a set of target attributes with respect to a certain model class. Although exceptional model mining provides a well-suited framework for our problem, previously investigated model classes cannot capture transition behavior. To that end, we introduce first-order Markov chains as a novel model class for exceptional model mining and present a new interestingness measure that quantifies the exceptionality of transition subgroups. The measure compares the distance between the Markov transition matrix of a subgroup and the respective matrix of the entire data with the distance of random dataset samples. In addition, our method can be adapted to find subgroups that match or contradict given transition hypotheses. We demonstrate that our method is consistently able to recover subgroups with exceptional transition models from synthetic data and illustrate its potential in two application examples. Our work is relevant for researchers and practitioners interested in detecting exceptional transition behavior in sequential data.	Mining Subgroups with Exceptional Transition Behavior	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Huayu Li:Yong Ge:Richang Hong:Hengshu Zhu	The emergence of Location-based Social Network (LBSN) services provides a wonderful opportunity to build personalized Point-of-Interest (POI) recommender systems. Although a personalized POI recommender system can significantly facilitate users' outdoor activities, it faces many challenging problems, such as the hardness to model user's POI decision making process and the difficulty to address data sparsity and user/location cold-start problem. To cope with these challenges, we define three types of friends (i.e., social friends, location friends, and neighboring friends) in LBSN, and develop a two-step framework to leverage the information of friends to improve POI recommendation accuracy and address cold-start problem. Specifically, we first propose to learn a set of potential locations that each individual's friends have checked-in before and this individual is most interested in. Then we incorporate three types of check-ins (i.e., observed check-ins, potential check-ins and other unobserved check-ins) into matrix factorization model using two different loss functions (i.e., the square error based loss and the ranking error based loss). To evaluate the proposed model, we conduct extensive experiments with many state-of-the-art baseline methods and evaluation metrics on two real-world data sets. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our methods.	Point-of-Interest Recommendations: Learning Potential Check-ins from Friends	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Liangyue Li:Yuan Yao:Jie Tang:Wei Fan:Hanghang Tong	Measuring node proximity on large scale networks is a fundamental building block in many application domains, ranging from computer vision, e-commerce, social networks, software engineering, disaster management to biology and epidemiology. The state of the art (e.g., random walk based methods) typically assumes the input network is given a priori, with the known network topology and the associated edge weights. A few recent works aim to further infer the optimal edge weights based on the side information. This paper generalizes the challenge in multiple dimensions, aiming to learn optimal networks for node proximity measures. First (optimization scope), our proposed formulation explores a much larger parameter space, so that it is able to simultaneously infer the optimal network topology and the associated edge weights. This is important as a noisy or missing edge could greatly mislead the network node proximity measures. Second (optimization granularity), while all the existing works assume one common optimal network, be it given as the input or learned by the algorithms, exists for all queries, our method performs optimization at a much finer granularity, essentially being able to infer an optimal network that is specific to a given query. Third (optimization efficiency), we carefully design our algorithms with a linear complexity wrt the neighborhood size of the user preference set. We perform extensive empirical evaluations on a diverse set of 10+ real networks, which show that the proposed algorithms (1) consistently outperform the existing methods on all six commonly used metrics; (2) empirically scale sub-linearly to billion-scale networks and (3) respond in a fraction of a second.	QUINT: On Query-Specific Optimal Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Shangsong Liang:Emine Yilmaz:Evangelos Kanoulas	Clustering technology has found numerous applications in mining textual data. It was shown to enhance the performance of retrieval systems in various different ways, such as identifying different query aspects in search result diversification, improving smoothing in the context of language modeling, matching queries with documents in a latent topic space in ad-hoc retrieval, summarizing documents etc. The vast majority of clustering methods have been developed under the assumption of a static corpus of long (and hence textually rich) documents. Little attention has been given to streaming corpora of short text, which is the predominant type of data in Web 2.0 applications, such as social media, forums, and blogs. In this paper, we consider the problem of dynamically clustering a streaming corpus of short documents. The short length of documents makes the inference of the latent topic distribution challenging, while the temporal dynamics of streams allow topic distributions to change over time. To tackle these two challenges we propose a new dynamic clustering topic model - DCT - that enables tracking the time-varying distributions of topics over documents and words over topics. DCT models temporal dynamics by a short-term or long-term dependency model over sequential data, and overcomes the difficulty of handling short text by assigning a single topic to each short document and using the distributions inferred at a certain point in time as priors for the next inference, allowing the aggregation of information. At the same time, taking a Bayesian approach allows evidence obtained from new streaming documents to change the topic distribution. Our experimental results demonstrate that the proposed clustering algorithm outperforms state-of-the-art dynamic and non-dynamic clustering topic models in terms of perplexity and when integrated in a cluster-based query likelihood model it also outperforms state-of-the-art models in terms of retrieval quality.	Dynamic Clustering of Streaming Short Documents	NA:NA:NA	2016
Junming Liu:Leilei Sun:Weiwei Chen:Hui Xiong	Bike sharing systems, aiming at providing the missing links in public transportation systems, are becoming popular in urban cities. A key to success for a bike sharing systems is the effectiveness of rebalancing operations, that is, the efforts of restoring the number of bikes in each station to its target value by routing vehicles through pick-up and drop-off operations. There are two major issues for this bike rebalancing problem: the determination of station inventory target level and the large scale multiple capacitated vehicle routing optimization with outlier stations. The key challenges include demand prediction accuracy for inventory target level determination, and an effective optimizer for vehicle routing with hundreds of stations. To this end, in this paper, we develop a Meteorology Similarity Weighted K-Nearest-Neighbor (MSWK) regressor to predict the station pick-up demand based on large-scale historic trip records. Based on further analysis on the station network constructed by station-station connections and the trip duration, we propose an inter station bike transition (ISBT) model to predict the station drop-off demand. Then, we provide a mixed integer nonlinear programming (MINLP) formulation of multiple capacitated bike routing problem with the objective of minimizing total travel distance. To solve it, we propose an Adaptive Capacity Constrained K-centers Clustering (AdaCCKC) algorithm to separate outlier stations (the demands of these stations are very large and make the optimization infeasible) and group the rest stations into clusters within which one vehicle is scheduled to redistribute bikes between stations. In this way, the large scale multiple vehicle routing problem is reduced to inner cluster one vehicle routing problem with guaranteed feasible solutions. Finally, the extensive experimental results on the NYC Citi Bike system show the advantages of our approach for bike demand prediction and large-scale bike rebalancing optimization.	Rebalancing Bike Sharing Systems: A Multi-source Data Smart Optimization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Yanchi Liu:Chuanren Liu:Bin Liu:Meng Qu:Hui Xiong	Point-of-interest (POI) recommendation, which helps mobile users explore new places, has become an important location-based service. Existing approaches for POI recommendation have been mainly focused on exploiting the information about user preferences, social influence, and geographical influence. However, these approaches cannot handle the scenario where users are expecting to have POI recommendation for a specific time period. To this end, in this paper, we propose a unified recommender system, named the 'Where and When to gO' (WWO) recommender system, to integrate the user interests and their evolving sequential preferences with temporal interval assessment. As a result, the WWO system can make recommendations dynamically for a specific time period and the traditional POI recommender system can be treated as the special case of the WWO system by setting this time period long enough. Specifically, to quantify users' sequential preferences, we consider the distributions of the temporal intervals between dependent POIs in the historical check-in sequences. Then, to estimate the distributions with only sparse observations, we develop the low-rank graph construction model, which identifies a set of bi-weighted graph bases so as to learn the static user preferences and the dynamic sequential preferences in a coherent way. Finally, we evaluate the proposed approach using real-world data sets from several location-based social networks (LBSNs). The experimental results show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches for POI recommendation in terms of various metrics, such as F-measure and NDCG, with a significant margin.	Unified Point-of-Interest Recommendation with Temporal Interval Assessment	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Son T. Mai:Ira Assent:Martin Storgaard	The density-based clustering algorithm DBSCAN is a state-of-the-art data clustering technique with numerous applications in many fields. However, its O(n2) time complexity still remains a severe weakness. In this paper, we propose a novel anytime approach to cope with this problem by reducing both the range query and the label propagation time of DBSCAN. Our algorithm, called AnyDBC, compresses the data into smaller density-connected subsets called primitive clusters and labels objects based on connected components of these primitive clusters for reducing the label propagation time. Moreover, instead of passively performing the range query for all objects like existing techniques, AnyDBC iteratively and actively learns the current cluster structure of the data and selects a few most promising objects for refining clusters at each iteration. Thus, in the end, it performs substantially fewer range queries compared to DBSCAN while still guaranteeing the exact final result of DBSCAN. Experiments show speedup factors of orders of magnitude compared to DBSCAN and its fastest variants on very large real and synthetic complex datasets.	AnyDBC: An Efficient Anytime Density-based Clustering Algorithm for Very Large Complex Datasets	NA:NA:NA	2016
Emaad Manzoor:Sadegh M. Milajerdi:Leman Akoglu	Given a stream of heterogeneous graphs containing different types of nodes and edges, how can we spot anomalous ones in real-time while consuming bounded memory? This problem is motivated by and generalizes from its application in security to host-level advanced persistent threat (APT) detection. We propose StreamSpot, a clustering based anomaly detection approach that addresses challenges in two key fronts: (1) heterogeneity, and (2) streaming nature. We introduce a new similarity function for heterogeneous graphs that compares two graphs based on their relative frequency of local substructures, represented as short strings. This function lends itself to a vector representation of a graph, which is (a) fast to compute, and (b) amenable to a sketched version with bounded size that preserves similarity. StreamSpot exhibits desirable properties that a streaming application requires: it is (i) fully-streaming; processing the stream one edge at a time as it arrives, (ii) memory-efficient; requiring constant space for the sketches and the clustering, (iii) fast; taking constant time to update the graph sketches and the cluster summaries that can process over 100,000 edges per second, and (iv) online; scoring and flagging anomalies in real time. Experiments on datasets containing simulated system-call flow graphs from normal browser activity and various attack scenarios (ground truth) show that StreamSpot is high-performance; achieving above 95% detection accuracy with small delay, as well as competitive time and memory usage.	Fast Memory-efficient Anomaly Detection in Streaming Heterogeneous Graphs	NA:NA:NA	2016
Yasuko Matsubara:Yasushi Sakurai	Given a large, online stream of multiple co-evolving event sequences, such as sensor data and Web-click logs, that contains various types of non-linear dynamic evolving patterns of different durations, how can we efficiently and effectively capture important patterns? How do we go about forecasting long-term future events? In this paper, we present REGIMECAST, an efficient and effective method for forecasting co-evolving data streams. REGIMECAST is designed as an adaptive non-linear dynamical system, which is inspired by the concept of "regime shifts" in natural dynamical systems. Our method has the following properties: (a) Effective: it operates on large data streams, captures important patterns and performs long-term forecasting; (b) Adaptive: it automatically and incrementally recognizes the latent trends and dynamic evolution patterns (i.e., regimes) that are unknown in advance; (c) Scalable: it is fast and the computation cost does not depend on the length of data streams; (d) Any-time: it provides a response at any time and generates long-range future events. Extensive experiments on real datasets demonstrate that REGIMECAST does indeed make long-range forecasts, and it outperforms state-of-the-art competitors as regards accuracy and speed.	Regime Shifts in Streams: Real-time Forecasting of Co-evolving Time Sequences	NA:NA	2016
Samuel Maurus:Claudia Plant	Can we find heterogeneous clusters hidden in data sets with 80% noise? Although such settings occur in the real-world, we struggle to find methods from the abundance of clustering techniques that perform well with noise at this level. Indeed, perhaps this is enough of a departure from classical clustering to warrant its study as a separate problem. In this paper we present SkinnyDip which, based on Hartigan's elegant dip test of unimodality, represents an intriguing approach to clustering with an attractive set of properties. Specifically, SkinnyDip is highly noise-robust, practically parameter-free and completely deterministic. SkinnyDip never performs multivariate distance calculations, but rather employs insightful recursion based on "dips" into univariate projections of the data. It is able to detect a range of cluster shapes and densities, assuming only that each cluster admits a unimodal shape. Practically, its run-time grows linearly with the data. Finally, for high-dimensional data, continuity properties of the dip enable SkinnyDip to exploit multimodal projection pursuit in order to find an appropriate basis for clustering. Although not without its limitations, SkinnyDip compares favorably to a variety of clustering approaches on synthetic and real data, particularly in high-noise settings.	Skinny-dip: Clustering in a Sea of Noise	NA:NA	2016
Igor Melnyk:Arindam Banerjee:Bryan Matthews:Nikunj Oza	In this work we consider the problem of anomaly detection in heterogeneous, multivariate, variable-length time series datasets. Our focus is on the aviation safety domain, where data objects are flights and time series are sensor readings and pilot switches. In this context the goal is to detect anomalous flight segments, due to mechanical, environmental, or human factors in order to identifying operationally significant events and highlight potential safety risks. For this purpose, we propose a framework which represents each flight using a semi-Markov switching vector autoregressive (SMS-VAR) model. Detection of anomalies is then based on measuring dissimilarities between the model's prediction and data observation. The framework is scalable, due to the inherent parallel nature of most computations, and can be used to perform online anomaly detection. Extensive experimental results on simulated and real datasets illustrate that the framework can detect various types of anomalies along with the key parameters involved.	Semi-Markov Switching Vector Autoregressive Model-Based Anomaly Detection in Aviation Systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Subhabrata Mukherjee:Stephan GÃ¼nnemann:Gerhard Weikum	Online review communities are dynamic as users join and leave, adopt new vocabulary, and adapt to evolving trends. Recent work has shown that recommender systems benefit from explicit consideration of user experience. However, prior work assumes a fixed number of discrete experience levels, whereas in reality users gain experience and mature continuously over time. This paper presents a new model that captures the continuous evolution of user experience, and the resulting language model in reviews and other posts. Our model is unsupervised and combines principles of Geometric Brownian Motion, Brownian Motion, and Latent Dirichlet Allocation to trace a smooth temporal progression of user experience and language model respectively. We develop practical algorithms for estimating the model parameters from data and for inference with our model (e.g., to recommend items). Extensive experiments with five real-world datasets show that our model not only fits data better than discrete-model baselines, but also outperforms state-of-the-art methods for predicting item ratings.	Continuous Experience-aware Language Model	NA:NA:NA	2016
Sharad Nandanwar:M. N. Murty	Classification of entities based on the underlying network structure is an important problem. Networks encountered in practice are sparse and have many missing and noisy links. Statistical learning techniques have been used in intra-network classification; however, they typically exploit only the local neighborhood, so may not perform well. In this paper, we propose a novel structural neighborhood-based classifier learning using a random walk. For classifying a node, we take a random walk from the node and make a decision based on how nodes in the respective k^th-level neighborhood are labeled. We observe that random walks of short length are helpful in classification. Emphasizing role of longer random walks may cause the underlying Markov chain to converge to a stationary distribution. Considering this, we take a lazy random walk based approach with variable termination probability for each node, based on the node's structural properties including its degree. Our experimental study on real world datasets demonstrates the superiority of the proposed approach over the existing state-of-the-art approaches.	Structural Neighborhood Based Classification of Nodes in a Network	NA:NA	2016
Yue Ning:Sathappan Muthiah:Huzefa Rangwala:Naren Ramakrishnan	Forecasting large-scale societal events like civil unrest movements, disease outbreaks, and elections is an important and challenging problem. From the perspective of human analysts and policy makers, forecasting algorithms must not only make accurate predictions but must also provide supporting evidence, e.g., the causal factors related to the event of interest. We develop a novel multiple instance learning based approach that jointly tackles the problem of identifying evidence-based precursors and forecasts events into the future. Specifically, given a collection of streaming news articles from multiple sources we develop a nested multiple instance learning approach to forecast significant societal events such as protests. Using data from three countries in Latin America, we demonstrate how our approach is able to consistently identify news articles considered as precursors for protests. Our empirical evaluation demonstrates the strengths of our proposed approach in filtering candidate precursors, in forecasting the occurrence of events with a lead time advantage and in accurately predicting the characteristics of civil unrest events.	Modeling Precursors for Event Forecasting via Nested Multi-Instance Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Mingdong Ou:Peng Cui:Jian Pei:Ziwei Zhang:Wenwu Zhu	Graph embedding algorithms embed a graph into a vector space where the structure and the inherent properties of the graph are preserved. The existing graph embedding methods cannot preserve the asymmetric transitivity well, which is a critical property of directed graphs. Asymmetric transitivity depicts the correlation among directed edges, that is, if there is a directed path from u to v, then there is likely a directed edge from u to v. Asymmetric transitivity can help in capturing structures of graphs and recovering from partially observed graphs. To tackle this challenge, we propose the idea of preserving asymmetric transitivity by approximating high-order proximity which are based on asymmetric transitivity. In particular, we develop a novel graph embedding algorithm, High-Order Proximity preserved Embedding (HOPE for short), which is scalable to preserve high-order proximities of large scale graphs and capable of capturing the asymmetric transitivity. More specifically, we first derive a general formulation that cover multiple popular high-order proximity measurements, then propose a scalable embedding algorithm to approximate the high-order proximity measurements based on their general formulation. Moreover, we provide a theoretical upper bound on the RMSE (Root Mean Squared Error) of the approximation. Our empirical experiments on a synthetic dataset and three real-world datasets demonstrate that HOPE can approximate the high-order proximities significantly better than the state-of-art algorithms and outperform the state-of-art algorithms in tasks of reconstruction, link prediction and vertex recommendation.	Asymmetric Transitivity Preserving Graph Embedding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Ha-Myung Park:Sung-Hyon Myaeng:U. Kang	How can we enumerate triangles from an enormous graph with billions of vertices and edges? Triangle enumeration is an important task for graph data analysis with many applications including identifying suspicious users in social networks, detecting web spams, finding communities, etc. However, recent networks are so large that most of the previous algorithms fail to process them. Recently, several MapReduce algorithms have been proposed to address such large networks; however, they suffer from the massive shuffled data resulting in a very long processing time. In this paper, we propose PTE (Pre-partitioned Triangle Enumeration), a new distributed algorithm for enumerating triangles in enormous graphs by resolving the structural inefficiency of the previous MapReduce algorithms. PTE enumerates trillions of triangles in a billion scale graph by decreasing three factors: the amount of shuffled data, total work, and network read. Experimental results show that PTE provides up to 47 times faster performance than recent distributed algorithms on real world graphs, and succeeds in enumerating more than 3 trillion triangles on the ClueWeb12 graph with 6.3 billion vertices and 72 billion edges, which any previous triangle computation algorithm fail to process.	PTE: Enumerating Trillion Triangles On Distributed Systems	NA:NA:NA	2016
Steffen Rendle:Dennis Fetterly:Eugene J. Shekita:Bor-yiing Su	The convergence behavior of many distributed machine learning (ML) algorithms can be sensitive to the number of machines being used or to changes in the computing environment. As a result, scaling to a large number of machines can be challenging. In this paper, we describe a new scalable coordinate descent (SCD) algorithm for generalized linear models whose convergence behavior is always the same, regardless of how much SCD is scaled out and regardless of the computing environment. This makes SCD highly robust and enables it to scale to massive datasets on low-cost commodity servers. Experimental results on a real advertising dataset in Google are used to demonstrate SCD's cost effectiveness and scalability. Using Google's internal cloud, we show that SCD can provide near linear scaling using thousands of cores for 1 trillion training examples on a petabyte of compressed data. This represents 10,000x more training examples than the 'large-scale' Netflix prize dataset. We also show that SCD can learn a model for 20 billion training examples in two hours for about $10.	Robust Large-Scale Machine Learning in the Cloud	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Marco Tulio Ribeiro:Sameer Singh:Carlos Guestrin	Despite widespread adoption, machine learning models remain mostly black boxes. Understanding the reasons behind predictions is, however, quite important in assessing trust, which is fundamental if one plans to take action based on a prediction, or when choosing whether to deploy a new model. Such understanding also provides insights into the model, which can be used to transform an untrustworthy model or prediction into a trustworthy one. In this work, we propose LIME, a novel explanation technique that explains the predictions of any classifier in an interpretable and faithful manner, by learning an interpretable model locally varound the prediction. We also propose a method to explain models by presenting representative individual predictions and their explanations in a non-redundant way, framing the task as a submodular optimization problem. We demonstrate the flexibility of these methods by explaining different models for text (e.g. random forests) and image classification (e.g. neural networks). We show the utility of explanations via novel experiments, both simulated and with human subjects, on various scenarios that require trust: deciding if one should trust a prediction, choosing between models, improving an untrustworthy classifier, and identifying why a classifier should not be trusted.	"Why Should I Trust You?": Explaining the Predictions of Any Classifier	NA:NA:NA	2016
Matteo Riondato:Eli Upfal	We present ABRA, a suite of algorithms to compute and maintain probabilistically-guaranteed, high-quality, approximations of the betweenness centrality of all nodes (or edges) on both static and fully dynamic graphs. Our algorithms use progressive random sampling and their analysis rely on Rademacher averages and pseudodimension, fundamental concepts from statistical learning theory. To our knowledge, this is the first application of these concepts to the field of graph analysis. Our experimental results show that ABRA is much faster than exact methods, and vastly outperforms, in both runtime and number of samples, state-of-the-art algorithms with the same quality guarantees.	ABRA: Approximating Betweenness Centrality in Static and Dynamic Graphs with Rademacher Averages	NA:NA	2016
Pablo Robles:Sebastian Moreno:Jennifer Neville	Network sampling is a widely used procedure in social network analysis where a random network is sampled from a generative network model (GNM). Recently proposed GNMs, allow generation of networks with more realistic structural characteristics than earlier ones. This facilitates tasks such as hypothesis testing and sensitivity analysis. However, sampling of networks with correlated vertex attributes remains a challenging problem. While the recent work of \cite{Pfeiffer:14} has provided a promising approach for attributed-network sampling, the approach was developed for use with relatively simple GNMs and does not work well with more complex hierarchical GNMs (which can model the range of characteristics and variation observed in real world networks more accurately). In contrast to simple GNMs where the probability mass is spread throughout the space of edges more evenly, hierarchical GNMs concentrate the mass to smaller regions of the space to reflect dependencies among edges in the network---this produces more realistic network characteristics, but also makes it more difficult to identify candidate networks from the sampling space. In this paper, we propose a novel sampling method, CSAG, to sample from hierarchical GNMs and generate networks with correlated attributes. CSAG constrains every step of the sampling process to consider the structure of the GNM---in order to bias the search to regions of the space with higher likelihood. We implemented CSAG using mixed Kronecker Product Graph Models and evaluated our approach on three real-world datasets. The results show that CSAG jointly models the correlation and structure of the networks better than the state of the art. Specifically, CSAG maintains the variability of the underlying GNM while providing a â‰¥ 5X reduction in attribute correlation error.	Sampling of Attributed Networks from Hierarchical Generative Models	NA:NA:NA	2016
Si Si:Kai-Yang Chiang:Cho-Jui Hsieh:Nikhil Rao:Inderjit S. Dhillon	Matrix completion (MC) with additional information has found wide applicability in several machine learning applications. Among algorithms for solving such problems, Inductive Matrix Completion(IMC) has drawn a considerable amount of attention, not only for its well established theoretical guarantees but also for its superior performance in various real-world applications. However, IMC based methods usually place very strong constraints on the quality of the features(side information) to ensure accurate recovery, which might not be met in practice. In this paper, we propose Goal-directed Inductive Matrix Completion(GIMC) to learn a nonlinear mapping of the features so that they satisfy the required properties. A key distinction between GIMC and IMC is that the feature mapping is learnt in a supervised manner, deviating from the traditional approach of unsupervised feature learning followed by model training. We establish the superiority of our method on several popular machine learning applications including multi-label learning, multi-class classification, and semi-supervised clustering.	Goal-Directed Inductive Matrix Completion	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Arlei Silva:Xuan Hong Dang:Prithwish Basu:Ambuj Singh:Ananthram Swami	Modeling information that resides on vertices of large graphs is a key problem in several real-life applications, ranging from social networks to the Internet-of-things. Signal Processing on Graphs and, in particular, graph wavelets can exploit the intrinsic smoothness of these datasets in order to represent them in a compact and accurate manner. However, how to discover wavelet bases that capture the geometry of the data with respect to the signal as well as the graph structure remains an open problem. In this paper, we study the problem of computing graph wavelet bases via sparse cuts in order to produce low-dimensional encodings of data-driven bases. This problem is connected to known hard problems in graph theory (e.g. multiway cuts) and thus requires an efficient heuristic. We formulate the basis discovery task as a relaxation of a vector optimization problem, which leads to an elegant solution as a regularized eigenvalue computation. Moreover, we propose several strategies in order to scale our algorithm to large graphs. Experimental results show that the proposed algorithm can effectively encode both the graph structure and signal, producing compressed and accurate representations for vertex values in a wide range of datasets (e.g. sensor and gene networks) and significantly outperforming the best baseline.	Graph Wavelets via Sparse Cuts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Payam Siyari:Bistra Dilkina:Constantine Dovrolis	Data represented as strings abounds in biology, linguistics, document mining, web search and many other fields. Such data often have a hierarchical structure, either because they were artificially designed and composed in a hierarchical manner or because there is an underlying evolutionary process that creates repeatedly more complex strings from simpler substrings. We propose a framework, referred to as Lexis, that produces an optimized hierarchical representation of a given set of "target" strings. The resulting hierarchy, "Lexis-DAG", shows how to construct each target through the concatenation of intermediate substrings, minimizing the total number of such concatenations or DAG edges. The Lexis optimization problem is related to the smallest grammar problem. After we prove its NP-hardness for two cost formulations, we propose an efficient greedy algorithm for the construction of Lexis-DAGs. We also consider the problem of identifying the set of intermediate nodes (substrings) that collectively form the "core" of a Lexis-DAG, which is important in the analysis of Lexis-DAGs. We show that the Lexis framework can be applied in diverse applications such as optimized synthesis of DNA fragments in genomic libraries, hierarchical structure discovery in protein sequences, dictionary-based text compression, and feature extraction from a set of documents.	Lexis: An Optimization Framework for Discovering the Hierarchical Structure of Sequential Data	NA:NA:NA	2016
Daniel Ting	Estimating the cardinality of unions and intersections of sets is a problem of interest in OLAP. Large data applications often require the use of approximate methods based on small sketches of the data. We give new estimators for the cardinality of unions and intersection and show they approximate an optimal estimation procedure. These estimators enable the improved accuracy of the streaming MinCount sketch to be exploited in distributed settings. Both theoretical and empirical results demonstrate substantial improvements over existing methods.	Towards Optimal Cardinality Estimation of Unions and Intersections with Sketches	NA	2016
Kai Ming Ting:Ye Zhu:Mark Carman:Yue Zhu:Zhi-Hua Zhou	This paper introduces the first generic version of data dependent dissimilarity and shows that it provides a better closest match than distance measures for three existing algorithms in clustering, anomaly detection and multi-label classification. For each algorithm, we show that by simply replacing the distance measure with the data dependent dissimilarity measure, it overcomes a key weakness of the otherwise unchanged algorithm.	Overcoming Key Weaknesses of Distance-based Neighbourhood Methods using a Data Dependent Dissimilarity Measure	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
William Trouleau:Azin Ashkan:Weicong Ding:Brian Eriksson	Easy accessibility can often lead to over-consumption, as seen in food and alcohol habits. On video on-demand (VOD) services, this has recently been referred to as binge watching, where potentially entire seasons of TV shows are consumed in a single viewing session. While a user viewership model may reveal this binging behavior, creating an accurate model has several challenges, including censored data, deviations in the population, and the need to consider external influences on consumption habits. In this paper, we introduce a novel statistical mixture model that incorporates these factors and presents a first of its kind characterization of viewer consumption behavior using a real-world dataset that includes playback data from a VOD service. From our modeling, we tackle various predictive tasks to infer the consumption decisions of a user in a viewing session, including estimating the number of episodes they watch and classifying if they continue watching another episode. Using these insights, we then identify binge watching sessions based on deviation from normal viewing behavior. We observe different types of binging behavior, that binge watchers often view certain content out-of-order, and that binge watching is not a consistent behavior among our users. These insights and our findings have application in VOD revenue generation, consumer health applications, and customer retention analysis.	Just One More: Modeling Binge Watching Behavior	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Daixin Wang:Peng Cui:Wenwu Zhu	Network embedding is an important method to learn low-dimensional representations of vertexes in networks, aiming to capture and preserve the network structure. Almost all the existing network embedding methods adopt shallow models. However, since the underlying network structure is complex, shallow models cannot capture the highly non-linear network structure, resulting in sub-optimal network representations. Therefore, how to find a method that is able to effectively capture the highly non-linear network structure and preserve the global and local structure is an open yet important problem. To solve this problem, in this paper we propose a Structural Deep Network Embedding method, namely SDNE. More specifically, we first propose a semi-supervised deep model, which has multiple layers of non-linear functions, thereby being able to capture the highly non-linear network structure. Then we propose to exploit the first-order and second-order proximity jointly to preserve the network structure. The second-order proximity is used by the unsupervised component to capture the global network structure. While the first-order proximity is used as the supervised information in the supervised component to preserve the local network structure. By jointly optimizing them in the semi-supervised deep model, our method can preserve both the local and global network structure and is robust to sparse networks. Empirically, we conduct the experiments on five real-world networks, including a language network, a citation network and three social networks. The results show that compared to the baselines, our method can reconstruct the original network significantly better and achieves substantial gains in three applications, i.e. multi-label classification, link prediction and visualization.	Structural Deep Network Embedding	NA:NA:NA	2016
Shuai Wang:Zhiyuan Chen:Geli Fei:Bing Liu:Sherry Emery	One of the overarching tasks of document analysis is to find what topics people talk about. One of the main techniques for this purpose is topic modeling. So far many models have been proposed. However, the existing models typically perform full analysis on the whole data to find all topics. This is certainly useful, but in practice we found that the user almost always also wants to perform more detailed analyses on some specific aspects, which we refer to as targets (or targeted aspects). Current full-analysis models are not suitable for such analyses as their generated topics are often too coarse and may not even be on target. For example, given a set of tweets about e-cigarette, one may want to find out what topics under discussion are specifically related to children. Likewise, given a collection of online reviews about a camera, a consumer or camera manufacturer may be interested in finding out all topics about the camera's screen, the targeted aspect. As we will see in our experiments, current full topic models are ineffective for such targeted analyses. This paper studies this problem and proposes a novel targeted topic model (TTM) to enable focused analyses on any specific aspect of interest. Our experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the TTM.	Targeted Topic Modeling for Focused Analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Xiaoqian Wang:Feiping Nie:Heng Huang	As one of the most significant machine learning topics, clustering has been extensively employed in various kinds of area. Its prevalent application in scientific research as well as industrial practice has drawn high attention in this day and age. A multitude of clustering methods have been developed, among which the graph based clustering method using the affinity matrix has been laid great emphasis on. Recent research work used the doubly stochastic matrix to normalize the input affinity matrix and enhance the graph based clustering models. Although the doubly stochastic matrix can improve the clustering performance, the clustering structure in the doubly stochastic matrix is not clear as expected. Thus, post processing step is required to extract the final clustering results, which may not be optimal. To address this problem, in this paper, we propose a novel convex model to learn the structured doubly stochastic matrix by imposing low-rank constraint on the graph Laplacian matrix. Our new structured doubly stochastic matrix can explicitly uncover the clustering structure and encode the probabilities of pair-wise data points to be connected, such that the clustering results are enhanced. An efficient optimization algorithm is derived to solve our new objective. Also, we provide theoretical discussions that when the input differs, our method possesses interesting connections with K-means and spectral graph cut models respectively. We conduct experiments on both synthetic and benchmark datasets to validate the performance of our proposed method. The empirical results demonstrate that our model provides an approach to better solving the K-mean clustering problem. By using the cluster indicator provided by our model as initialization, K-means converges to a smaller objective function value with better clustering performance. Moreover, we compare the clustering performance of our model with spectral clustering and related double stochastic model. On all datasets, our method performs equally or better than the related methods.	Structured Doubly Stochastic Matrix for Graph Based Clustering: Structured Doubly Stochastic Matrix	NA:NA:NA	2016
Geoffrey I. Webb:FranÃ§ois Petitjean	Statistical hypothesis testing is a popular and powerful tool for inferring knowledge from data. For every such test performed, there is always a non-zero probability of making a false discovery, i.e.~rejecting a null hypothesis in error. Familywise error rate (FWER) is the probability of making at least one false discovery during an inference process. The expected FWER grows exponentially with the number of hypothesis tests that are performed, almost guaranteeing that an error will be committed if the number of tests is big enough and the risk is not managed; a problem known as the multiple testing problem. State-of-the-art methods for controlling FWER in multiple comparison settings require that the set of hypotheses be predetermined. This greatly hinders statistical testing for many modern applications of statistical inference, such as model selection, because neither the set of hypotheses that will be tested, nor even the number of hypotheses, can be known in advance. This paper introduces Subfamilywise Multiple Testing, a multiple-testing correction that can be used in applications for which there are repeated pools of null hypotheses from each of which a single null hypothesis is to be rejected and neither the specific hypotheses nor their number are known until the final rejection decision is completed. To demonstrate the importance and relevance of this work to current machine learning problems, we further refine the theory to the problem of model selection and show how to use Subfamilywise Multiple Testing for learning graphical models. We assess its ability to discover graphical models on more than 7,000 datasets, studying the ability of Subfamilywise Multiple Testing to outperform the state of the art on data with varying size and dimensionality, as well as with varying density and power of the present correlations. Subfamilywise Multiple Testing provides a significant improvement in statistical efficiency, often requiring only half as much data to discover the same model, while strictly controlling FWER.	A Multiple Test Correction for Streams and Cascades of Statistical Hypothesis Tests	NA:NA	2016
Lingfei Wu:Ian E.H. Yen:Jie Chen:Rui Yan	Kernel method has been developed as one of the standard approaches for nonlinear learning, which however, does not scale to large data set due to its quadratic complexity in the number of samples. A number of kernel approximation methods have thus been proposed in the recent years, among which the random features method gains much popularity due to its simplicity and direct reduction of nonlinear problem to a linear one. Different random feature functions have since been proposed to approximate a variety of kernel functions. Among them the Random Binning (RB) feature, proposed in the first random-feature paper [21], has drawn much less attention than the Random Fourier (RF) feature proposed also in [21]. In this work, we observe that the RB features, with right choice of optimization solver, could be orders-of-magnitude more efficient than other random features and kernel approximation methods under the same requirement of accuracy. We thus propose the first analysis of RB from the perspective of optimization, which by interpreting RB as a Randomized Block Coordinate Descent in the infinite-dimensional space, gives a faster convergence rate compared to that of other random features. In particular, we show that by drawing R random grids with at least Îº number of non-empty bins per grid in expectation, RB method achieves a convergence rate of O(1/Îº R)), which not only sharpens its O(1/âˆšR) rate from Monte Carlo analysis, but also shows a Îº times speedup over other random features under the same analysis framework. In addition, we demonstrate another advantage of RB in the L1-regularized setting, where unlike other random features, a RB-based Coordinate Descent solver can be parallelized with guaranteed speedup proportional to Îº. Our extensive experiments demonstrate the superior performance of the RB features over other random features and kernel approximation methods.	Revisiting Random Binning Features: Fast Convergence and Strong Parallelizability	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Chang Xu:Dacheng Tao:Chao Xu	Tail labels in the multi-label learning problem undermine the low-rank assumption. Nevertheless, this problem has rarely been investigated. In addition to using the low-rank structure to depict label correlations, this paper explores and exploits an additional sparse component to handle tail labels behaving as outliers, in order to make the classical low-rank principle in multi-label learning valid. The divide-and-conquer optimization technique is employed to increase the scalability of the proposed algorithm while theoretically guaranteeing its performance. A theoretical analysis of the generalizability of the proposed algorithm suggests that it can be improved by the low-rank and sparse decomposition given tail labels. Experimental results on real-world data demonstrate the significance of investigating tail labels and the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.	Robust Extreme Multi-label Learning	NA:NA:NA	2016
Tong Xu:Hengshu Zhu:Xiangyu Zhao:Qi Liu:Hao Zhong:Enhong Chen:Hui Xiong	With recent advances in mobile and sensor technologies, a large amount of efforts have been made on developing intelligent applications for taxi drivers, which provide beneficial guide and opportunity to improve the profit and work efficiency. However, limited scopes focus on the latent social interaction within cab drivers, and corresponding social propagation scheme to share driving behaviors has been largely ignored. To that end, in this paper, we propose a comprehensive study to reveal how the social propagation affects for better prediction of cab drivers' future behaviors. To be specific, we first investigate the correlation between drivers' skills and their mutual interactions in the latent vehicle-to-vehicle network, which intuitively indicates the effects of social influences. Along this line, by leveraging the classic social influence theory, we develop a two-stage framework for quantitatively revealing the latent driving pattern propagation within taxi drivers. Comprehensive experiments on a real-word data set collected from the New York City clearly validate the effectiveness of our proposed framework on predicting future taxi driving behaviors, which also support the hypothesis that social factors indeed improve the predictability of driving behaviors.	Taxi Driving Behavior Analysis in Latent Vehicle-to-Vehicle Networks: A Social Influence Perspective	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Shuangfei Zhai:Keng-hao Chang:Ruofei Zhang:Zhongfei Mark Zhang	In this paper, we investigate the use of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) in the context of search-based online advertising. We use RNNs to map both queries and ads to real valued vectors, with which the relevance of a given (query, ad) pair can be easily computed. On top of the RNN, we propose a novel attention network, which learns to assign attention scores to different word locations according to their intent importance (hence the name DeepIntent). The vector output of a sequence is thus computed by a weighted sum of the hidden states of the RNN at each word according their attention scores. We perform end-to-end training of both the RNN and attention network under the guidance of user click logs, which are sampled from a commercial search engine. We show that in most cases the attention network improves the quality of learned vector representations, evaluated by AUC on a manually labeled dataset. Moreover, we highlight the effectiveness of the learned attention scores from two aspects: query rewriting and a modified BM25 metric. We show that using the learned attention scores, one is able to produce sub-queries that are of better qualities than those of the state-of-the-art methods. Also, by modifying the term frequency with the attention scores in a standard BM25 formula, one is able to improve its performance evaluated by AUC.	DeepIntent: Learning Attentions for Online Advertising with Recurrent Neural Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Chao Zhang:Keyang Zhang:Quan Yuan:Luming Zhang:Tim Hanratty:Jiawei Han	Understanding human mobility is of great importance to various applications, such as urban planning, traffic scheduling, and location prediction. While there has been fruitful research on modeling human mobility using tracking data (e.g., GPS traces), the recent growth of geo-tagged social media (GeoSM) brings new opportunities to this task because of its sheer size and multi-dimensional nature. Nevertheless, how to obtain quality mobility models from the highly sparse and complex GeoSM data remains a challenge that cannot be readily addressed by existing techniques. We propose GMove, a group-level mobility modeling method using GeoSM data. Our insight is that the GeoSM data usually contains multiple user groups, where the users within the same group share significant movement regularity. Meanwhile, user grouping and mobility modeling are two intertwined tasks: (1) better user grouping offers better within-group data consistency and thus leads to more reliable mobility models; and (2) better mobility models serve as useful guidance that helps infer the group a user belongs to. GMove thus alternates between user grouping and mobility modeling, and generates an ensemble of Hidden Markov Models (HMMs) to characterize group-level movement regularity. Furthermore, to reduce text sparsity of GeoSM data, GMove also features a text augmenter. The augmenter computes keyword correlations by examining their spatiotemporal distributions. With such correlations as auxiliary knowledge, it performs sampling-based augmentation to alleviate text sparsity and produce high-quality HMMs. Our extensive experiments on two real-life data sets demonstrate that GMove can effectively generate meaningful group-level mobility models. Moreover, with context-aware location prediction as an example application, we find that GMove significantly outperforms baseline mobility models in terms of prediction accuracy.	GMove: Group-Level Mobility Modeling Using Geo-Tagged Social Media	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Hongyang Zhang:Peter Lofgren:Ashish Goel	We propose and analyze two algorithms for maintaining approximate Personalized PageRank (PPR) vectors on a dynamic graph, where edges are added or deleted. Our algorithms are natural dynamic versions of two known local variations of power iteration. One, Forward Push, propagates probability mass forwards along edges from a source node, while the other, Reverse Push, propagates local changes backwards along edges from a target. In both variations, we maintain an invariant between two vectors, and when an edge is updated, our algorithm first modifies the vectors to restore the invariant, then performs any needed local push operations to restore accuracy. For Reverse Push, we prove that for an arbitrary directed graph in a random edge model, or for an arbitrary undirected graph, given a uniformly random target node t, the cost to maintain a PPR vector to t of additive error Îµ as k edges are updated is O(k + d/Îµ, where d is the average degree of the graph. This is O(1) work per update, plus the cost of computing a reverse vector once on a static graph. For Forward Push, we show that on an arbitrary undirected graph, given a uniformly random start node s, the cost to maintain a PPR vector from s of degree-normalized error Îµ as k edges are updated is O(k + 1/Îµ, which is again O(1) per update plus the cost of computing a PPR vector once on a static graph.	Approximate Personalized PageRank on Dynamic Graphs	NA:NA:NA	2016
Kai Zhang:Shandian Zhe:Chaoran Cheng:Zhi Wei:Zhengzhang Chen:Haifeng Chen:Guofei Jiang:Yuan Qi:Jieping Ye	Sparse learning has received tremendous amount of interest in high-dimensional data analysis due to its model interpretability and the low-computational cost. Among the various techniques, adaptive l1-regularization is an effective framework to improve the convergence behaviour of the LASSO, by using varying strength of regularization across different features. In the meantime, the adaptive structure makes it very powerful in modelling grouped sparsity patterns as well, being particularly useful in high-dimensional multi-task problems. However, choosing an appropriate, global regularization weight is still an open problem. In this paper, inspired by the annealing technique in material science, we propose to achieve "annealed sparsity" by designing a dynamic shrinking scheme that simultaneously optimizes the regularization weights and model coefficients in sparse (multi-task) learning. The dynamic structures of our algorithm are twofold. Feature-wise (spatially), the regularization weights are updated interactively with model coefficients, allowing us to improve the global regularization structure. Iteration-wise (temporally), such interaction is coupled with gradually boosted l1-regularization by adjusting an equality norm-constraint, achieving an annealing effect to further improve model selection. This renders interesting shrinking behaviour in the whole solution path. Our method competes favorably with state-of-the-art methods in sparse (multi-task) learning. We also apply it in expression quantitative trait loci analysis (eQTL), which gives useful biological insights in human cancer (melanoma) study.	Annealed Sparsity via Adaptive and Dynamic Shrinking	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Min-Ling Zhang:Bin-Bin Zhou:Xu-Ying Liu	Partial label learning deals with the problem where each training example is represented by a feature vector while associated with a set of candidate labels, among which only one label is valid. To learn from such ambiguous labeling information, the key is to try to disambiguate the candidate label sets of partial label training examples. Existing disambiguation strategies work by either identifying the ground-truth label iteratively or treating each candidate label equally. Nonetheless, the disambiguation process is generally conducted by focusing on manipulating the label space, and thus ignores making full use of potentially useful information from the feature space. In this paper, a novel two-stage approach is proposed to learning from partial label examples based on feature-aware disambiguation. In the first stage, the manifold structure of feature space is utilized to generate normalized labeling confidences over candidate label set. In the second stage, the predictive model is learned by performing regularized multi-output regression over the generated labeling confidences. Extensive experiments on artificial as well as real-world partial label data sets clearly validate the superiority of the proposed feature-aware disambiguation approach.	Partial Label Learning via Feature-Aware Disambiguation	NA:NA:NA	2016
Si Zhang:Hanghang Tong	Multiple networks naturally appear in numerous high-impact applications. Network alignment (i.e., finding the node correspondence across different networks) is often the very first step for many data mining tasks. Most, if not all, of the existing alignment methods are solely based on the topology of the underlying networks. Nonetheless, many real networks often have rich attribute information on nodes and/or edges. In this paper, we propose a family of algorithms FINAL to align attributed networks. The key idea is to leverage the node/edge attribute information to guide (topology-based) alignment process. We formulate this problem from an optimization perspective based on the alignment consistency principle, and develop effective and scalable algorithms to solve it. Our experiments on real networks show that (1) by leveraging the attribute information, our algorithms can significantly improve the alignment accuracy (i.e., up to a 30% improvement over the existing methods); (2) compared with the exact solution, our proposed fast alignment algorithm leads to a more than 10 times speed-up, while preserving a 95% accuracy; and (3) our on-query alignment method scales linearly, with an around 90% ranking accuracy compared with our exact full alignment method and a near real-time response time.	FINAL: Fast Attributed Network Alignment	NA:NA	2016
Tianyang Zhang:Peng Cui:Christos Faloutsos:Yunfei Lu:Hao Ye:Wenwu Zhu:Shiqiang Yang	How do social groups, such as Facebook groups and Wechat groups, dynamically evolve over time? How do people join the social groups, uniformly or with burst? What is the pattern of people quitting from groups? Is there a simple universal model to depict the come-and-go patterns of various groups? In this paper, we examine temporal evolution patterns of more than 100 thousands social groups with more than 10 million users. We surprisingly find that the evolution patterns of real social groups goes far beyond the classic dynamic models like SI and SIR. For example, we observe both diffusion and non-diffusion mechanism in the group joining process, and power-law decay in group quitting process, rather than exponential decay as expected in SIR model. Therefore we propose a new model comeNgo, a concise yet flexible dynamic model for group evolution. Our model has the following advantages: (a) unification power: it generalizes earlier theoretical models and different joining and quitting mechanisms we find from observation. (b) succinctness and interpretability: it contains only six parameters with clear physical meanings. (c) accuracy: it can capture various kinds of group evolution patterns preciously and the goodness of fit increase by 58% over baseline. (d) usefulness: it can be used in multiple application scenarios such as forecasting and pattern discovery.	Come-and-Go Patterns of Group Evolution: A Dynamic Model	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Yizhou Zhang:Yun Xiong:Xiangnan Kong:Yangyong Zhu	Collective inference has attracted considerable attention in the last decade, where the response variables within a group of instances are correlated and should be inferred collectively, instead of independently. Previous works on collective inference mainly focus on exploiting the autocorrelation among instances in a static network during the inference process. There are also approaches on time series prediction, which mainly exploit the autocorrelation within an instance at different time points during the inference process. However, in many real-world applications, the response variables of related instances can co-evolve over time and their evolutions are not following a static correlation across time, but are following an internal life cycle. In this paper, we study the problem of collective evolution inference, where the goal is to predict the values of the response variables for a group of related instances at the end of their life cycles. This problem is extremely important for various applications, e.g., predicting fund-raising results in crowd-funding and predicting gene-expression levels in bioinformatics. This problem is also highly challenging because different instances in the network can co-evolve over time and they can be at different stages of their life cycles and thus have different evolving patterns. Moreover, the instances in collective evolution inference problems are usually connected through heterogeneous information networks, which involve complex relationships among the instances interconnected by multiple types of links. We propose an approach, called NetCycle, by incorporating information from both the correlation among related instances and their life cycles. We compared our approach with existing methods of collective inference and time series analysis on two real-world networks. The results demonstrate that our proposed approach can improve the inference performance by considering the autocorrelation through networks and the life cycles of the instances.	NetCycle: Collective Evolution Inference in Heterogeneous Information Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Shuo Zhou:Nguyen Xuan Vinh:James Bailey:Yunzhe Jia:Ian Davidson	Tensors are a natural representation for multidimensional data. In recent years, CANDECOMP/PARAFAC (CP) decomposition, one of the most popular tools for analyzing multi-way data, has been extensively studied and widely applied. However, today's datasets are often dynamically changing over time. Tracking the CP decomposition for such dynamic tensors is a crucial but challenging task, due to the large scale of the tensor and the velocity of new data arriving. Traditional techniques, such as Alternating Least Squares (ALS), cannot be directly applied to this problem because of their poor scalability in terms of time and memory. Additionally, existing online approaches have only partially addressed this problem and can only be deployed on third-order tensors. To fill this gap, we propose an efficient online algorithm that can incrementally track the CP decompositions of dynamic tensors with an arbitrary number of dimensions. In terms of effectiveness, our algorithm demonstrates comparable results with the most accurate algorithm, ALS, whilst being computationally much more efficient. Specifically, on small and moderate datasets, our approach is tens to hundreds of times faster than ALS, while for large-scale datasets, the speedup can be more than 3,000 times. Compared to other state-of-the-art online approaches, our method shows not only significantly better decomposition quality, but also better performance in terms of stability, efficiency and scalability.	Accelerating Online CP Decompositions for Higher Order Tensors	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Miguel Angel Alcobendas Lisbona:Sheide Chammas:Kuang-chih Lee	We consider optimal reserve prices in BrightRoll Video Exchange when the inventory opportunity comes from other exchanges (downstream marketplaces). We show that the existence of downstream auctions impacts the optimal floor. Moreover, it renders the classical derivation of the floor set by a monopolist inadequate and suboptimal. We derive the new downstream-corrected reserve price and compare its performance with respect to existing floors and the classical optimal monopoly price. In our application, the downstream-corrected reserve price proves superior to both. The proposed model also deals with data challenges commonly faced by exchanges: limited number of logged bids in an auction, and uncertainty regarding the bidding behavior in other exchanges. The relevance of this study transcends its particular context and is applicable to a wide range of scenarios where sequential auctions exist, and where marketplaces interact with each other.	Optimal Reserve Prices in Upstream Auctions: Empirical Application on Online Video Advertising	NA:NA:NA	2016
Rodrigo Augusto da Silva Alves:Renato Martins Assuncao:Pedro Olmo Stancioli Vaz de Melo	The problem to accurately and parsimoniously characterize random series of events (RSEs) seen in the Web, such as Yelp reviews or Twitter hashtags, is not trivial. Reports found in the literature reveal two apparent conflicting visions of how RSEs should be modeled. From one side, the Poissonian processes, of which consecutive events follow each other at a relatively regular time and should not be correlated. On the other side, the self-exciting processes, which are able to generate bursts of correlated events. The existence of many and sometimes conflicting approaches to model RSEs is a consequence of the unpredictability of the aggregated dynamics of our individual and routine activities, which sometimes show simple patterns, but sometimes results in irregular rising and falling trends. In this paper we propose a parsimonious way to characterize general RSEs, namely the Burstiness Scale (BuSca) model. BuSca views each RSE as a mix of two independent process: a Poissonian and a self-exciting one. Here we describe a fast method to extract the two parameters of BuSca that, together, gives the burstiness scale Ïˆ, which represents how much of the RSE is due to bursty and viral effects. We validated our method in eight diverse and large datasets containing real random series of events seen in Twitter, Yelp, e-mail conversations, Digg, and online forums. Results showed that, even using only two parameters, BuSca is able to accurately describe RSEs seen in these diverse systems, what can leverage many applications.	Burstiness Scale: A Parsimonious Model for Characterizing Random Series of Events	NA:NA:NA	2016
Prithu Banerjee:Pranali Yawalkar:Sayan Ranu	In this paper, we study the problem of mining temporally anomalous sub-trajectory patterns from an input trajectory in a scalable manner. Given the prevailing road conditions, a sub-trajectory is temporally anomalous if its travel time deviates significantly from the expected time. Mining these patterns requires us to delve into the sub-trajectory space, which is not scalable for real-time analytics. To overcome this scalability challenge, we design a technique called MANTRA. We study the properties unique to anomalous sub-trajectories and utilize them in MANTRA to iteratively refine the search space into a disjoint set of sub-trajectory islands. The expensive enumeration of all possible sub-trajectories is performed only on the islands to compute the answer set of maximal anomalous sub-trajectories. Extensive experiments on both real and synthetic datasets establish MANTRA as more than 3 orders of magnitude faster than baseline techniques. Moreover, through trajectory classification and segmentation, we demonstrate that the proposed model conforms to human intuition.	MANTRA: A Scalable Approach to Mining Temporally Anomalous Sub-trajectories	NA:NA:NA	2016
Yanan Bao:Huasen Wu:Xin Liu	Machine learning methods have been widely used in modeling and predicting network user experience. In this paper, moving beyond user experience prediction, we propose a closed-loop approach that uses data-generated prediction models to explicitly guide resource allocation for user experience improvement. The closed-loop approach leverages and verifies the causal relation that often exists between certain feature values (e.g., bandwidth) and user experience in computer networks. The approach consists of three components: we train a neural network classifier to predict user experience, utilize the trained neural network classifier as the objective function to allocate network resource, and then evaluate user experience with allocated resource to (in)validate and adjust the original model. Specifically, we propose a dual decomposition algorithm to solve the neural network-based resource optimization problem, which is complex and non-convex. We further develop an iterative mechanism for classifier optimization. Numerical results show that the dual algorithm reduces the expected number of unsatisfied users by up to 2x compared with the baseline, and the optimized classifier further improves the performance by 50%.	From Prediction to Action: A Closed-Loop Approach for Data-Guided Network Resource Allocation	NA:NA:NA	2016
Giorgos Borboudakis:Ioannis Tsamardinos	Causal discovery algorithms can induce some of the causal relations from the data, commonly in the form of a causal network such as a causal Bayesian network. Arguably however, all such algorithms lack far behind what is necessary for a true business application. We develop an initial version of a new, general causal discovery algorithm called ETIO with many features suitable for business applications. These include (a) ability to accept prior causal knowledge (e.g., taking senior driving courses improves driving skills), (b) admitting the presence of latent confounding factors, (c) admitting the possibility of (a certain type of) selection bias in the data (e.g., clients sampled mostly from a given region), (d) ability to analyze data with missing-by-design (i.e., not planned to measure) values (e.g., if two companies merge and their databases measure different attributes), and (e) ability to analyze data from different interventions (e.g., prior and posterior to an advertisement campaign). ETIO is an instance of the logical approach to integrative causal discovery that has been relatively recently introduced and enables the solution of complex reverse-engineering problems in causal discovery. ETIO is compared against the state-of-the-art and is shown to be more effective in terms of speed, with only a slight degradation in terms of learning accuracy, while incorporating all the features above. The code is available on the mensxmachina.org website.	Towards Robust and Versatile Causal Discovery for Business Applications	NA:NA	2016
Yue Cao:Mingsheng Long:Jianmin Wang:Qiang Yang:Philip S. Yu	Due to the storage and retrieval efficiency, hashing has been widely applied to approximate nearest neighbor search for large-scale multimedia retrieval. Cross-modal hashing, which enables efficient retrieval of images in response to text queries or vice versa, has received increasing attention recently. Most existing work on cross-modal hashing does not capture the spatial dependency of images and temporal dynamics of text sentences for learning powerful feature representations and cross-modal embeddings that mitigate the heterogeneity of different modalities. This paper presents a new Deep Visual-Semantic Hashing (DVSH) model that generates compact hash codes of images and sentences in an end-to-end deep learning architecture, which capture the intrinsic cross-modal correspondences between visual data and natural language. DVSH is a hybrid deep architecture that constitutes a visual-semantic fusion network for learning joint embedding space of images and text sentences, and two modality-specific hashing networks for learning hash functions to generate compact binary codes. Our architecture effectively unifies joint multimodal embedding and cross-modal hashing, which is based on a novel combination of Convolutional Neural Networks over images, Recurrent Neural Networks over sentences, and a structured max-margin objective that integrates all things together to enable learning of similarity-preserving and high-quality hash codes. Extensive empirical evidence shows that our DVSH approach yields state of the art results in cross-modal retrieval experiments on image-sentences datasets, i.e. standard IAPR TC-12 and large-scale Microsoft COCO.	Deep Visual-Semantic Hashing for Cross-Modal Retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Sunandan Chakraborty:Ashwin Venkataraman:Srikanth Jagabathula:Lakshminarayanan Subramanian	Many socio-economic indicators are sensitive to real-world events. Proper characterization of the events can help to identify the relevant events that drive fluctuations in these indicators. In this paper, we propose a novel generative model of real-world events and employ it to extract events from a large corpus of news articles. We introduce the notion of an event class, which is an abstract grouping of similarly themed events. These event classes are manifested in news articles in the form of event triggers which are specific words that describe the actions or incidents reported in any article. We use the extracted events to predict fluctuations in different socio-economic indicators. Specifically, we focus on food prices and predict the price of 12 different crops based on real-world events that potentially influence food price volatility, such as transport strikes, festivals etc. Our experiments demonstrate that incorporating event information in the prediction tasks reduces the root mean square error (RMSE) of prediction by 22% compared to the standard ARIMA model. We also predict sudden increases in the food prices (i.e. spikes) using events as features, and achieve an average 5-10% increase in accuracy compared to baseline models, including an LDA topic-model based predictive model.	Predicting Socio-Economic Indicators using News Events	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Chen Chen:Cewu Lu:Qixing Huang:Qiang Yang:Dimitrios Gunopulos:Leonidas Guibas	Applications such as autonomous driving or real-time route recommendations require up-to-date and accurate digital maps. However, manually creating and updating such maps is too costly to meet the rising demands. As large collections of GPS trajectories become widely available, constructing and updating maps using such trajectory collections can greatly reduce the cost of such maps. Unfortunately, due to GPS noise and varying trajectory sampling rates, inferring maps from GPS trajectories can be very challenging. In this paper, we present a framework to create up-to-date maps with rich knowledge from GPS trajectory collections. Starting from an unstructured GPS point cloud, we discover road segments using novel graph-based clustering techniques with prior knowledge on road design. Based on road segments, we develop a scale- and orientation-invariant traj-SIFT feature to localize and recognize junctions using a supervised learning framework. Maps with rich knowledge are created based on discovered road segments and junctions. Compared to state-of-the-art methods, our approach can efficiently construct high-quality maps at city scales from large collections of GPS trajectories.	City-Scale Map Creation and Updating using GPS Collections	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Wenlin Chen:James Wilson:Stephen Tyree:Kilian Q. Weinberger:Yixin Chen	Convolutional neural networks (CNN) are increasingly used in many areas of computer vision. They are particularly attractive because of their ability to "absorb" great quantities of labeled data through millions of parameters. However, as model sizes increase, so do the storage and memory requirements of the classifiers, hindering many applications such as image and speech recognition on mobile phones and other devices. In this paper, we present a novel net- work architecture, Frequency-Sensitive Hashed Nets (FreshNets), which exploits inherent redundancy in both convolutional layers and fully-connected layers of a deep learning model, leading to dramatic savings in memory and storage consumption. Based on the key observation that the weights of learned convolutional filters are typically smooth and low-frequency, we first convert filter weights to the frequency domain with a discrete cosine transform (DCT) and use a low-cost hash function to randomly group frequency parameters into hash buckets. All parameters assigned the same hash bucket share a single value learned with standard back-propagation. To further reduce model size, we allocate fewer hash buckets to high-frequency components, which are generally less important. We evaluate FreshNets on eight data sets, and show that it leads to better compressed performance than several relevant baselines.	Compressing Convolutional Neural Networks in the Frequency Domain	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Wei-Lin Chiang:Mu-Chu Lee:Chih-Jen Lin	Dual coordinate descent method is one of the most effective approaches for large-scale linear classification. However, its sequential design makes the parallelization difficult. In this work, we target at the parallelization in a multi-core environment. After pointing out difficulties faced in some existing approaches, we propose a new framework to parallelize the dual coordinate descent method. The key idea is to make the majority of all operations (gradient calculation here) parallelizable. The proposed framework is shown to be theoretically sound. Further, we demonstrate through experiments that the new framework is robust and efficient in a multi-core environment.	Parallel Dual Coordinate Descent Method for Large-scale Linear Classification in Multi-core Environments	NA:NA:NA	2016
Edward Choi:Mohammad Taha Bahadori:Elizabeth Searles:Catherine Coffey:Michael Thompson:James Bost:Javier Tejedor-Sojo:Jimeng Sun	Proper representations of medical concepts such as diagnosis, medication, procedure codes and visits from Electronic Health Records (EHR) has broad applications in healthcare analytics. Patient EHR data consists of a sequence of visits over time, where each visit includes multiple medical concepts, e.g., diagnosis, procedure, and medication codes. This hierarchical structure provides two types of relational information, namely sequential order of visits and co-occurrence of the codes within a visit. In this work, we propose Med2Vec, which not only learns the representations for both medical codes and visits from large EHR datasets with over million visits, but also allows us to interpret the learned representations confirmed positively by clinical experts. In the experiments, Med2Vec shows significant improvement in prediction accuracy in clinical applications compared to baselines such as Skip-gram, GloVe, and stacked autoencoder, while providing clinically meaningful interpretation.	Multi-layer Representation Learning for Medical Concepts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Lingyang Chu:Zhefeng Wang:Jian Pei:Jiannan Wang:Zijin Zhao:Enhong Chen	Given a signed network where edges are weighted in real number, and positive weights indicate cohesion between vertices and negative weights indicate opposition, we are interested in finding k-Oppositive Cohesive Groups (k-OCG). Each k-OCG is a group of k subgraphs such that (1) the edges within each subgraph are dense and cohesive; and (2) the edges crossing different subgraphs are dense and oppositive. Finding k-OCGs is challenging since the subgraphs are often small, there are multiple k-OCGs in a large signed network, and many existing dense subgraph extraction methods cannot handle edges of two signs. We model k-OCG finding task as a quadratic optimization problem. However, the classical Proximal Gradient method is very costly since it has to use the entire adjacency matrix, which is huge on large networks. Thus, we develop FOCG, an algorithm that is two orders of magnitudes faster than the Proximal Gradient method. The main idea is to only search in small subgraphs and thus avoids using a major portion of the adjacency matrix. Our experimental results on synthetic and real data sets as well as a case study clearly demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our method.	Finding Gangs in War from Signed Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Mustafa Coskun:Ananth Grama:Mehmet Koyuturk	Network proximity is at the heart of a large class of network analytics and information retrieval techniques, including node/ edge rankings, network alignment, and randomwalk based proximity queries, among many others. Owing to its importance, significant effort has been devoted to accelerating iterative processes underlying network proximity computations. These techniques rely on numerical properties of power iterations, as well as structural properties of the networks to reduce the run time of iterative algorithms. In this paper, we present an alternate approach to acceleration of network proximity queries using Chebyshev polynomials. We show that our approach, called CHOPPER, yields asymptotically faster convergence in theory, and significantly reduced convergence times in practice. We also show that other existing acceleration techniques can be used in conjunction with Chopper to further reduce runtime. Using a number of large real-world networks, and top-k proximity queries as the benchmark problem, we show that CHOPPER outperforms existing methods for wide ranges of parameter values. CHOPPER is implemented in Matlab and is freely available at http://compbio.case.edu/chopper/.	Efficient Processing of Network Proximity Queries via Chebyshev Acceleration	NA:NA:NA	2016
Dingxiong Deng:Cyrus Shahabi:Ugur Demiryurek:Linhong Zhu:Rose Yu:Yan Liu	Real-time traffic prediction from high-fidelity spatiotemporal traffic sensor datasets is an important problem for intelligent transportation systems and sustainability. However, it is challenging due to the complex topological dependencies and high dynamism associated with changing road conditions. In this paper, we propose a Latent Space Model for Road Networks (LSM-RN) to address these challenges holistically. In particular, given a series of road network snapshots, we learn the attributes of vertices in latent spaces which capture both topological and temporal properties. As these latent attributes are time-dependent, they can estimate how traffic patterns form and evolve. In addition, we present an incremental online algorithm which sequentially and adaptively learns the latent attributes from the temporal graph changes. Our framework enables real-time traffic prediction by 1) exploiting real-time sensor readings to adjust/update the existing latent spaces, and 2) training as data arrives and making predictions on-the-fly. By conducting extensive experiments with a large volume of real-world traffic sensor data, we demonstrate the superiority of our framework for real-time traffic prediction on large road networks over competitors as well as baseline graph-based LSM's.	Latent Space Model for Road Networks to Predict Time-Varying Traffic	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Laxman Dhulipala:Igor Kabiljo:Brian Karrer:Giuseppe Ottaviano:Sergey Pupyrev:Alon Shalita	Graph reordering is a powerful technique to increase the locality of the representations of graphs, which can be helpful in several applications. We study how the technique can be used to improve compression of graphs and inverted indexes. We extend the recent theoretical model of Chierichetti et al. (KDD 2009) for graph compression, and show how it can be employed for compression-friendly reordering of social networks and web graphs and for assigning document identifiers in inverted indexes. We design and implement a novel theoretically sound reordering algorithm that is based on recursive graph bisection. Our experiments show a significant improvement of the compression rate of graph and indexes over existing heuristics. The new method is relatively simple and allows efficient parallel and distributed implementations, which is demonstrated on graphs with billions of vertices and hundreds of billions of edges.	Compressing Graphs and Indexes with Recursive Graph Bisection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Denis Moreira dos Reis:Peter Flach:Stan Matwin:Gustavo Batista	Data stream research has grown rapidly over the last decade. Two major features distinguish data stream from batch learning: stream data are generated on the fly, possibly in a fast and variable rate; and the underlying data distribution can be non-stationary, leading to a phenomenon known as concept drift. Therefore, most of the research on data stream classification focuses on proposing efficient models that can adapt to concept drifts and maintain a stable performance over time. However, specifically for the classification task, the majority of such methods rely on the instantaneous availability of true labels for all already classified instances. This is a strong assumption that is rarely fulfilled in practical applications. Hence there is a clear need for efficient methods that can detect concept drifts in an unsupervised way. One possibility is the well-known Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, a statistical hypothesis test that checks whether two samples differ. This work has two main contributions. The first one is the Incremental Kolmogorov-Smirnov algorithm that allows performing the Kolmogorov-Smirnov hypothesis test instantly using two samples that change over time, where the change is an insertion and/or removal of an observation. Our algorithm employs a randomized tree and is able to perform the insertion and removal operations in O(log N) with high probability and calculate the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test in O(1), where N is the number of sample observations. This is a significant speed-up compared to the O(N log N) cost of the non-incremental implementation. The second contribution is the use of the Incremental Kolmogorov-Smirnov test to detect concept drifts without true labels. Classification algorithms adapted to use the test rely on a limited portion of those labels just to update the classification model after a concept drift is detected.	Fast Unsupervised Online Drift Detection Using Incremental Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Nan Du:Hanjun Dai:Rakshit Trivedi:Utkarsh Upadhyay:Manuel Gomez-Rodriguez:Le Song	Large volumes of event data are becoming increasingly available in a wide variety of applications, such as healthcare analytics, smart cities and social network analysis. The precise time interval or the exact distance between two events carries a great deal of information about the dynamics of the underlying systems. These characteristics make such data fundamentally different from independently and identically distributed data and time-series data where time and space are treated as indexes rather than random variables. Marked temporal point processes are the mathematical framework for modeling event data with covariates. However, typical point process models often make strong assumptions about the generative processes of the event data, which may or may not reflect the reality, and the specifically fixed parametric assumptions also have restricted the expressive power of the respective processes. Can we obtain a more expressive model of marked temporal point processes? How can we learn such a model from massive data? In this paper, we propose the Recurrent Marked Temporal Point Process (RMTPP) to simultaneously model the event timings and the markers. The key idea of our approach is to view the intensity function of a temporal point process as a nonlinear function of the history, and use a recurrent neural network to automatically learn a representation of influences from the event history. We develop an efficient stochastic gradient algorithm for learning the model parameters which can readily scale up to millions of events. Using both synthetic and real world datasets, we show that, in the case where the true models have parametric specifications, RMTPP can learn the dynamics of such models without the need to know the actual parametric forms; and in the case where the true models are unknown, RMTPP can also learn the dynamics and achieve better predictive performance than other parametric alternatives based on particular prior assumptions.	Recurrent Marked Temporal Point Processes: Embedding Event History to Vector	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Geli Fei:Shuai Wang:Bing Liu	In classic supervised learning, a learning algorithm takes a fixed training data of several classes to build a classifier. In this paper, we propose to study a new problem, i.e., building a learning system that learns cumulatively. As time goes by, the system sees and learns more and more classes of data and becomes more and more knowledgeable. We believe that this is similar to human learning. We humans learn continuously, retaining the learned knowledge, identifying and learning new things, and updating the existing knowledge with new experiences. Over time, we cumulate more and more knowledge. A learning system should be able to do the same. As algorithmic learning matures, it is time to tackle this cumulative machine learning (or simply cumulative learning) problem, which is a kind of lifelong machine learning problem. It presents two major challenges. First, the system must be able to detect data from unseen classes in the test set. Classic supervised learning, however, assumes all classes in testing are known or seen at the training time. Second, the system needs to be able to selectively update its models whenever a new class of data arrives without re-training the whole system using the entire past and present training data. This paper proposes a novel approach and system to tackle these challenges. Experimental results on two datasets with learning from 2 classes to up to 100 classes show that the proposed approach is highly promising in terms of both classification accuracy and computational efficiency.	Learning Cumulatively to Become More Knowledgeable	NA:NA:NA	2016
Yihan Gao:Aditya Parameswaran	Relational datasets are being generated at an alarmingly rapid rate across organizations and industries. Compressing these datasets could significantly reduce storage and archival costs. Traditional compression algorithms, e.g., gzip, are suboptimal for compressing relational datasets since they ignore the table structure and relationships between attributes. We study compression algorithms that leverage the relational structure to compress datasets to a much greater extent. We develop Squish, a system that uses a combination of Bayesian Networks and Arithmetic Coding to capture multiple kinds of dependencies among attributes and achieve near-entropy compression rate. Squish also supports user-defined attributes: users can instantiate new data types by simply implementing five functions for a new class interface. We prove the asymptotic optimality of our compression algorithm and conduct experiments to show the effectiveness of our system: Squish achieves a reduction of over 50% in storage size relative to systems developed in prior work on a variety of real datasets.	Squish: Near-Optimal Compression for Archival of Relational Datasets	NA:NA	2016
Lei Han:Yu Zhang:Tong Zhang	The maximum likelihood estimation (MLE) for the Gaussian graphical model, which is also known as the inverse covariance estimation problem, has gained increasing interest recently. Most existing works assume that inverse covariance estimators contain sparse structure and then construct models with the l 1 regularization. In this paper, different from existing works, we study the inverse covariance estimation problem from another perspective by efficiently modeling the low-rank structure in the inverse covariance, which is assumed to be a combination of a low-rank part and a diagonal matrix. One motivation for this assumption is that the low-rank structure is common in many applications including the climate and financial analysis, and another one is that such assumption can reduce the computational complexity when computing its inverse. Specifically, we propose an efficient COmponent Pursuit (COP) method to obtain the low-rank part, where each component can be sparse. For optimization, the COP method greedily learns a rank-one component in each iteration by maximizing the log-likelihood. Moreover, the COP algorithm enjoys several appealing properties including the existence of an efficient solution in each iteration and the theoretical guarantee on the convergence of this greedy approach. Experiments on large-scale synthetic and real-world datasets including thousands of millions variables show that the COP method is faster than the state-of-the-art techniques for the inverse covariance estimation problem when achieving comparable log-likelihood on test data.	Fast Component Pursuit for Large-Scale Inverse Covariance Estimation	NA:NA:NA	2016
Zhipeng Huang:Yudian Zheng:Reynold Cheng:Yizhou Sun:Nikos Mamoulis:Xiang Li	A heterogeneous information network (HIN) is a graph model in which objects and edges are annotated with types. Large and complex databases, such as YAGO and DBLP, can be modeled as HINs. A fundamental problem in HINs is the computation of closeness, or relevance, between two HIN objects. Relevance measures can be used in various applications, including entity resolution, recommendation, and information retrieval. Several studies have investigated the use of HIN information for relevance computation, however, most of them only utilize simple structure, such as path, to measure the similarity between objects. In this paper, we propose to use meta structure, which is a directed acyclic graph of object types with edge types connecting in between, to measure the proximity between objects. The strength of meta structure is that it can describe complex relationship between two HIN objects (e.g., two papers in DBLP share the same authors and topics). We develop three relevance measures based on meta structure. Due to the computational complexity of these measures, we further design an algorithm with data structures proposed to support their evaluation. Our extensive experiments on YAGO and DBLP show that meta structure-based relevance is more effective than state-of-the-art approaches, and can be efficiently computed.	Meta Structure: Computing Relevance in Large Heterogeneous Information Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Zhouyuan Huo:Feiping Nie:Heng Huang	Metric learning aims at automatically learning a metric from pair or triplet based constraints in data, and it can be potentially beneficial whenever the notion of metric between instances plays a nontrivial role. In Mahalanobis distance metric learning, distance matrix M is in symmetric positive semi-definite cone, and in order to avoid overfitting and to learn a better Mahalanobis distance from weakly supervised constraints, the low-rank regularization has been often imposed on matrix M to learn the correlations between features and samples. As the approximations of the rank minimization function, the trace norm and Fantope have been utilized to regularize the metric learning objectives and achieve good performance. However, these low-rank regularization models are either not tight enough to approximate rank minimization or time-consuming to tune an optimal rank. In this paper, we introduce a novel metric learning model using the capped trace norm based regularization, which uses a singular value threshold to constraint the metric matrix M as low-rank explicitly such that the rank of matrix M is stable when the large singular values vary. The capped trace norm regularization can also be viewed as the adaptive Fantope regularization. We minimize singular values which are less than threshold value and the rank of M is not necessary to be k, thus our method is more stable and applicable in practice when we do not know the optimal rank of matrix M. We derive an efficient optimization algorithm to solve the proposed new model and the algorithm convergence proof is also provided in this paper. We evaluate our method on a variety of challenging benchmarks, such as LFW and Pubfig datasets. Face verification experiments are performed and results show that our method consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art metric learning algorithms.	Robust and Effective Metric Learning Using Capped Trace Norm: Metric Learning via Capped Trace Norm	NA:NA:NA	2016
Bo Kang:Jefrey Lijffijt:RaÃºl Santos-RodrÃ­guez:Tijl De Bie	Methods that find insightful low-dimensional projections are essential to effectively explore high-dimensional data. Principal Component Analysis is used pervasively to find low-dimensional projections, not only because it is straightforward to use, but it is also often effective, because the variance in data is often dominated by relevant structure. However, even if the projections highlight real structure in the data, not all structure is interesting to every user. If a user is already aware of, or not interested in the dominant structure, Principal Component Analysis is less effective for finding interesting components. We introduce a new method called Subjectively Interesting Component Analysis (SICA), designed to find data projections that are subjectively interesting, i.e, projections that truly surprise the end-user. It is rooted in information theory and employs an explicit model of a user's prior expectations about the data. The corresponding optimization problem is a simple eigenvalue problem, and the result is a trade-off between explained variance and novelty. We present five case studies on synthetic data, images, time-series, and spatial data, to illustrate how SICA enables users to find (subjectively) interesting projections.	Subjectively Interesting Component Analysis: Data Projections that Contrast with Prior Expectations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Purushottam Kar:Shuai Li:Harikrishna Narasimhan:Sanjay Chawla:Fabrizio Sebastiani	The estimation of class prevalence, i.e., of the fraction of a population that belongs to a certain class, is an important task in data analytics, and finds applications in many domains such as the social sciences, market research, epidemiology, and others. For example, in sentiment analysis the goal is often not to estimate whether a specific text conveys a positive or a negative sentiment, but rather to estimate the overall distribution of positive and negative sentiments, e.g., in a certain time frame. A popular way of performing the above task, often dubbed quantification, is to use supervised learning in order to train a prevalence estimator from labeled data. In the literature there are several performance metrics for measuring the success of such prevalence estimators. In this paper we propose the first online stochastic algorithms for directly optimizing these quantification-specific performance measures. We also provide algorithms that optimize hybrid performance measures that seek to balance quantification and classification performance. Our algorithms present a significant advancement in the theory of multivariate optimization; we show, via a rigorous theoretical analysis, that they exhibit optimal convergence. We also report extensive experiments on benchmark and real data sets which demonstrate that our methods significantly outperform existing optimization techniques used for these performance measures.	Online Optimization Methods for the Quantification Problem	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Mohammad Reza Karimi:Erfan Tavakoli:Mehrdad Farajtabar:Le Song:Manuel Gomez Rodriguez	Many users in online social networks are constantly trying to gain attention from their followers by broadcasting posts to them. These broadcasters are likely to gain greater attention if their posts can remain visible for a longer period of time among their followers' most recent feeds. Then when to post? In this paper, we study the problem of smart broadcasting using the framework of temporal point processes, where we model users feeds and posts as discrete events occurring in continuous time. Based on such continuous-time model, then choosing a broadcasting strategy for a user becomes a problem of designing the conditional intensity of her posting events. We derive a novel formula which links this conditional intensity with the visibility of the user in her followers' feeds. Furthermore, by exploiting this formula, we develop an efficient convex optimization framework for the when-to-post problem. Our method can find broadcasting strategies that reach a desired visibility level with provable guarantees. We experimented with data gathered from Twitter, and show that our framework can consistently make broadcasters' post more visible than alternatives.	Smart Broadcasting: Do You Want to be Seen?	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Joon Hee Kim:Amin Mantrach:Alejandro Jaimes:Alice Oh	Headlines are particularly important for online news outlets where there are many similar news stories competing for users' attention. Traditionally, journalists have followed rules-of-thumb and experience to master the art of crafting catchy headlines, but with the valuable resource of large-scale click-through data of online news articles, we can apply quantitative analysis and text mining techniques to acquire an in-depth understanding of headlines. In this paper, we conduct a large-scale analysis and modeling of 150K news articles published over a period of four months on the Yahoo home page. We define a simple method to measure click-value of individual words, and analyze how temporal trends and linguistic attributes affect click-through rate (CTR). We then propose a novel generative model, headline click-based topic model (HCTM), that extends latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) to reveal the effect of topical context on the click-value of words in headlines. HCTM leverages clicks in aggregate on previously published headlines to identify words for headlines that will generate more clicks in the future. We show that by jointly taking topics and clicks into account we can detect changes in user interests within topics. We evaluate HCTM in two different experimental settings and compare its performance with ALDA (adapted LDA), LDA, and TextRank. The first task, full headline, is to retrieve full headline used for a news article given the body of news article. The second task, good headline, is to specifically identify words in the headline that have high click values for current news audience. For full headline task, our model performs on par with ALDA, a state-of-the art web-page summarization method that utilizes click-through information. For good headline task, which is of more practical importance to both individual journalists and online news outlets, our model significantly outperforms all other comparative methods.	How to Compete Online for News Audience: Modeling Words that Attract Clicks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Erich Kummerfeld:Joseph Ramsey	Many scientific research programs aim to learn the causal structure of real world phenomena. This learning problem is made more difficult when the target of study cannot be directly observed. One strategy commonly used by social scientists is to create measurable ``indicator'' variables that covary with the latent variables of interest. Before leveraging the indicator variables to learn about the latent variables, however, one needs a measurement model of the causal relations between the indicators and their corresponding latents. These measurement models are a special class of Bayesian networks. This paper addresses the problem of reliably inferring measurement models from measured indicators, without prior knowledge of the causal relations or the number of latent variables. We present a provably correct novel algorithm, FindOneFactorClusters (FOFC), for solving this inference problem. Compared to other state of the art algorithms, FOFC is faster, scales to larger sets of indicators, and is more reliable at small sample sizes. We also present the first correctness proofs for this problem that do not assume linearity or acyclicity among the latent variables.	Causal Clustering for 1-Factor Measurement Models	NA:NA	2016
Igor Labutov:Frans Schalekamp:Kelvin Luu:Hod Lipson:Christoph Studer	Difficult multiple-choice (MC) questions can be made easy by providing a set of answer options of which most are obviously wrong. In the education literature, a plethora of instructional guides exist for crafting a suitable set of wrong choices (distractors) that enable the assessment of the students' understanding. The art of MC question design thus hinges on the question-maker's experience and knowledge of the potential misconceptions. In contrast, we advocate a data-driven approach, where correct and incorrect options are assembled directly from the students' own past submissions. Large-scale online classroom settings, such as massively open online courses (MOOCs), provide an opportunity to design optimal and adaptive multiple-choice questions that are maximally informative about the students' level of understanding of the material. In this work, we (i) develop a multinomial-logit discrete choice model for the setting of MC testing, (ii) derive an optimization objective for selecting optimally discriminative option sets, (iii) propose an algorithm for finding a globally-optimal solution, and (iv) demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach via synthetic experiments and a user study. We finally showcase an application of our approach to crowd-sourcing tests from technical online forums.	Optimally Discriminative Choice Sets in Discrete Choice Models: Application to Data-Driven Test Design	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Himabindu Lakkaraju:Stephen H. Bach:Jure Leskovec	One of the most important obstacles to deploying predictive models is the fact that humans do not understand and trust them. Knowing which variables are important in a model's prediction and how they are combined can be very powerful in helping people understand and trust automatic decision making systems. Here we propose interpretable decision sets, a framework for building predictive models that are highly accurate, yet also highly interpretable. Decision sets are sets of independent if-then rules. Because each rule can be applied independently, decision sets are simple, concise, and easily interpretable. We formalize decision set learning through an objective function that simultaneously optimizes accuracy and interpretability of the rules. In particular, our approach learns short, accurate, and non-overlapping rules that cover the whole feature space and pay attention to small but important classes. Moreover, we prove that our objective is a non-monotone submodular function, which we efficiently optimize to find a near-optimal set of rules. Experiments show that interpretable decision sets are as accurate at classification as state-of-the-art machine learning techniques. They are also three times smaller on average than rule-based models learned by other methods. Finally, results of a user study show that people are able to answer multiple-choice questions about the decision boundaries of interpretable decision sets and write descriptions of classes based on them faster and more accurately than with other rule-based models that were designed for interpretability. Overall, our framework provides a new approach to interpretable machine learning that balances accuracy, interpretability, and computational efficiency.	Interpretable Decision Sets: A Joint Framework for Description and Prediction	NA:NA:NA	2016
Arnon Lazerson:Daniel Keren:Assaf Schuster	As data becomes dynamic, large, and distributed, there is increasing demand for what have become known as distributed stream algorithms. Since continuously collecting the data to a central server and processing it there incurs very high communication and computation complexities, it is advantageous to define local conditions at the nodes, such that -- as long as they are maintained -- some desirable global condition holds. A generic algorithm which proved very useful for reducing communication in distributed streaming environments is geometric monitoring (GM). Alas, applying GM to many important tasks is computationally very demanding, as it requires solving a notoriously difficult problem -- computing the distance between a point and a surface, which is often very time-consuming even in low dimensions. Thus, while useful for reducing communication, GM often suffers from exceedingly heavy computational burden at the nodes, which renders it very problematic to apply, especially for ``thin'', battery-operated sensors, which are prevalent in numerous applications, including the ``Internet of Things'' paradigm. Here we propose a very different approach, designated CB (for Convex/Concave Bounds). CB is based on directly bounding the monitored function by suitably chosen convex and concave functions, that naturally enable monitoring distributed streams. These functions can be checked on the fly, yielding far simpler local conditions than those applied by GM. CB's superiority over GM is demonstrated in reducing computational complexity, by several orders of magnitude in some cases. As an added bonus, CB also reduced communication overhead in all application scenarios we tested.	Lightweight Monitoring of Distributed Streams	NA:NA:NA	2016
Benjamin Letham:Lydia M. Letham:Cynthia Rudin	When an item goes out of stock, sales transaction data no longer reflect the original customer demand, since some customers leave with no purchase while others substitute alternative products for the one that was out of stock. Here we develop a Bayesian hierarchical model for inferring the underlying customer arrival rate and choice model from sales transaction data and the corresponding stock levels. The model uses a nonhomogeneous Poisson process to allow the arrival rate to vary throughout the day, and allows for a variety of choice models. Model parameters are inferred using a stochastic gradient MCMC algorithm that can scale to large transaction databases. We fit the model to data from a local bakery and show that it is able to make accurate out-of-sample predictions, and to provide actionable insight into lost cookie sales.	Bayesian Inference of Arrival Rate and Substitution Behavior from Sales Transaction Data with Stockouts	NA:NA:NA	2016
Qingyang Li:Shuang Qiu:Shuiwang Ji:Paul M. Thompson:Jieping Ye:Jie Wang	Lasso regression is a widely used technique in data mining for model selection and feature extraction. In many applications, it remains challenging to apply the regression model to large-scale problems that have massive data samples with high-dimensional features. One popular and promising strategy is to solve the Lasso problem in parallel. Parallel solvers run multiple cores in parallel on a shared memory system to speedup the computation, while the practical usage is limited by the huge dimension in the feature space. Screening is a promising method to solve the problem of high dimensionality by discarding the inactive features and removing them from optimization. However, when integrating screening methods with parallel solvers, most of solvers cannot guarantee the convergence on the reduced feature matrix. In this paper, we propose a novel parallel framework by parallelizing screening methods and integrating it with our proposed parallel solver. We propose two parallel screening algorithms: Parallel Strong Rule (PSR) and Parallel Dual Polytope Projection (PDPP). For the parallel solver, we proposed an Asynchronous Grouped Coordinate Descent method (AGCD) to optimize the regression problem in parallel on the reduced feature matrix. AGCD is based on a grouped selection strategy to select the coordinate that has the maximum descent for the objective function in a group of candidates. Empirical studies on the real-world datasets demonstrate that the proposed parallel framework has a superior performance compared to the state-of-the-art parallel solvers.	Parallel Lasso Screening for Big Data Optimization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Yan Li:Jie Wang:Jieping Ye:Chandan K. Reddy	Predicting the occurrence of a particular event of interest at future time points is the primary goal of survival analysis. The presence of incomplete observations due to time limitations or loss of data traces is known as censoring which brings unique challenges in this domain and differentiates survival analysis from other standard regression methods. The popularly used survival analysis methods such as Cox proportional hazard model and parametric survival regression suffer from some strict assumptions and hypotheses that are not realistic in most of the real-world applications. To overcome the weaknesses of these two types of methods, in this paper, we reformulate the survival analysis problem as a multi-task learning problem and propose a new multi-task learning based formulation to predict the survival time by estimating the survival status at each time interval during the study duration. We propose an indicator matrix to enable the multi-task learning algorithm to handle censored instances and incorporate some of the important characteristics of survival problems such as non-negative non-increasing list structure into our model through max-heap projection. We employ the L2,1-norm penalty which enables the model to learn a shared representation across related tasks and hence select important features and alleviate over-fitting in high-dimensional feature spaces; thus, reducing the prediction error of each task. To efficiently handle the two non-smooth constraints, in this paper, we propose an optimization method which employs Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM) algorithm to solve the proposed multi-task learning problem. We demonstrate the performance of the proposed method using real-world microarray gene expression high-dimensional benchmark datasets and show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods.	A Multi-Task Learning Formulation for Survival Analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Yanni Li:Hui Li:Tihua Duan:Sheng Wang:Zhi Wang:Yang Cheng	Information in various applications is often expressed as character sequences over a finite alphabet (e.g., DNA or protein sequences). In Big Data era, the lengths and sizes of these sequences are growing explosively, leading to grand challenges for the classical NP-hard problem, namely searching for the Multiple Longest Common Subsequences (MLCS) from multiple sequences. In this paper, we first unveil the fact that the state-of-the-art MLCS algorithms are unable to be applied to long and large-scale sequences alignments. To overcome their defects and tackle the longer and large-scale or even big sequences alignments, based on the proposed novel problem-solving model and various strategies, e.g., parallel topological sorting, optimal calculating, reuse of intermediate results, subsection calculation and serialization, etc., we present a novel parallel MLCS algorithm. Exhaustive experiments on the datasets of both synthetic and real-world biological sequences demonstrate that both the time and space of the proposed algorithm are only linear in the number of dominants from aligned sequences, and the proposed algorithm significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art MLCS algorithms, being applicable to longer and large-scale sequences alignments.	A Real Linear and Parallel Multiple Longest Common Subsequences (MLCS) Algorithm	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Kaixiang Lin:Jianpeng Xu:Inci M. Baytas:Shuiwang Ji:Jiayu Zhou	One major limitation of linear models is the lack of capability to capture predictive information from interactions between features. While introducing high-order feature interaction terms can overcome this limitation, this approach tremendously increases the model complexity and imposes significant challenges in the learning against overfitting. In this paper, we proposed a novel Multi-Task feature Interaction Learning~(MTIL) framework to exploit the task relatedness from high-order feature interactions, which provides better generalization performance by inductive transfer among tasks via shared representations of feature interactions. We formulate two concrete approaches under this framework and provide efficient algorithms: the shared interaction approach and the embedded interaction approach. The former assumes tasks share the same set of interactions, and the latter assumes feature interactions from multiple tasks come from a shared subspace. We have provided efficient algorithms for solving the two approaches. Extensive empirical studies on both synthetic and real datasets have demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed framework.	Multi-Task Feature Interaction Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Hongfu Liu:Ming Shao:Sheng Li:Yun Fu	Image clustering has been a critical preprocessing step for vision tasks, e.g., visual concept discovery, content-based image retrieval. Conventional image clustering methods use handcraft visual descriptors as basic features via K-means, or build the graph within spectral clustering. Recently, representation learning with deep structure shows appealing performance in unsupervised feature pre-treatment. However, few studies have discussed how to deploy deep representation learning to image clustering problems, especially the unified framework which integrates both representation learning and ensemble clustering for efficient image clustering still remains void. In addition, even though it is widely recognized that with the increasing number of basic partitions, ensemble clustering gets better performance and lower variances, the best number of basic partitions for a given data set is a pending problem. In light of this, we propose the Infinite Ensemble Clustering (IEC), which incorporates the power of deep representation and ensemble clustering in a one-step framework to fuse infinite basic partitions. Generally speaking, a set of basic partitions is firstly generated from the image data, then by converting the basic partitions to the 1-of-K codings, we link the marginalized auto-encoder to the infinite ensemble clustering with i.i.d. basic partitions, which can be approached by the closed-form solutions, finally we follow the layer-wise training procedure and feed the concatenated deep features to K-means for final clustering. Extensive experiments on diverse vision data sets with different levels of visual descriptors demonstrate both the time efficiency and superior performance of IEC compared to the state-of-the-art ensemble clustering and deep clustering methods.	Infinite Ensemble for Image Clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Antonio Maccioni:Daniel J. Abadi	One of the most common operations on graph databases is graph pattern matching (e.g., graph isomorphism and more general types of "subgraph pattern matching"). In fact, in some graph query languages every single query is expressed as a graph matching operation. Consequently, there has been a significant amount of research effort in optimizing graph matching operations in graph database systems. As graph databases have scaled in recent years, so too has recent work on scaling graph matching operations. However, the performance of recent proposals for scaling graph pattern matching is limited by the presence of high-degree nodes. These high-degree nodes result in an explosion of intermediate result sizes during query execution, and therefore significant performance bottlenecks. In this paper we present a dedensification technique that losslessly compresses the neighborhood around high-degree nodes. Furthermore, we introduce a query processing technique that enables direct operation of graph query processing operations over the compressed data, without ever having to decompress the data. For pattern matching operations, we show how this technique can be implemented as a layer above existing graph database systems, so that the end-user can benefit from this technique without requiring modifications to the core graph database engine code. Our technique reduces the size of the intermediate result sets during query processing, and thereby improves query performance.	Scalable Pattern Matching over Compressed Graphs via Dedensification	NA:NA	2016
Ahmad Mahmoody:Charalampos E. Tsourakakis:Eli Upfal	Betweenness centrality (BWC) is a fundamental centrality measure in social network analysis. Given a large-scale network, how can we find the most central nodes? This question is of great importance to many key applications that rely on BWC, including community detection and understanding graph vulnerability. Despite the large amount of work on scalable approximation algorithm design for BWC, estimating BWC on large-scale networks remains a computational challenge. In this paper, we study the Centrality Maximization problem (CMP): given a graph G = (V,E) and a positive integer k, find a set S* âŠ† V that maximizes BWC subject to the cardinality constraint |S*| â‰¤ k. We present an efficient randomized algorithm that provides a (1 -- 1/e -- Îµ)-approximation with high probability, where Îµ > 0. Our results improve the current state-of-the-art result [40]. Furthermore, we provide the first theoretical evidence for the validity of a crucial assumption in betweenness centrality estimation, namely that in real-world networks O(|V|2) shortest paths pass through the top-k central nodes, where k is a constant. This also explains why our algorithm runs in near linear time on real-world networks. We also show that our algorithm and analysis can be applied to a wider range of centrality measures, by providing a general analytical framework. On the experimental side, we perform an extensive experimental analysis of our method on real-world networks, demonstrate its accuracy and scalability, and study different properties of central nodes. Then, we compare the sampling method used by the state-of-the-art algorithm with our method. Furthermore, we perform a study of BWC in time evolving networks, and see how the centrality of the central nodes in the graphs changes over time. Finally, we compare the performance of the stochastic Kronecker model [28] to real data, and observe that it generates a similar growth pattern.	Scalable Betweenness Centrality Maximization via Sampling	NA:NA:NA	2016
Xin Mu:Feida Zhu:Ee-Peng Lim:Jing Xiao:Jianzong Wang:Zhi-Hua Zhou	User identity linkage across social platforms is an important problem of great research challenge and practical value. In real applications, the task often assumes an extra degree of difficulty by requiring linkage across multiple platforms. While pair-wise user linkage between two platforms, which has been the focus of most existing solutions, provides reasonably convincing linkage, the result depends by nature on the order of platform pairs in execution with no theoretical guarantee on its stability. In this paper, we explore a new concept of ``Latent User Space'' to more naturally model the relationship between the underlying real users and their observed projections onto the varied social platforms, such that the more similar the real users, the closer their profiles in the latent user space. We propose two effective algorithms, a batch model(ULink) and an online model(ULink-On), based on latent user space modelling. Two simple yet effective optimization methods are used for optimizing objective function: the first one based on the constrained concave-convex procedure(CCCP) and the second on accelerated proximal gradient. To our best knowledge, this is the first work to propose a unified framework to address the following two important aspects of the multi-platform user identity linkage problem --- (I) the platform multiplicity and (II) online data generation. We present experimental evaluations on real-world data sets for not only traditional pairwise-platform linkage but also multi-platform linkage. The results demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method over the state-of-the-art ones.	User Identity Linkage by Latent User Space Modelling	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Kazuya Nakagawa:Shinya Suzumura:Masayuki Karasuyama:Koji Tsuda:Ichiro Takeuchi	In this paper we study predictive pattern mining problems where the goal is to construct a predictive model based on a subset of predictive patterns in the database. Our main contribution is to introduce a novel method called safe pattern pruning (SPP) for a class of predictive pattern mining problems. The SPP method allows us to efficiently find a superset of all the predictive patterns in the database that are needed for the optimal predictive model. The advantage of the SPP method over existing boosting-type method is that the former can find the superset by a single search over the database, while the latter requires multiple searches. The SPP method is inspired by recent development of safe feature screening. In order to extend the idea of safe feature screening into predictive pattern mining, we derive a novel pruning rule called safe pattern pruning (SPP) rule that can be used for searching over the tree defined among patterns in the database. The SPP rule has a property that, if a node corresponding to a pattern in the database is pruned out by the SPP rule, then it is guaranteed that all the patterns corresponding to its descendant nodes are never needed for the optimal predictive model. We apply the SPP method to graph mining and item-set mining problems, and demonstrate its computational advantage.	Safe Pattern Pruning: An Efficient Approach for Predictive Pattern Mining	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Zhi Nie:Pinghua Gong:Jieping Ye	Depression is a serious mood disorder afflicting millions of people around the globe. Medications of different types and with different effects on neural activity have been developed for its treatments during the past few decades. Due to the heterogeneity of the disorder, many patients cannot achieve symptomatic remission from a single clinical trial. Instead they need multiple clinical trials to achieve remission, resulting in a multiple stage treatment pattern. Furthermore those who indeed achieve symptom remission are still faced with substantial risk of relapse. One promising approach to predicting the risk of relapse is censored regression. Traditional censored regression typically applies only to situations in which the exact time of event of interest is known. However, follow-up studies that track the patients' relapse status can only provide an interval of time during which relapse occurs. The exact time of relapse is usually unknown. In this paper, we present a censored regression approach with a truncated $l_1$ loss function that can handle the uncertainty of relapse time. Based on this general loss function, we develop a gradient boosting algorithm and a stochastic dual coordinate ascent algorithm when the hypothesis in the loss function is represented as (1) an ensemble of decision trees and (2) a linear combination of covariates, respectively. As an extension of our linear model, a multi-stage linear approach is further proposed to harness the data collected from multiple stages of treatment. We evaluate the proposed algorithms using a real-world clinical trial dataset. Results show that our methods outperform the well-known Cox proportional hazard model. In addition, the risk factors identified by our multi-stage linear model not only corroborate findings from recent research but also yield some new insights into how to develop effective measures for prevention of relapse among patients after their initial remission from the acute treatment stage.	Predict Risk of Relapse for Patients with Multiple Stages of Treatment of Depression	NA:NA:NA	2016
Adi Omari:Benny Kimelfeld:Eran Yahav:Sharon Shoham	A modern web page is often served by running layout code on data, producing an HTML document that enhances the data with front/back matters and layout/style operations. In this paper, we consider the opposite task: separating a given web page into a data component and a layout program. This separation has various important applications: page encoding may be significantly more compact (reducing web traffic), data representation is normalized across web designs (facilitating wrapping, retrieval and extraction), and repetitions are diminished (expediting site updates and redesign). We present a framework for defining the separation task, and devise an algorithm for synthesizing layout code from a web page while distilling its data in a lossless manner. The main idea is to synthesize layout code hierarchically for parts of the page, and use a combined program-data representation cost to decide whether to align intermediate programs. When intermediate programs are aligned, they are transformed into a single program, possibly with loops and conditionals. At the same time, differences between the aligned programs are captured by the data component such that executing the layout code on the data results in the original page. We have implemented our approach and conducted a thorough experimental study of its effectiveness. Our experiments show that our approach features state of the art (and higher) performance in both size compression and record extraction.	Lossless Separation of Web Pages into Layout Code and Data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Siddharth Reddy:Igor Labutov:Siddhartha Banerjee:Thorsten Joachims	In the study of human learning, there is broad evidence that our ability to retain information improves with repeated exposure and decays with delay since last exposure. This plays a crucial role in the design of educational software, leading to a trade-off between teaching new material and reviewing what has already been taught. A common way to balance this trade-off is spaced repetition, which uses periodic review of content to improve long-term retention. Though spaced repetition is widely used in practice, e.g., in electronic flashcard software, there is little formal understanding of the design of these systems. Our paper addresses this gap in three ways. First, we mine log data from spaced repetition software to establish the functional dependence of retention on reinforcement and delay. Second, we use this memory model to develop a stochastic model for spaced repetition systems. We propose a queueing network model of the Leitner system for reviewing flashcards, along with a heuristic approximation that admits a tractable optimization problem for review scheduling. Finally, we empirically evaluate our queueing model through a Mechanical Turk experiment, verifying a key qualitative prediction of our model: the existence of a sharp phase transition in learning outcomes upon increasing the rate of new item introductions.	Unbounded Human Learning: Optimal Scheduling for Spaced Repetition	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Xiang Ren:Wenqi He:Meng Qu:Clare R. Voss:Heng Ji:Jiawei Han	Current systems of fine-grained entity typing use distant supervision in conjunction with existing knowledge bases to assign categories (type labels) to entity mentions. However, the type labels so obtained from knowledge bases are often noisy (i.e., incorrect for the entity mention's local context). We define a new task, Label Noise Reduction in Entity Typing (LNR), to be the automatic identification of correct type labels (type-paths) for training examples, given the set of candidate type labels obtained by distant supervision with a given type hierarchy. The unknown type labels for individual entity mentions and the semantic similarity between entity types pose unique challenges for solving the LNR task. We propose a general framework, called PLE, to jointly embed entity mentions, text features and entity types into the same low-dimensional space where, in that space, objects whose types are semantically close have similar representations. Then we estimate the type-path for each training example in a top-down manner using the learned embeddings. We formulate a global objective for learning the embeddings from text corpora and knowledge bases, which adopts a novel margin-based loss that is robust to noisy labels and faithfully models type correlation derived from knowledge bases. Our experiments on three public typing datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of PLE, with an average of 25% improvement in accuracy compared to next best method.	Label Noise Reduction in Entity Typing by Heterogeneous Partial-Label Embedding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Polina Rozenshtein:Aristides Gionis:B. Aditya Prakash:Jilles Vreeken	We consider the problem of reconstructing an epidemic over time, or, more general, reconstructing the propagation of an activity in a network. Our input consists of a temporal network, which contains information about when two nodes interacted, and a sample of nodes that have been reported as infected. The goal is to recover the flow of the spread, including discovering the starting nodes, and identifying other likely-infected nodes that are not reported. The problem we consider has multiple applications, from public health to social media and viral marketing purposes. Previous work explicitly factor-in many unrealistic assumptions: it is assumed that (a) the underlying network does not change;(b) we have access to perfect noise-free data; or (c) we know the exact propagation model. In contrast, we avoid these simplifications: we take into account the temporal network, we require only a small sample of reported infections, and we do not make any restrictive assumptions about the propagation model. We develop CulT, a scalable and effective algorithm to reconstruct epidemics that is also suited for online settings. CulT works by formulating the problem as that of a temporal Steiner-tree computation, for which we design a fast algorithm leveraging the specific problem structure. We demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed approach through extensive experiments on diverse datasets.	Reconstructing an Epidemic Over Time	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Tianlin Shi:Forest Agostinelli:Matthew Staib:David Wipf:Thomas Moscibroda	In this paper, we develop a new aggregation technique to reduce the cost of surveying. Our method aims to jointly estimate a vector of target quantities such as public opinion or voter intent across time and maintain good estimates when using only a fraction of the data. Inspired by the James-Stein estimator, we resolve this challenge by shrinking the estimates to a global mean which is assumed to have a sparse representation in some known basis. This assumption has lead to two different methods for estimating the global mean: orthogonal matching pursuit and deep learning. Both of which significantly reduce the number of samples needed to achieve good estimates of the true means of the data and, in the case of presidential elections, can estimate the outcome of the 2012 United States elections while saving hundreds of thousands of samples and maintaining accuracy.	Improving Survey Aggregation with Sparsely Represented Signals	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Yu Shi:Myunghwan Kim:Shaunak Chatterjee:Mitul Tiwari:Souvik Ghosh:RÃ³mer Rosales	Most social networking services support multiple types of relationships between users, such as getting connected, sending messages, and consuming feed updates. These users and relationships can be naturally represented as a dynamic multi-view network, which is a set of weighted graphs with shared common nodes but having their own respective edges. Different network views, representing structural relationship and interaction types, could have very distinctive properties individually and these properties may change due to interplay across views. Therefore, it is of interest to study how multiple views interact and affect network dynamics and, in addition, explore possible applications to social networking. In this paper, we propose approaches to capture and analyze multi-view network dynamics from various aspects. Through our proposed descriptors, we observe the synergy and cannibalization between different user groups and network views from LinkedIn dataset. We then develop models that consider the synergy and cannibalization per new relationship, and show the outperforming predictive capability of our models compared to baseline models. Finally, the proposed models allow us to understand the interplay among different views where they dynamically change over time.	Dynamics of Large Multi-View Social Networks: Synergy, Cannibalization and Cross-View Interplay	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Leilei Sun:Chuanren Liu:Chonghui Guo:Hui Xiong:Yanming Xie	The analysis of large-scale Electrical Medical Records (EMRs) has the potential to develop and optimize clinical treatment regimens. A treatment regimen usually includes a series of doctor orders containing rich temporal and heterogeneous information. However, in many existing studies, a doctor order is simplified as an event code and a treatment record is simplified as a code sequence. Thus, the information inherent in doctor orders is not fully used for in-depth analysis. In this paper, we aim at exploiting the rich information in doctor orders and developing data-driven approaches for improving clinical treatments. To this end, we first propose a novel method to measure the similarities between treatment records with consideration of sequential and multifaceted information in doctor orders. Then, we propose an efficient density-based clustering algorithm to summarize large-scale treatment records, and extract a semantic representation of each treatment cluster. Finally, we develop a unified framework to evaluate the discovered treatment regimens, and find the most effective treatment regimen for new patients. In the empirical study, we validate our methods with EMRs of 27,678 patients from 14 hospitals. The results show that: 1) Our method can successfully extract typical treatment regimens from large-scale treatment records. The extracted treatment regimens are intuitive and provide managerial implications for treatment regimen design and optimization. 2) By recommending the most effective treatment regimens, the total cure rate in our data improves from 19.89% to 21.28%, and the effective rate increases up to 98.29%.	Data-driven Automatic Treatment Regimen Development and Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Yasuo Tabei:Hiroto Saigo:Yoshihiro Yamanishi:Simon J. Puglisi	With massive high-dimensional data now commonplace in research and industry, there is a strong and growing demand for more scalable computational techniques for data analysis and knowledge discovery. Key to turning these data into knowledge is the ability to learn statistical models with high interpretability. Current methods for learning statistical models either produce models that are not interpretable or have prohibitive computational costs when applied to massive data. In this paper we address this need by presenting a scalable algorithm for partial least squares regression (PLS), which we call compression-based PLS (cPLS), to learn predictive linear models with a high interpretability from massive high-dimensional data. We propose a novel grammar-compressed representation of data matrices that supports fast row and column access while the data matrix is in a compressed form. The original data matrix is grammar-compressed and then the linear model in PLS is learned on the compressed data matrix, which results in a significant reduction in working space, greatly improving scalability. We experimentally test cPLS on its ability to learn linear models for classification, regression and feature extraction with various massive high-dimensional data, and show that cPLS performs superiorly in terms of prediction accuracy, computational efficiency, and interpretability.	Scalable Partial Least Squares Regression on Grammar-Compressed Data Matrices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Mengting Wan:Xiangyu Chen:Lance Kaplan:Jiawei Han:Jing Gao:Bo Zhao	In this era of information explosion, conflicts are often encountered when information is provided by multiple sources. Traditional truth discovery task aims to identify the truth the most trustworthy information, from conflicting sources in different scenarios. In this kind of tasks, truth is regarded as a fixed value or a set of fixed values. However, in a number of real-world cases, objective truth existence cannot be ensured and we can only identify single or multiple reliable facts from opinions. Different from traditional truth discovery task, we address this uncertainty and introduce the concept of trustworthy opinion of an entity, treat it as a random variable, and use its distribution to describe consistency or controversy, which is particularly difficult for data which can be numerically measured, i.e. quantitative information. In this study, we focus on the quantitative opinion, propose an uncertainty-aware approach called Kernel Density Estimation from Multiple Sources (KDEm) to estimate its probability distribution, and summarize trustworthy information based on this distribution. Experiments indicate that KDEm not only has outstanding performance on the classical numeric truth discovery task, but also shows good performance on multi-modality detection and anomaly detection in the uncertain-opinion setting.	From Truth Discovery to Trustworthy Opinion Discovery: An Uncertainty-Aware Quantitative Modeling Approach	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Beidou Wang:Martin Ester:Yikang Liao:Jiajun Bu:Yu Zhu:Ziyu Guan:Deng Cai	With email overload becoming a billion-level drag on the economy, personalized email prioritization is of urgent need to help predict the importance level of an email. Despite lots of previous effort on the topic, broadcast email, an important type of emails with its unique challenges and intriguing opportunities, has been overlooked. The most salient opportunity lies in that effective collaborative filtering can be exploited due to thousands of receivers of a typical broadcast email. However, every broadcast email is completely cold and it is very costly to obtain users' preference feedback. Fortunately, there exist up to million-level broadcast mailing lists in a real life email system. Similar mailing lists can provide useful extra information for broadcast email prioritization in a target mailing list. How to mine such useful extra information is a challenging problem that has never been touched. In this work, we propose the first broadcast email prioritization framework considering large numbers of mailing lists by formulating this problem as a cross domain recommendation problem. An optimization framework is proposed to select the optimal set of source domains considering multiple criteria including overlap of users, feedback pattern similarity and coverage of users. Our method is thoroughly evaluated on a real world industrial dataset from Samsung Electronics and is proved highly effective and outperforms all the baselines.	The Million Domain Challenge: Broadcast Email Prioritization by Cross-domain Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Ying Wei:Yu Zheng:Qiang Yang	The rapid urbanization has motivated extensive research on urban computing. It is critical for urban computing tasks to unlock the power of the diversity of data modalities generated by different sources in urban spaces, such as vehicles and humans. However, we are more likely to encounter the label scarcity problem and the data insufficiency problem when solving an urban computing task in a city where services and infrastructures are not ready or just built. In this paper, we propose a FLexible multimOdal tRAnsfer Learning (FLORAL) method to transfer knowledge from a city where there exist sufficient multimodal data and labels, to this kind of cities to fully alleviate the two problems. FLORAL learns semantically related dictionaries for multiple modalities from a source domain, and simultaneously transfers the dictionaries and labelled instances from the source into a target domain. We evaluate the proposed method with a case study of air quality prediction.	Transfer Knowledge between Cities	NA:NA:NA	2016
Hao Wu:Jiangyun Mao:Weiwei Sun:Baihua Zheng:Hanyuan Zhang:Ziyang Chen:Wei Wang	Vehicle trajectories are one of the most important data in location-based services. The quality of trajectories directly affects the services. However, in the real applications, trajectory data are not always sampled densely. In this paper, we study the problem of recovering the entire route between two distant consecutive locations in a trajectory. Most existing works solve the problem without using those informative historical data or solve it in an empirical way. We claim that a data-driven and probabilistic approach is actually more suitable as long as data sparsity can be well handled. We propose a novel route recovery system in a fully probabilistic way which incorporates both temporal and spatial dynamics and addresses all the data sparsity problem introduced by the probabilistic method. It outperforms the existing works with a high accuracy (over 80%) and shows a strong robustness even when the length of routes to be recovered is very long (about 30 road segments) or the data is very sparse.	Probabilistic Robust Route Recovery with Spatio-Temporal Dynamics	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Houping Xiao:Jing Gao:Zhaoran Wang:Shiyu Wang:Lu Su:Han Liu	In the information age, people can easily collect information about the same set of entities from multiple sources, among which conflicts are inevitable. This leads to an important task, truth discovery, i.e., to identify true facts (truths) via iteratively updating truths and source reliability. However, the convergence to the truths is never discussed in existing work, and thus there is no theoretical guarantee in the results of these truth discovery approaches. In contrast, in this paper we propose a truth discovery approach with theoretical guarantee. We propose a randomized gaussian mixture model (RGMM) to represent multi-source data, where truths are model parameters. We incorporate source bias which captures its reliability degree into RGMM formulation. The truth discovery task is then modeled as seeking the maximum likelihood estimate (MLE) of the truths. Based on expectation-maximization (EM) techniques, we propose population-based (i.e., on the limit of infinite data) and sample-based (i.e., on a finite set of samples) solutions for the MLE. Theoretically, we prove that both solutions are contractive to an Îµ-ball around the MLE, under certain conditions. Experimentally, we evaluate our method on both simulated and real-world datasets. Experimental results show that our method achieves high accuracy in identifying truths with convergence guarantee.	A Truth Discovery Approach with Theoretical Guarantee	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Houping Xiao:Jing Gao:Qi Li:Fenglong Ma:Lu Su:Yunlong Feng:Aidong Zhang	The demand for automatic extraction of true information (i.e., truths) from conflicting multi-source data has soared recently. A variety of truth discovery methods have witnessed great successes via jointly estimating source reliability and truths. All existing truth discovery methods focus on providing a point estimator for each object's truth, but in many real-world applications, confidence interval estimation of truths is more desirable, since confidence interval contains richer information. To address this challenge, in this paper, we propose a novel truth discovery method (ETCIBoot) to construct confidence interval estimates as well as identify truths, where the bootstrapping techniques are nicely integrated into the truth discovery procedure. Due to the properties of bootstrapping, the estimators obtained by ETCIBoot are more accurate and robust compared with the state-of-the-art truth discovery approaches. Theoretically, we prove the asymptotical consistency of the confidence interval obtained by ETCIBoot. Experimentally, we demonstrate that ETCIBoot is not only effective in constructing confidence intervals but also able to obtain better truth estimates.	Towards Confidence in the Truth: A Bootstrapping based Truth Discovery Approach	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Haichuan Yang:Ryohei Fujimaki:Yukitaka Kusumura:Ji Liu	This paper considers the feature selection scenario where only a few features are accessible at any time point. For example, features are generated sequentially and visible one by one. Therefore, one has to make an online decision to identify key features after all features are only scanned once or twice. The optimization based approach is a powerful tool for the online feature selection. However, most existing optimization based algorithms explicitly or implicitly adopt L1 norm regularization to identify important features, and suffer two main disadvantages: 1) the penalty term for L1 norm term is hard to choose; and 2) the memory usage is hard to control or predict. To overcome these two drawbacks, this paper proposes a limited-memory and model parameter free online feature selection algorithm, namely online substitution (OS) algorithm. To improve the selection efficiency, an asynchronous parallel extension for OS (Asy-OS) is proposed. Convergence guarantees are provided for both algorithms. Empirical study suggests that the performance of OS and Asy-OS is comparable to the benchmark algorithm Grafting, but requires much less memory cost and can be easily extended to the parallel implementation.	Online Feature Selection: A Limited-Memory Substitution Algorithm and Its Asynchronous Parallel Variation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Tao Yang:Jun Liu:Pinghua Gong:Ruiwen Zhang:Xiaotong Shen:Jieping Ye	In many real-world applications, the samples/features acquired are in spatial or temporal order. In such cases, the magnitudes of adjacent samples/features are typically close to each other. Meanwhile, in the high-dimensional scenario, identifying the most relevant samples/features is also desired. In this paper, we consider a regularized model which can simultaneously identify important features and group similar features together. The model is based on a penalty called Absolute Fused Lasso (AFL). The AFL penalty encourages sparsity in the coefficients as well as their successive differences of absolute values' i.e., local constancy of the coefficient components in absolute values. Due to the non-convexity of AFL, it is challenging to develop efficient algorithms to solve the optimization problem. To this end, we employ the Difference of Convex functions (DC) programming to optimize the proposed non-convex problem. At each DC iteration, we adopt the proximal algorithm to solve a convex regularized sub-problem. One of the major contributions of this paper is to develop a highly efficient algorithm to compute the proximal operator. Empirical studies on both synthetic and real-world data sets from Genome-Wide Association Studies demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed approach in simultaneous identifying important features and grouping similar features.	Absolute Fused Lasso and Its Application to Genome-Wide Association Studies	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Yi Yang:Da Yan:Huanhuan Wu:James Cheng:Shuigeng Zhou:John C.S. Lui	Many graphs in real-world applications, such as telecommunications networks, social-interaction graphs and co-authorship graphs, contain temporal information. However, existing graph mining algorithms fail to exploit these temporal information and the resulting subgraph patterns do not contain any temporal attribute. In this paper, we study the problem of mining a set of diversified temporal subgraph patterns from a temporal graph, where each subgraph is associated with the time interval that the pattern spans. This problem motivates important applications such as finding social trends in social networks, or detecting temporal hotspots in telecommunications networks. We propose a divide-and-conquer algorithm along with effective pruning techniques, and our approach runs 2 to 3 orders of magnitude faster than a baseline algorithm and obtains high-quality temporal subgraph patterns in real temporal graphs.	Diversified Temporal Subgraph Pattern Mining	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Yuan Yang:Jianfei Chen:Jun Zhu	Learning large-scale Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) models is beneficial for many applications that involve large collections of documents.Recent work has been focusing on developing distributed algorithms in the batch setting, while leaving stochastic methods behind, which can effectively explore statistical redundancy in big data and thereby are complementary to distributed computing.The distributed stochastic gradient Langevin dynamics (DSGLD) represents one attempt to combine stochastic sampling and distributed computing, but it suffers from drawbacks such as excessive communications and sensitivity to partitioning of datasets across nodes. DSGLD is typically limited to learn small models that have about 103 topics and $10^3$ vocabulary size. In this paper, we present embarrassingly parallel SGLD (EPSGLD), a novel distributed stochastic gradient sampling method for topic models. Our sampler is built upon a divide-and-conquer architecture which enables us to produce robust and asymptotically exact samples with less communication overhead than DSGLD. We further propose several techniques to reduce the overhead in I/O and memory usage. Experiments on Wikipedia and ClueWeb12 documents demonstrate that, EPSGLD can scale up to large models with 1010 parameters (i.e., 105 topics, 105 vocabulary size), four orders of magnitude larger than DSGLD, and converge faster.	Distributing the Stochastic Gradient Sampler for Large-Scale LDA	NA:NA:NA	2016
Wei Ye:Sebastian Goebl:Claudia Plant:Christian BÃ¶hm	Multi-scale data which contains structures at different scales of size and density is a big challenge for spectral clustering. Even given a suitable locally scaled affinity matrix, the first k eigenvectors of such a matrix still cannot separate clusters well. Thus, in this paper, we exploit the fusion of the cluster-separation information from all eigenvectors to achieve a better clustering result. Our method FUll Spectral ClustEring (FUSE) is based on Power Iteration (PI) and Independent Component Analysis (ICA). PI is used to fuse all eigenvectors to one pseudo-eigenvector which inherits all the cluster-separation information. To conquer the cluster-collision problem, we utilize PI to generate p (p > k) pseudo-eigenvectors. Since these pseudo-eigenvectors are redundant and the cluster-separation information is contaminated with noise, ICA is adopted to rotate the pseudo-eigenvectors to make them pairwise statistically independent. To let ICA overcome local optima and speed up the search process, we develop a self-adaptive and self-learning greedy search method. Finally, we select k rotated pseudo-eigenvectors (independent components) which have more cluster-separation information measured by kurtosis for clustering. Various synthetic and real-world data verifies the effectiveness and efficiency of our FUSE method.	FUSE: Full Spectral Clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Jianhua Yin:Jianyong Wang	In this paper, we propose a text clustering algorithm using an online clustering scheme for initialization called FGSDMM+. FGSDMM+ assumes that there are at most Kmax clusters in the corpus, and regards these Kmax potential clusters as one large potential cluster at the beginning. During initialization, FGSDMM+ processes the documents one by one in an online clustering scheme. The first document will choose the potential cluster, and FGSDMM+ will create a new cluster to store this document. Later documents will choose one of the non-empty clusters or the potential cluster with probabilities derived from the Dirichlet multinomial mixture model. Each time a document chooses the potential cluster, FGSDMM+ will create a new cluster to store that document and decrease the probability of later documents choosing the potential cluster. After initialization, FGSDMM+ will run a collapsed Gibbs sampling algorithm several times to obtain the final clustering result. Our extensive experimental study shows that FGSDMM+ can achieve better performance than three other clustering methods on both short and long text datasets.	A Text Clustering Algorithm Using an Online Clustering Scheme for Initialization	NA:NA	2016
Ganzhao Yuan:Yin Yang:Zhenjie Zhang:Zhifeng Hao	Differential privacy enables organizations to collect accurate aggregates over sensitive data with strong, rigorous guarantees on individuals' privacy. Previous work has found that under differential privacy, computing multiple correlated aggregates as a batch, using an appropriate strategy, may yield higher accuracy than computing each of them independently. However, finding the best strategy that maximizes result accuracy is non-trivial, as it involves solving a complex constrained optimization program that appears to be non-convex. Hence, in the past much effort has been devoted in solving this non-convex optimization program. Existing approaches include various sophisticated heuristics and expensive numerical solutions. None of them, however, guarantees to find the optimal solution of this optimization problem. This paper points out that under (Îµ, à½¬)-differential privacy, the optimal solution of the above constrained optimization problem in search of a suitable strategy can be found, rather surprisingly, by solving a simple and elegant convex optimization program. Then, we propose an efficient algorithm based on Newton's method, which we prove to always converge to the optimal solution with linear global convergence rate and quadratic local convergence rate. Empirical evaluations demonstrate the accuracy and efficiency of the proposed solution.	Convex Optimization for Linear Query Processing under Approximate Differential Privacy	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Chengxi Zang:Peng Cui:Christos Faloutsos	What is the growth pattern of social networks, like Facebook and WeChat? Does it truly exhibit exponential early growth, as predicted by textbook models like the Bass model, SI, or the Branching Process? How about the count of links, over time, for which there are few published models? We examine the growth of several real networks, including one of the world's largest online social network, ``WeChat'', with 300 million nodes and 4.75 billion links by 2013; and we observe power law growth for both nodes and links, a fact that completely breaks the sigmoid models (like SI, and Bass). In its place, we propose NETTIDE, along with differential equations for the growth of the count of nodes, as well as links. Our model accurately fits the growth patterns of real graphs; it is general, encompassing as special cases all the known, traditional models (including Bass, SI, log-logistic growth); while still remaining parsimonious, requiring only a handful of parameters. Moreover, our NETTIDE for link growth is the first one of its kind, accurately fitting real data, and naturally leading to the densification phenomenon. We validate our model with four real, time-evolving social networks, where NETTIDE gives good fitting accuracy, and, more importantly, applied on the WeChat data, our NETTIDE forecasted more than 730 days into the future, with 3% error.	Beyond Sigmoids: The NetTide Model for Social Network Growth, and Its Applications	NA:NA:NA	2016
Chunqiu Zeng:Qing Wang:Shekoofeh Mokhtari:Tao Li	Contextual multi-armed bandit problems have gained increasing popularity and attention in recent years due to their capability of leveraging contextual information to deliver online personalized recommendation services (e.g., online advertising and news article selection). To predict the reward of each arm given a particular context, existing relevant research studies for contextual multi-armed bandit problems often assume the existence of a fixed yet unknown reward mapping function. However, this assumption rarely holds in practice, since real-world problems often involve underlying processes that are dynamically evolving over time. In this paper, we study the time varying contextual multi-armed problem where the reward mapping function changes over time. In particular, we propose a dynamical context drift model based on particle learning. In the proposed model, the drift on the reward mapping function is explicitly modeled as a set of random walk particles, where good fitted particles are selected to learn the mapping dynamically. Taking advantage of the fully adaptive inference strategy of particle learning, our model is able to effectively capture the context change and learn the latent parameters. In addition, those learnt parameters can be naturally integrated into existing multi-arm selection strategies such as LinUCB and Thompson sampling. Empirical studies on two real-world applications, including online personalized advertising and news recommendation, demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach. The experimental results also show that our algorithm can dynamically track the changing reward over time and consequently improve the click-through rate.	Online Context-Aware Recommendation with Time Varying Multi-Armed Bandit	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Aston Zhang:Quanquan Gu	We study the composite minimization problem where the objective function is the sum of two convex functions: one is the sum of a finite number of strongly convex and smooth functions, and the other is a general convex function that is non-differentiable. Specifically, we consider the case where the non-differentiable function is block separable and admits a simple proximal mapping for each block. This type of composite optimization is common in many data mining and machine learning problems, and can be solved by block coordinate descent algorithms. We propose an accelerated stochastic block coordinate descent (ASBCD) algorithm, which incorporates the incrementally averaged partial derivative into the stochastic partial derivative and exploits optimal sampling. We prove that ASBCD attains a linear rate of convergence. In contrast to uniform sampling, we reveal that the optimal non-uniform sampling can be employed to achieve a lower iteration complexity. Experimental results on different large-scale real data sets support our theory.	Accelerated Stochastic Block Coordinate Descent with Optimal Sampling	NA:NA	2016
Lei Zhang:Shupeng Wang:Xiaoyu Zhang:Yong Wang:Binbin Li:Dinggang Shen:Shuiwang Ji	In multi-view learning applications, like multimedia analysis and information retrieval, we often encounter the corrupted view problem in which the data are corrupted by two different types of noises, i.e., the intra- and inter-view noises. The noises may affect these applications that commonly acquire complementary representations from different views. Therefore, how to denoise corrupted views from multi-view data is of great importance for applications that integrate and analyze representations from different views. However, the heterogeneity among multi-view representations brings a significant challenge on denoising corrupted views. To address this challenge, we propose a general framework to jointly denoise corrupted views in this paper. Specifically, aiming at capturing the semantic complementarity and distributional similarity among different views, a novel Heterogeneous Linear Metric Learning (HLML) model with low-rank regularization, leave-one-out validation, and pseudo-metric constraints is proposed. Our method linearly maps multi-view data to a high-dimensional feature-homogeneous space that embeds the complementary information from different views. Furthermore, to remove the intra- and inter-view noises, we present a new Multi-view Semi-supervised Collaborative Denoising (MSCD) method with elementary transformation constraints and gradient energy competition to establish the complementary relationship among the heterogeneous representations. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed methods are effective and efficient.	Collaborative Multi-View Denoising	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Xiaoxuan Zhang:Tianbao Yang:Padmini Srinivasan	This paper considers online learning with imbalanced streaming data under a query budget, where the act of querying for labels is constrained to a budget limit. We study different active querying strategies for classification. In particular, we propose an asymmetric active querying strategy that assigns different probabilities for query to examples predicted as positive and negative. To corroborate the proposed asymmetric query model, we provide a theoretical analysis on a weighted mistake bound. We conduct extensive evaluations of the proposed asymmetric active querying strategy in comparison with several baseline querying strategies and with previous online learning algorithms for imbalanced data. In particular, we perform two types of evaluations according to which examples appear as ``positive"/``negative''. In push evaluation only the positive predictions given to the user are taken into account; in push and query evaluation the decision to query is also considered for evaluation. The push and query evaluation strategy is particularly suited for a recommendation setting because the items selected for querying for labels may go to the end-user to enable customization and personalization. These would not be shown any differently to the end-user compared to recommended content (i.e., the examples predicated as positive). Additionally, given our interest in imbalanced data we measure F-score instead of accuracy that is traditionally considered by online classification algorithms. We also compare the querying strategies on five classification tasks from different domains, and show that the probabilistic query strategy achieves higher F-scores on both types of evaluation than deterministic strategy, especially when the budget is small, and the asymmetric query model further improves performance. When compared to the state-of-the-art cost-sensitive online learning algorithm under a budget, our online classification algorithm with asymmetric querying achieves a higher F-score on four of the five tasks, especially on the push evaluation.	Online Asymmetric Active Learning with Imbalanced Data	NA:NA:NA	2016
Yuyu Zhang:Mohammad Taha Bahadori:Hang Su:Jimeng Sun	Modern data science relies on data analytic pipelines to organize interdependent computational steps. Such analytic pipelines often involve different algorithms across multiple steps, each with its own hyperparameters. To achieve the best performance, it is often critical to select optimal algorithms and to set appropriate hyperparameters, which requires large computational efforts. Bayesian optimization provides a principled way for searching optimal hyperparameters for a single algorithm. However, many challenges remain in solving pipeline optimization problems with high-dimensional and highly conditional search space. In this work, we propose Fast LineAr SearcH (FLASH), an efficient method for tuning analytic pipelines. FLASH is a two-layer Bayesian optimization framework, which firstly uses a parametric model to select promising algorithms, then computes a nonparametric model to fine-tune hyperparameters of the promising algorithms. FLASH also includes an effective caching algorithm which can further accelerate the search process. Extensive experiments on a number of benchmark datasets have demonstrated that FLASH significantly outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods in both search speed and accuracy. Using 50% of the time budget, FLASH achieves up to 20% improvement on test error rate compared to the baselines. FLASH also yields state-of-the-art performance on a real-world application for healthcare predictive modeling.	FLASH: Fast Bayesian Optimization for Data Analytic Pipelines	NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Hongke Zhao:Qi Liu:Guifeng Wang:Yong Ge:Enhong Chen	P2P lending is an emerging wealth-management service for individuals, which allows lenders to directly bid and invest on the loans created by borrowers. In these platforms, lenders often pursue multiple objectives (e.g., non-default probability, fully-funded probability and winning-bid probability) when they select loans to invest. How to automatically assess loans from these objectives and help lenders select loan portfolios is a very important but challenging problem. To that end, in this paper, we present a holistic study on portfolio selections in P2P lending. Specifically, we first propose to adapt gradient boosting decision tree, which combines both static features and dynamic features, to assess loans from multiple objectives. Then, we propose two strategies, i.e., weighted objective optimization strategy and multi-objective optimization strategy, to select portfolios for lenders. For each lender, the first strategy attempts to provide one optimal portfolio while the second strategy attempts to provide a Pareto-optimal portfolio set. Further, we design two algorithms, namely DPA and EVA, which can efficiently resolve the optimizations in these two strategies, respectively. Finally, extensive experiments on a large-scale real-world data set demonstrate the effectiveness of our solutions.	Portfolio Selections in P2P Lending: A Multi-Objective Perspective	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Liang Zhao:Jieping Ye:Feng Chen:Chang-Tien Lu:Naren Ramakrishnan	Forecasting significant societal events is an interesting and challenging problem as it taking into consideration multiple aspects of a society, including its economics, politics, and culture. Traditional forecasting methods based on a single data source find it hard to cover all these aspects comprehensively, thus limiting model performance. Multi source event forecasting has proven promising but still suffers from several challenges, including 1) geographical hierarchies in multi-source data features, 2) missing values, and 3) characterization of structured feature sparsity. This paper proposes a novel feature learning model that concurrently addresses all the above challenges. Specifically, given multi-source data from different geographical levels, we design a new forecasting model by characterizing the lower-level features' dependence on higher-level features. To handle the correlations amidst structured feature sets and deal with missing values among the coupled features, we propose a novel feature learning model based on an $N$th-order strong hierarchy and fused-overlapping group Lasso. An efficient algorithm is developed to optimize model parameters and ensure global optima. Extensive experiments on 10 datasets in different domains demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed model.	Hierarchical Incomplete Multi-source Feature Learning for Spatiotemporal Event Forecasting	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Guoqing Zheng:Yiming Yang:Jaime Carbonell	Shift-invariant dictionary learning (SIDL) refers to the problem of discovering a set of latent basis vectors (the dictionary) that captures informative local patterns at different locations of the input sequences, and a sparse coding for each sequence as a linear combination of the latent basis elements. It differs from conventional dictionary learning and sparse coding where the latent basis has the same dimension as the input vectors, where the focus is on global patterns instead of shift-invariant local patterns. Unsupervised discovery of shift-invariant dictionary and the corresponding sparse coding has been an open challenge as the number of candidate local patterns is extremely large, and the number of possible linear combinations of such local patterns is even more so. In this paper we propose a new framework for unsupervised discovery of both the shift-invariant basis and the sparse coding of input data, with efficient algorithms for tractable optimization. Empirical evaluations on multiple time series data sets demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed method.	Efficient Shift-Invariant Dictionary Learning	NA:NA:NA	2016
Yuan Zuo:Junjie Wu:Hui Zhang:Hao Lin:Fei Wang:Ke Xu:Hui Xiong	Recent years have witnessed the unprecedented growth of online social media, which empower short texts as the prevalent format for information of Internet. Given the nature of sparsity, however, short text topic modeling remains a critical yet much-watched challenge in both academy and industry. Rich research efforts have been put on building different types of probabilistic topic models for short texts, among which the self aggregation methods without using auxiliary information become an emerging solution for providing informative cross-text word co-occurrences. However, models along this line are still rarely seen, and the representative one Self-Aggregation Topic Model (SATM) is prone to overfitting and computationally expensive. In light of this, in this paper, we propose a novel probabilistic model called Pseudo-document-based Topic Model (PTM) for short text topic modeling. PTM introduces the concept of pseudo document to implicitly aggregate short texts against data sparsity. By modeling the topic distributions of latent pseudo documents rather than short texts, PTM is expected to gain excellent performance in both accuracy and efficiency. A Sparsity-enhanced PTM (SPTM for short) is also proposed by applying Spike and Slab prior, with the purpose of eliminating undesired correlations between pseudo documents and latent topics. Extensive experiments on various real-world data sets with state-of-the-art baselines demonstrate the high quality of topics learned by PTM and its robustness with reduced training samples. It is also interesting to show that i) SPTM gains a clear edge over PTM when the number of pseudo documents is relatively small, and ii) the constraint that a short text belongs to only one pseudo document is critically important for the success of PTM. We finally take an in-depth semantic analysis to unveil directly the fabulous function of pseudo documents in finding cross-text word co-occurrences for topic modeling.	Topic Modeling of Short Texts: A Pseudo-Document View	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
John-Mark Agosta:Debraj GuhaThakurta:Robert Horton:Mario Inchiosa:Srini Kumar:Mengyue Zhao	R is one of the most popular languages in the data science, statistical and machine learning (ML) community. However, when it comes to scalable data analysis and ML using R, many data scientists are blocked or hindered by (a) its limitations of available functions to handle large datasets efficiently, and (b) knowledge about the appropriate computing environments to scale R scripts from desktop exploratory analysis to elastic and distributed cloud services. In this tutorial we will discuss solutions that demonstrate the use of distributed compute environments and end to end solutions for R. We will present the topics through presentations and worked-out examples with sample code. In addition, we will provide a public code repository that attendees will be able to access and adapt to their own practice. We believe this tutorial will be of strong interest to a large and growing community of data scientists and developers using R for data analysis and modeling.	Scalable Data Analytics Using R: Single Machines to Hadoop Spark Clusters	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Zhiyuan Chen:Estevam R. Hruschka, Jr.:Bing Liu	This tutorial introduces Lifelong Machine Learning (LML) and Machine Reading. The core idea of LML is to learn continuously and accumulate the learned knowledge, and to use the knowledge to help future learning, which is perhaps the hallmark of human learning and human intelligence. By us- ing prior knowledge seamlessly and effortlessly, we humans can learn without a lot of training data, but current machine learning algorithms tend to need a huge amount of training data. LML aims to mimic this human capability. Machine Reading is a research area with the goal of building systems to read natural language text. Among different approaches employed in Machine Reading, this tutorial focuses on projects and approaches that use the idea of LML. Most current machine learning (ML) algorithms learn in isolation. They are designed to address a specific problem using a single dataset. That is, given a dataset, an ML algorithm is executed on the dataset to build a model. Although this type of isolated learning is very useful, it does not have the ability to accumulate past knowledge and to make use of the knowledge for future learning, which we believe are critical for the future of machine learning and data mining. LML aims to design and develop computational systems and algorithms with this capability, i.e., to learn as humans do in a lifelong manner. In this tutorial, we introduce this important problem and the existing LML techniques and discuss opportunities and challenges of big data for lifelong machine learning. We also want to motivate researchers and practitioners to actively explore LML as the big data provides us a golden opportunity to learn a large volume of diverse knowledge, to connect different pieces of it, and to use it to raise data mining and machine learning to a new level.	Lifelong Machine Learning and Computer Reading the Web	NA:NA:NA	2016
Gianmarco De Francisci Morales:Albert Bifet:Latifur Khan:Joao Gama:Wei Fan	The challenge of deriving insights from the Internet of Things (IoT) has been recognized as one of the most exciting and key opportunities for both academia and industry. Advanced analysis of big data streams from sensors and devices is bound to become a key area of data mining research as the number of applications requiring such processing increases. Dealing with the evolution over time of such data streams, i.e., with concepts that drift or change completely, is one of the core issues in IoT stream mining. This tutorial is a gentle introduction to mining IoT big data streams. The first part introduces data stream learners for classification, regression, clustering, and frequent pattern mining. The second part deals with scalability issues inherent in IoT applications, and discusses how to mine data streams on distributed engines such as Spark, Flink, Storm, and Samza.	IoT Big Data Stream Mining	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Jing Gao:Qi Li:Bo Zhao:Wei Fan:Jiawei Han	Recent years have witnessed an astonishing growth of crowd-contributed data, which has become a powerful information source that covers almost every aspect of our lives. This big treasure trove of information has fundamentally changed the ways in which we learn about our world. Crowdsourcing has attracted considerable attentions with various approaches developed to utilize these enormous crowdsourced data from different perspectives. From the data collection perspective, crowdsourced data can be divided into two types: "passively" crowdsourced data and "actively" crowdsourced data; from task perspective, crowdsourcing research includes information aggregation, budget allocation, worker incentive mechanism, etc. To answer the need of a systematic introduction of the field and comparison of the techniques, we will present an organized picture on crowdsourcing methods in this tutorial. The covered topics will be interested for both advanced researchers and beginners in this field.	Mining Reliable Information from Passively and Actively Crowdsourced Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2016
Ashish Gupta:Neera Agarwal	Recently we have seen emergence and huge adoption of social media, internet of things for home, industrial internet of things, mobile applications and online transactions. These systems generate streaming data at very large scale. Building technologies and distributed systems that can capture, process and analyze this streaming data in real time is very important for gaining real time insights. Real-time analysis of streaming data can be used for applications as diverse as fraud detection, in-session targeting and recommendations, control systems for transportation systems and smarter cities, earthquake prediction and control of autonomous vehicles. This tutorial will provide overview of streaming systems and hands on tutorial on building streaming analytics systems using open source technologies.	Streaming Analytics	NA:NA	2016
Sara Hajian:Francesco Bonchi:Carlos Castillo	Algorithms and decision making based on Big Data have become pervasive in all aspects of our daily lives lives (offline and online), as they have become essential tools in personal finance, health care, hiring, housing, education, and policies. It is therefore of societal and ethical importance to ask whether these algorithms can be discriminative on grounds such as gender, ethnicity, or health status. It turns out that the answer is positive: for instance, recent studies in the context of online advertising show that ads for high-income jobs are presented to men much more often than to women [Datta et al., 2015]; and ads for arrest records are significantly more likely to show up on searches for distinctively black names [Sweeney, 2013]. This algorithmic bias exists even when there is no discrimination intention in the developer of the algorithm. Sometimes it may be inherent to the data sources used (software making decisions based on data can reflect, or even amplify, the results of historical discrimination), but even when the sensitive attributes have been suppressed from the input, a well trained machine learning algorithm may still discriminate on the basis of such sensitive attributes because of correlations existing in the data. These considerations call for the development of data mining systems which are discrimination-conscious by-design. This is a novel and challenging research area for the data mining community. The aim of this tutorial is to survey algorithmic bias, presenting its most common variants, with an emphasis on the algorithmic techniques and key ideas developed to derive efficient solutions. The tutorial covers two main complementary approaches: algorithms for discrimination discovery and discrimination prevention by means of fairness-aware data mining. We conclude by summarizing promising paths for future research.	Algorithmic Bias: From Discrimination Discovery to Fairness-aware Data Mining	NA:NA:NA	2016
Yuheng Hu:Yu-Ru Lin:Jiebo Luo	Social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook have emerged as some of the most important platforms for people to discover, report, share, and communicate with others about various public events, be they of global or local interest (some high profile examples include the U.S Presidential debates, the Boston bombings, the hurricane Sandy, etc). The burst of social media reaction can be seen as a valuable real-time reflection of events as they happen, and can be used for a variety of applications such as computational journalism. Until now, such analysis has been mostly done manually or through primitive tools. Scalable and automated approaches are needed given the massive amounts of both event and reaction information. These approaches must also be able to conduct in-depth analysis of complex interactions between an event and its audience. Supporting such automation and examination however poses several computational challenges. In recent years, research communities have witnessed a growing interest in tackling these challenges. Furthermore, much recent research has begun to focus on solving more complex event analytics tasks such as post-event effect quantification and event progress prediction. This tutorial aims to review and examine current state of the research progress on this emerging topic.	Collective Sensemaking via Social Sensors: Extracting, Profiling, Analyzing, and Predicting Real-world Events	NA:NA:NA	2016
Abdullah Mueen:Eamonn Keogh	Dynamic Time Warping (DTW) is a distance measure that compares two time series after optimally aligning them. DTW is being used for decades in thousands of academic and industrial projects despite the very expensive computational complexity, O(n2). These applications include data mining, image processing, signal processing, robotics and computer graphics among many others. In spite of all this research effort, there are many myths and misunderstanding about DTW in the literature, for example "it is too slow to be useful" or "the warping window size does not matter much." In this tutorial, we correct these misunderstandings and we summarize the research efforts in optimizing both the efficiency and effectiveness of both the basic DTW algorithm, and of the higher-level algorithms that exploit DTW such as similarity search, clustering and classification. We will discuss variants of DTW such as constrained DTW, multidimensional DTW and asynchronous DTW, and optimization techniques such as lower bounding, early abandoning, run-length encoding, bounded approximation and hardware optimization. We will discuss a multitude of application areas including physiological monitoring, social media mining, activity recognition and animal sound processing. The optimization techniques are generalizable to other domains on various data types and problems.	Extracting Optimal Performance from Dynamic Time Warping	NA:NA	2016
Francois Petitjean:Geoffrey I. Webb	From understanding the structure of data, to classification and topic modeling, graphical models are core tools in machine learning and data mining. They combine probability and graph theories to form a compact representation of probability distributions. In the last decade, as data stores became larger and higher-dimensional, traditional algorithms for learning graphical models from data, with their lack of scalability, became less and less usable, thus directly decreasing the potential benefits of this core technology. To scale graphical modeling techniques to the size and dimensionality of most modern data stores, data science researchers and practitioners now have to meld the most recent advances in numerous specialized fields including graph theory, statistics, pattern mining and graphical modeling. This tutorial covers the core building blocks that are necessary to build and use scalable graphical modeling technologies on large and high-dimensional data.	Scalable Learning of Graphical Models	NA:NA	2016
B. Aditya Prakash:Naren Ramakrishnan	Can we infer if a user is sick from her tweet? How do opinions get formed in online forums? Which people should we immunize to prevent an epidemic as fast as possible? How do we quickly zoom out of a graph? Graphs---also known as networks---are powerful tools for modeling processes and situations of interest in real life domains of social systems, cyber-security, epidemiology, and biology. They are ubiquitous, from online social networks, gene-regulatory networks, to router graphs. This tutorial will cover recent and state-of-the-art research on how propagation-like processes can help big-data mining specifically involving large networks and time-series, algorithms behind network problems, and their practical applications in various diverse settings. Topics include diffusion and virus propagation in networks, anomaly and outbreak detection, event prediction and connections with work in public health, the web and online media, social sciences, humanities, and cyber-security.	Leveraging Propagation for Data Mining: Models, Algorithms and Applications	NA:NA	2016
Frank Seide:Amit Agarwal	This tutorial will introduce the Computational Network Toolkit, or CNTK, Microsoft's cutting-edge open-source deep-learning toolkit for Windows and Linux. CNTK is a powerful computation-graph based deep-learning toolkit for training and evaluating deep neural networks. Microsoft product groups use CNTK, for example to create the Cortana speech models and web ranking. CNTK supports feed-forward, convolutional, and recurrent networks for speech, image, and text workloads, also in combination. Popular network types are supported either natively (convolution) or can be described as a CNTK configuration (LSTM, sequence-to-sequence). CNTK scales to multiple GPU servers and is designed around efficiency. The tutorial will give an overview of CNTK's general architecture and describe the specific methods and algorithms used for automatic differentiation, recurrent-loop inference and execution, memory sharing, on-the-fly randomization of large corpora, and multi-server parallelization. We will then show how typical uses looks like for relevant tasks like image recognition, sequence-to-sequence modeling, and speech recognition.	CNTK: Microsoft's Open-Source Deep-Learning Toolkit	NA:NA	2016
Fei Wang:Ping Zhang:Joel Dudley	In the last decade, advances in high-throughput technologies, growth of clinical data warehouses, and rapid accumulation of biomedical knowledge provided unprecedented opportunities and challenges to researchers in biomedical informatics. One distinct solution, to efficiently conduct big data analytics for biomedical problems, is the application of matrix computation and factorization methods such as non-negative matrix factorization, joint matrix factorization, tensor factorization. Compared to probabilistic and information theoretic approaches, matrix-based methods are fast, easy to understand and implement. In this tutorial, we provide a review of recent advances in algorithms and methods using matrix and their potential applications in biomedical informatics. We survey various related articles from data mining venues as well as from biomedical informatics venues to share with the audience key problems and trends in matrix computation research, with different novel applications such as drug repositioning, personalized medicine, and electronic phenotyping.	Healthcare Data Mining with Matrix Models	NA:NA:NA	2016
David J. Hand	Financial applications of data science provide a perfect illustration of the power of the shift from subjective decision-making to data- and evidence-driven decision-making. In the space of some fifty years, an entire sector of industry has been totally revolutionised. Such applications come in three broad areas: actuarial and insurance, consumer banking, and investment banking. Actuarial and insurance work was one of the earliest adopters of data science ideas, dating from long before the term had been coined, and even before the computer had been invented. But these areas have fallen behind the latest advances in data science technology - which means there is considerable potential for applying modern data analytic ideas. Consumer banking has been described as one the first and major success stories of the data revolution. Dating from the 1960s, when the first credit cards were launched, techniques for analysing the massive data sets of consumer financial transactions have driven much of the development of data mining and data science ideas. But new model types, and new sources of data, are leading to a rich opportunity for significant developments. In investment banking the "efficient market hypothesis" of classic economics says that it is impossible to predict the financial markets. But this is false - though very nearly true. That means that there is an opportunity to use advanced data analytic methods to exploit the tiny gap between conventional theory and what actually happens. Other data science issues, such as data quality, ethics, and security, along with the need to understand the limitations of models, become particularly pointed in the context of financial applications.	Data Science for Financial Applications	NA	2018
Alvin E. Roth	Markets and marketplaces are ancient human artifacts, but in recent years they have become ever more important. In part this is because marketplaces are becoming computerized. Together with the introduction of smart phones, this also makes them ubiquitous. We can order car rides to the airport, plane rides to London, and hotel rooms for when we arrive, all on our smartphones. And as we do so we leave a data trail that is easily combined with other streams of data. This is changing not only how we interact with markets, but also how we manage and regard privacy. I'll discuss some recent developments in computerized markets and speculate about some still to come.	Market Design and Computerized Marketplaces	NA	2018
Yee Whye Teh	Much recent progress in machine learning have been fueled by the explosive growth in the amount and diversity of data available, and the computational resources needed to crunch through the data. This begs the question of whether machine learning systems necessarily need large amounts of data to solve a task well. An exciting recent development, under the banners of meta-learning, lifelong learning, learning to learn, multitask learning etc., has been the observation that often there is heterogeneity within the data sets at hand, and in fact a large data set can be viewed more productively as many smaller data sets, each pertaining to a different task. For example, in recommender systems each user can be said to be a different task with a small associated data set, and in AI one holy grail is how to develop systems that can learn to solve new tasks quickly from small amounts of data. In such settings, the problem is then how to "learn to learn quickly", by making use of similarities among tasks. One perspective for how this is achievable is that exposure to lots of previous tasks allows the system to learn a rich prior knowledge about the world in which tasks are sampled from, and it is with rich world knowledge that the system is able to solve new tasks quickly. This is a very active, vibrant and diverse area of research, with many different approaches proposed recently. In this talk I will describe a view of this problem from probabilistic and deep learning perspectives, and describe a number of efforts in this direction that I have recently been involved in.	On Big Data Learning for Small Data Problems	NA	2018
Jeannette M. Wing	I use the tagline "Data for Good" to state paronomastically how we as a community should be promoting data science, especially in training future generations of data scientists. First, we should use data science for the good of humanity and society. Data science should be used to better people's lives. Data science should be used to improve relationships among people, organizations, and institutions. Data science, in collaboration with other disciplines, should be used to help tackle societal grand challenges such as climate change, education, energy, environment, healthcare, inequality, and social justice. Second, we should use data in a good manner. The acronym FATES suggests what "good" means. Fairness means that the models we build are used to make unbiased decisions or predictions. Accountability means to determine and assign responsibility-to someone or to something-for a judgment made by a machine. Transparency means being open and clear to the end user about how an outcome, e.g., a classification, a decision, or a prediction, is made. Ethics for data science means paying attention to both the ethical and privacy-preserving collection and use of data as well as the ethical decisions that the automated systems we build will make. Safety and security (yes, two words for one "S") means ensuring that the systems we build are safe (do no harm) and secure (guard against malicious behavior).	Data for Good: Abstract	NA	2018
Jacob Abernethy:Alex Chojnacki:Arya Farahi:Eric Schwartz:Jared Webb	We detail our ongoing work in Flint, Michigan to detect pipes made of lead and other hazardous metals. After elevated levels of lead were detected in residents' drinking water, followed by an increase in blood lead levels in area children, the state and federal governments directed over $125 million to replace water service lines, the pipes connecting each home to the water system. In the absence of accurate records, and with the high cost of determining buried pipe materials, we put forth a number of predictive and procedural tools to aid in the search and removal of lead infrastructure. Alongside these statistical and machine learning approaches, we describe our interactions with government officials in recommending homes for both inspection and replacement, with a focus on the statistical model that adapts to incoming information. Finally, in light of discussions about increased spending on infrastructure development by the federal government, we explore how our approach generalizes beyond Flint to other municipalities nationwide.	ActiveRemediation: The Search for Lead Pipes in Flint, Michigan	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Klaus Ackermann:Joe Walsh:Adolfo De UnÃ¡nue:Hareem Naveed:Andrea Navarrete Rivera:Sun-Joo Lee:Jason Bennett:Michael Defoe:Crystal Cody:Lauren Haynes:Rayid Ghani	Machine learning research typically focuses on optimization and testing on a few criteria, but deployment in a public policy setting requires more. Technical and non-technical deployment issues get relatively little attention. However, for machine learning models to have real-world benefit and impact, effective deployment is crucial. In this case study, we describe our implementation of a machine learning early intervention system (EIS) for police officers in the Charlotte-Mecklenburg (North Carolina) and Metropolitan Nashville (Tennessee) Police Departments. The EIS identifies officers at high risk of having an adverse incident, such as an unjustified use of force or sustained complaint. We deployed the same code base at both departments, which have different underlying data sources and data structures. Deployment required us to solve several new problems, covering technical implementation, governance of the system, the cost to use the system, and trust in the system. In this paper we describe how we addressed and solved several of these challenges and provide guidance and a framework of important issues to consider for future deployments.	Deploying Machine Learning Models for Public Policy: A Framework	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Deepak Agarwal:Kinjal Basu:Souvik Ghosh:Ying Xuan:Yang Yang:Liang Zhang	Web-based ranking problems involve ordering different kinds of items in a list or grid to be displayed in mediums like a website or a mobile app. In most cases, there are multiple objectives or metrics like clicks, viral actions, job applications, advertising revenue and others that we want to balance. Constructing a serving algorithm that achieves the desired tradeoff among multiple objectives is challenging, especially for more than two objectives. In addition, it is often not possible to estimate such a serving scheme using offline data alone for non-stationary systems with frequent online interventions. We consider a large-scale online application where metrics for multiple objectives are continuously available and can be controlled in a desired fashion by changing certain control parameters in the ranking model. We assume that the desired balance of metrics is known from business considerations. Our approach models the balance criteria as a composite utility function via a Gaussian process over the space of control parameters. We show that obtaining a solution can be equated to finding the maximum of the Gaussian process, practically obtainable via Bayesian optimization. However, implementing such a scheme for large-scale applications is challenging. We provide a novel framework to do so and illustrate its efficacy in the context of LinkedIn Feed. In particular, we show the effectiveness of our method by using both offline simulations as well as promising online A/B testing results. At the time of writing this paper, the method described was fully deployed on the LinkedIn Feed.	Online Parameter Selection for Web-based Ranking Problems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Samet Ayhan:Pablo Costas:Hanan Samet	Unprecedented growth is expected globally in commercial air traffic over the next ten years. To accommodate this increase in volume, a new concept of operations has been implemented in the context of the Next Generation Air Transportation System (NextGen) in the USA and the Single European Sky ATM Research (SESAR) in Europe. However, both of the systems approach airspace capacity and efficiency deterministically, failing to account for external operational circumstances which can directly affect the aircraft's actual flight profile. A major factor in increased airspace efficiency and capacity is accurate prediction of Estimated Time of Arrival (ETA) for commercial flights, which can be a challenging task due to a non-deterministic nature of environmental factors, and air traffic. Inaccurate prediction of ETA can cause potential safety risks and loss of resources for Air Navigation Service Providers (ANSP), airlines and passengers. In this paper, we present a novel ETA Prediction System for commercial flights. The system learns from historical trajectories and uses their pertinent 3D grid points to collect key features such as weather parameters, air traffic, and airport data along the potential flight path. The features are fed into various regression models and a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) and the best performing models with the most accurate ETA predictions are compared with the ETAs currently operational by the European ANSP, EUROCONTROL. Evaluations on an extensive set of real trajectory, weather, and airport data in Europe verify that our prediction system generates more accurate ETAs with a far smaller standard deviation than those of EUROCONTROL. This translates to smaller prediction windows of flight arrival times, thereby enabling airlines to make more cost-effective ground resource allocation and ANSPs to make more efficient flight schedules.	Predicting Estimated Time of Arrival for Commercial Flights	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tian Bai:Shanshan Zhang:Brian L. Egleston:Slobodan Vucetic	Various deep learning models have recently been applied to predictive modeling of Electronic Health Records (EHR). In medical claims data, which is a particular type of EHR data, each patient is represented as a sequence of temporally ordered irregularly sampled visits to health providers, where each visit is recorded as an unordered set of medical codes specifying patient's diagnosis and treatment provided during the visit. Based on the observation that different patient conditions have different temporal progression patterns, in this paper we propose a novel interpretable deep learning model, called Timeline. The main novelty of Timeline is that it has a mechanism that learns time decay factors for every medical code. This allows the Timeline to learn that chronic conditions have a longer lasting impact on future visits than acute conditions. Timeline also has an attention mechanism that improves vector embeddings of visits. By analyzing the attention weights and disease progression functions of Timeline, it is possible to interpret the predictions and understand how risks of future visits change over time. We evaluated Timeline on two large-scale real world data sets. The specific task was to predict what is the primary diagnosis category for the next hospital visit given previous visits. Our results show that Timeline has higher accuracy than the state of the art deep learning models based on RNN. In addition, we demonstrate that time decay factors and attentions learned by Timeline are in accord with the medical knowledge and that Timeline can provide a useful insight into its predictions.	Interpretable Representation Learning for Healthcare via Capturing Disease Progression through Time	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiao Bai:Erik Ordentlich:Yuanyuan Zhang:Andy Feng:Adwait Ratnaparkhi:Reena Somvanshi:Aldi Tjahjadi	Sponsored search has been the major source of revenue for commercial web search engines. It is crucial for a sponsored search engine to retrieve ads that are relevant to user queries to attract clicks as advertisers only pay when their ads get clicked. Retrieving relevant ads for a query typically involves in first matching related ads to the query and then filtering out irrelevant ones. Both require understanding the semantic relationship between a query and an ad. In this work, we propose a novel embedding of queries and ads in sponsored search. The query embeddings are generated from constituent word n-gram embeddings that are trained to optimize an event level word2vec objective over a large volume of search data. We show through a query rewriting task that the proposed query n-gram embedding model outperforms the state-of-the-art word embedding models for capturing query semantics. This allows us to apply the proposed query n-gram embedding model to improve query-ad matching and relevance in sponsored search. First, we use the similarity between a query and an ad derived from the query n-gram embeddings as an additional feature in the query-ad relevance model used in Yahoo Search. We show through online A/B test that using the new relevance model to filter irrelevant ads offline leads to 0.47% CTR and 0.32% revenue increase. Second, we propose a novel online query to ads matching system, built on an open-source big-data serving engine [30], using the learned query n-gram embeddings. Online A/B test shows that the new matching technique increases the search revenue by 2.32% as it significantly increases the ad coverage for tail queries.	Scalable Query N-Gram Embedding for Improving Matching and Relevance in Sponsored Search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rahul Bhagat:Srevatsan Muralidharan:Alex Lobzhanidze:Shankar Vishwanath	Repeat purchasing, i.e., a customer purchasing the same product multiple times, is a common phenomenon in retail. As more customers start purchasing consumable products (e.g., toothpastes, diapers, etc.) online, this phenomenon has also become prevalent in e-commerce. However, in January 2014, when we looked at popular e-commerce websites, we did not find any customer-facing features that recommended products to customers from their purchase history to promote repeat purchasing. Also, we found limited research about repeat purchase recommendations and none that deals with the large scale purchase data that e-commerce websites collect. In this paper, we present the approach we developed for modeling repeat purchase recommendations. This work has demonstrated over 7% increase in the product click through rate on the personalized recommendations page of the Amazon.com website and has resulted in the launch of several customer-facing features on the Amazon.com website, the Amazon mobile app, and other Amazon websites.	Buy It Again: Modeling Repeat Purchase Recommendations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fedor Borisyuk:Albert Gordo:Viswanath Sivakumar	In this paper we present a deployed, scalable optical character recognition (OCR) system, which we call Rosetta , designed to process images uploaded daily at Facebook scale. Sharing of image content has become one of the primary ways to communicate information among internet users within social networks such as Facebook, and the understanding of such media, including its textual information, is of paramount importance to facilitate search and recommendation applications. We present modeling techniques for efficient detection and recognition of text in images and describe Rosetta 's system architecture. We perform extensive evaluation of presented technologies, explain useful practical approaches to build an OCR system at scale, and provide insightful intuitions as to why and how certain components work based on the lessons learnt during the development and deployment of the system.	Rosetta: Large Scale System for Text Detection and Recognition in Images	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ã‚ngelo Cardoso:Fabio Daolio:SaÃºl Vargas	We describe a solution to tackle a common set of challenges in e-commerce, which arise from the fact that new products are continually being added to the catalogue. The challenges involve properly personalising the customer experience, forecasting demand and planning the product range. We argue that the foundational piece to solve all of these problems is having consistent and detailed information about each product, which is rarely available or consistent given the multitude of suppliers and types of products. We describe in detail the architecture and methodology implemented at ASOS, one of the world's largest fashion e-commerce retailers, to tackle this problem. We then show how this quantitative understanding of the products can be leveraged to improve recommendations in a hybrid recommender system approach.	Product Characterisation towards Personalisation: Learning Attributes from Unstructured Data to Recommend Fashion Products	NA:NA:NA	2018
Boyo Chen:Buo-Fu Chen:Hsuan-Tien Lin	Tropical cyclone (TC) is a type of severe weather systems that occur in tropical regions. Accurate estimation of TC intensity is crucial for disaster management. Moreover, the intensity estimation task is the key to understand and forecast the behavior of TCs better. Recently, the task has begun to attract attention from not only meteorologists but also data scientists. Nevertheless, it is hard to stimulate joint research between both types of scholars without a benchmark dataset to work on together. In this work, we release a such a benchmark dataset, which is a new open dataset collected from satellite remote sensing, for the TC-image-to-intensity estimation task. We also propose a novel model to solve this task based on the convolutional neural network (CNN). We discover that the usual CNN, which is mature for object recognition, requires several modifications when being used for the intensity estimation task. Furthermore, we combine the domain knowledge of meteorologists, such as the rotation-invariance of TCs, into our model design to reach better performance. Experimental results on the released benchmark dataset verify that the proposed model is among the most accurate models that can be used for TC intensity estimation, while being relatively more stable across all situations. The results demonstrate the potential of applying data science for meteorology study.	Rotation-blended CNNs on a New Open Dataset for Tropical Cyclone Image-to-intensity Regression	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chaochao Chen:Ziqi Liu:Peilin Zhao:Longfei Li:Jun Zhou:Xiaolong Li	Collaborative filtering, especially latent factor model, has been popularly used in personalized recommendation. Latent factor model aims to learn user and item latent factors from user-item historic behaviors. To apply it into real big data scenarios, efficiency becomes the first concern, including offline model training efficiency and online recommendation efficiency. In this paper, we propose a D istributed C ollaborative H ashing ( DCH ) model which can significantly improve both efficiencies. Specifically, we first propose a distributed learning framework, following the state-of-the-art parameter server paradigm, to learn the offline collaborative model. Our model can be learnt efficiently by distributedly computing subgradients in minibatches on workers and updating model parameters on servers asynchronously. We then adopt hashing technique to speedup the online recommendation procedure. Recommendation can be quickly made through exploiting lookup hash tables. We conduct thorough experiments on two real large-scale datasets. The experimental results demonstrate that, comparing with the classic and state-of-the-art (distributed) latent factor models, DCH has comparable performance in terms of recommendation accuracy but has both fast convergence speed in offline model training procedure and realtime efficiency in online recommendation procedure. Furthermore, the encouraging performance of DCH is also shown for several real-world applications in Ant Financial.	Distributed Collaborative Hashing and Its Applications in Ant Financial	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Haolan Chen:Fred X. Han:Di Niu:Dong Liu:Kunfeng Lai:Chenglin Wu:Yu Xu	Short Text Matching plays an important role in many natural language processing tasks such as information retrieval, question answering, and conversational system. Conventional text matching methods rely on predefined templates and rules, which are not applicable to short text with limited numebr of words and limit their ability to generalize to unobserved data. Many recent efforts have been made to apply deep neural network models to natural language processing tasks, which reduces the cost of feature engineering. In this paper, we present the design of Multi-Channel Information Crossing , a multi-channel convolutional neural network model for text matching, with additional attention mechanisms from sentence and text semantics. MIX compares text snippets at varied granularities to form a series of multi-channel similarity matrices, which are crossed with another set of carefully designed attention matrices to expose the rich structures of sentences to deep neural networks. We implemented MIX and deployed the system on Tencent's Venus distributed computation platform. Thanks to carefully engineered multi-channel information crossing, evaluation results suggest that MIX outperforms a wide range of state-of-the-art deep neural network models by at least 11.1% in terms of the normalized discounted cumulative gain ([emailÂ protected]), on the English WikiQA dataset. Moreover, we also performed online A/B tests with real users on the search service of Tencent QQ Browser. Results suggest that MIX raised the number of clicks on the returned results by 5.7%, due to an increased accuracy in query-document matching, which demonstrates the superior performance of MIX in production environments.	MIX: Multi-Channel Information Crossing for Text Matching	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xi Chen:Yiqun Liu:Liang Zhang:Krishnaram Kenthapadi	The LinkedIn Salary product was launched in late 2016 with the goal of providing insights on compensation distribution to job seekers, so that they can make more informed decisions when discovering and assessing career opportunities. The compensation insights are provided based on data collected from LinkedIn members and aggregated in a privacy-preserving manner. Given the simultaneous desire for computing robust, reliable insights and for having insights to satisfy as many job seekers as possible, a key challenge is to reliably infer the insights at the company level when there is limited or no data at all. We propose a two-step framework that utilizes a novel, semantic representation of companies (Company2vec) and a Bayesian statistical model to address this problem. Our approach makes use of the rich information present in the LinkedIn Economic Graph, and in particular, uses the intuition that two companies are likely to be similar if employees are very likely to transition from one company to the other and vice versa. We compute embeddings for companies by analyzing the LinkedIn members' company transition data using machine learning algorithms, then compute pairwise similarities between companies based on these embeddings, and finally incorporate company similarities in the form of peer company groups as part of the proposed Bayesian statistical model to predict insights at the company level. We perform extensive validation using several different evaluation techniques, and show that we can significantly increase the coverage of insights while, in fact, even slightly improving the quality of the obtained insights. For example, we were able to compute salary insights for 35 times as many title-region-company combinations in the U.S. as compared to previous work, corresponding to 4.9 times as many monthly active users. Finally, we highlight the lessons learned from practical deployment of our system.	How LinkedIn Economic Graph Bonds Information and Product: Applications in LinkedIn Salary	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xumin Chen:Peng Cui:Lingling Yi:Shiqiang Yang	A dataset which is highly-dynamic and recency-sensitive means new data are generated in high volumes with a fast speed and of higher priority for the subsequent applications. Embedding technique is a popular research topic in recent years which aims to represent any data into low-dimensional vector space, which is widely used in different data types and have multiple applications. Generating embeddings on such data in a high-speed way is a challenging problem to consider the high dynamics and the recency sensitiveness together with both effectiveness and efficient. Popular embedding methods are usually time-consuming. As well as the common optimization methods are limited since it may not have enough time to converge or deal with recency-sensitive sample weights. This problem is still an open problem. In this paper, we propose a novel optimization method named Diffused Stochastic Gradient Descent for such highly-dynamic and recency-sensitive data. The notion of our idea is to assign recency-sensitive weights to different samples, and select samples according to their weights in calculating gradients. And after updating the embedding of the selected sample, the related samples are also updated in a diffusion strategy. We propose a Nested Segment Tree to improve the recency-sensitive weight method and the diffusion strategy into a complexity no slower than the iteration step in practice. We also theoretically prove the convergence rate of D-SGD for independent data samples, and empirically prove the efficacy of D-SGD in large-scale real datasets.	Scalable Optimization for Embedding Highly-Dynamic and Recency-Sensitive Data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Konstantina Christakopoulou:Alex Beutel:Rui Li:Sagar Jain:Ed H. Chi	Recommendation systems, prevalent in many applications, aim to surface to users the right content at the right time. Recently, researchers have aspired to develop conversational systems that offer seamless interactions with users, more effectively eliciting user preferences and offering better recommendations. Taking a step towards this goal, this paper explores the two stages of a single round of conversation with a user: which question to ask the user, and how to use their feedback to respond with a more accurate recommendation. Following these two stages, first, we detail an RNN-based model for generating topics a user might be interested in, and then extend a state-of-the-art RNN-based video recommender to incorporate the user's selected topic. We describe our proposed system Q&R, i.e., Question & Recommendation, and the surrogate tasks we utilize to bootstrap data for training our models. We evaluate different components of Q&R on live traffic in various applications within YouTube: User Onboarding, Homepage Recommendation, and Notifications. Our results demonstrate that our approach improves upon state-of-the-art recommendation models, including RNNs, and makes these applications more useful, such as a >1% increase in video notifications opened. Further, our design choices can be useful to practitioners wanting to transition to more conversational recommendation systems.	Q&R: A Two-Stage Approach toward Interactive Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jonathan Chung:Sarah A. Chau:Nathan Herrmann:Krista L. LanctÃ´t:Moshe Eizenman	Assessment of apathy in patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD) relies heavily on interviews with caregivers and patients, which can be ambiguous and time consuming. More precise and objective methods of evaluation can better inform treatment decisions. In this study, visual scanning behaviours (VSBs) on emotional and non-emotional stimuli were used to detect apathy in patients with AD. Forty-eight AD patients participated in the study. Sixteen of the patients were apathetic. Patients looked at 48 slides with non-emotional images and 32 slides with emotional images. We described two methods that use recurrent neural networks (RNNs) to learn differences between the VSBs of apathetic and non-apathetic AD patients. Method 1 uses two separate RNNs to learn group differences between visual scanning sequences on emotional and non-emotional stimuli. The outputs of the RNNs are then combined and used by a logistic regression classifier to characterise patients as either apathetic or non-apathetic. Method 1 achieved an AUC gain of 0.074 compared to a previously presented handcrafted feature method of detecting emotional blunting (AUC handcrafted = 0.646). Method 2 assumes that each individual's "style of scanning" (stereotypical eye movements) is independent of the content of the visual stimuli and uses the "style of scanning" to normalise the individual's VSBs on emotional and non-emotional stimuli. Method 2 uses RNNs in a sequence-to-sequence configuration to learn the individual's "style of scanning". The trained model is then used to create vector representations that contain information on the individual's "style of scanning" (content independent) and her/his VSBs (content dependent) on emotional and non-emotional stimuli. The distance between these vector representations is used by a logistic regression classifier to characterise patients as either apathetic or non-apathetic. Using Method 2 the AUC of the classifier improved to 0.814. The results presented suggest that using RNNs to analyse differences between VSBs on emotional and non-emotional stimuli (a measure of emotional blunting) can improve objective detection of apathy in individual patients with AD.	Detection of Apathy in Alzheimer Patients by Analysing Visual Scanning Behaviour with RNNs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Giovanni Comarela:Ramakrishnan Durairajan:Paul Barford:Dino Christenson:Mark Crovella	Predicting election outcomes is of considerable interest to candidates, political scientists, and the public at large. We propose the use of Web browsing history as a new indicator of candidate preference among the electorate, one that has potential to overcome a number of the drawbacks of election polls. However, there are a number of challenges that must be overcome to effectively use Web browsing for assessing candidate preference - including the lack of suitable ground truth data and the heterogeneity of user populations in time and space. We address these challenges, and show that the resulting methods can shed considerable light on the dynamics of voters' candidate preferences in ways that are difficult to achieve using polls.	Assessing Candidate Preference through Web Browsing History	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Conover:Matthew Hayes:Scott Blackburn:Pete Skomoroch:Sam Shah	Entity linking is the task of mapping potentially ambiguous terms in text to their constituent entities in a knowledge base like Wikipedia. This is useful for organizing content, extracting structured data from textual documents, and in machine learning relevance applications like semantic search, knowledge graph construction, and question answering. Traditionally, this work has focused on text that has been well-formed, like news articles, but in common real world datasets such as messaging, resumes, or short-form social media, non-grammatical, loosely-structured text adds a new dimension to this problem. This paper presents Pangloss, a production system for entity disambiguation on noisy text. Pangloss combines a probabilistic linear-time key phrase identification algorithm with a semantic similarity engine based on context-dependent document embeddings to achieve better than state-of-the-art results (>5% in F1) compared to other research or commercially available systems. In addition, Pangloss leverages a local embedded database with a tiered architecture to house its statistics and metadata, which allows rapid disambiguation in streaming contexts and on-device disambiguation in low-memory environments such as mobile phones.	Pangloss: Fast Entity Linking in Noisy Text Environments	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Joel Janek Dabrowski:Ashfaqur Rahman:Andrew George:Stuart Arnold:John McCulloch	A novel approach to deterministic modelling of diurnal water quality parameters in aquaculture prawn ponds is presented. The purpose is to provide assistance to prawn pond farmers in monitoring pond water quality with limited data. Obtaining sufficient water quality data is generally a challenge in commercial prawn farming applications. Farmers can sustain large losses in their crop if water quality is not well managed. The model presented provides a means for modelling and forecasting various water quality parameters. It is inspired by data dynamics and does not rely on physical ecosystem modelling. The model is constructed within the Bayesian filtering framework. The Kalman filter and the unscented Kalman filer are applied for inference. The results demonstrate generalisability to both variables and environments. The ability for short term forecasting with mean absolute percentage errors between 0.5% and 11% is demonstrated.	State Space Models for Forecasting Water Quality Variables: An Application in Aquaculture Prawn Farming	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Maria Daltayanni:Ali Dasdan:Luca de Alfaro	Selecting the right audience for an advertising campaign is one of the most challenging, time-consuming and costly steps in the advertising process. To target the right audience, advertisers usually have two options: a) market research to identify user segments of interest and b) sophisticated machine learning models trained on data from past campaigns. In this paper we study how demand-side platforms (DSPs) can leverage the data they collect (demographic and behavioral) in order to learn reputation signals about end user convertibility and advertisement (ad) quality. In particular, we propose a reputation system which learns interest scores about end users, as an additional signal of ad conversion, and quality scores about ads, as a signal of campaign success. Then our model builds user segments based on a combination of demographic, behavioral and the new reputation signals and recommends transparent targeting rules that are easy for the advertiser to interpret and refine. We perform an experimental evaluation on industry data that showcases the benefits of our approach for both new and existing advertiser campaigns.	Automated Audience Segmentation Using Reputation Signals	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nilaksh Das:Madhuri Shanbhogue:Shang-Tse Chen:Fred Hohman:Siwei Li:Li Chen:Michael E. Kounavis:Duen Horng Chau	The rapidly growing body of research in adversarial machine learning has demonstrated that deep neural networks (DNNs) are highly vulnerable to adversarially generated images. This underscores the urgent need for practical defense techniques that can be readily deployed to combat attacks in real-time. Observing that many attack strategies aim to perturb image pixels in ways that are visually imperceptible, we place JPEG compression at the core of our proposed SHIELD defense framework, utilizing its capability to effectively "compress away" such pixel manipulation. To immunize a DNN model from artifacts introduced by compression, SHIELD "vaccinates" the model by retraining it with compressed images, where different compression levels are applied to generate multiple vaccinated models that are ultimately used together in an ensemble defense. On top of that, SHIELD adds an additional layer of protection by employing randomization at test time that compresses different regions of an image using random compression levels, making it harder for an adversary to estimate the transformation performed. This novel combination of vaccination, ensembling, and randomization makes SHIELD a fortified multi-pronged defense. We conducted extensive, large-scale experiments using the ImageNet dataset, and show that our approaches eliminate up to 98% of gray-box attacks delivered by strong adversarial techniques such as Carlini-Wagner's L2 attack and DeepFool. Our approaches are fast and work without requiring knowledge about the model.	SHIELD: Fast, Practical Defense and Vaccination for Deep Learning using JPEG Compression	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Heidar Davoudi:Aijun An:Morteza Zihayat:Gordon Edall	Many online news agencies utilize the paywall mechanism to increase reader subscriptions. This method offers a non-subscribed reader a fixed number of free articles in a period of time (e.g., a month), and then directs the user to the subscription page for further reading. We argue that there is no direct relationship between the number of paywalls presented to readers and the number of subscriptions, and that this artificial barrier, if not used well, may disengage potential subscribers and thus may not well serve its purpose of increasing revenue. Moreover, the current paywall mechanism neither considers the user browsing history nor the potential articles which the user may visit in the future. Thus, it treats all readers equally and does not consider the potential of a reader in becoming a subscriber. In this paper, we propose an adaptive paywall mechanism to balance the benefit of showing an article against that of displaying the paywall (i.e., terminating the session). We first define the notion of cost and utility that are used to define an objective function for optimal paywall decision making. Then, we model the problem as a stochastic sequential decision process. Finally, we propose an efficient policy function for paywall decision making. The experimental results on a real dataset from a major newspaper in Canada show that the proposed model outperforms the traditional paywall mechanism as well as the other baselines.	Adaptive Paywall Mechanism for Digital News Media	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel de Roux:Boris Perez:AndrÃ©s Moreno:Maria del Pilar Villamil:CÃ©sar Figueroa	Tax fraud is the intentional act of lying on a tax return form with intent to lower one's tax liability. Under-reporting is one of the most common types of tax fraud, it consists in filling a tax return form with a lesser tax base. As a result of this act, fiscal revenues are reduced, undermining public investment. Detecting tax fraud is one of the main priorities of local tax authorities which are required to develop cost-efficient strategies to tackle this problem. Most of the recent works in tax fraud detection are based on supervised machine learning techniques that make use of labeled or audit-assisted data. Regrettably, auditing tax declarations is a slow and costly process, therefore access to labeled historical information is extremely limited. For this reason, the applicability of supervised machine learning techniques for tax fraud detection is severely hindered. Such limitations motivate the contribution of this work. We present a novel approach for the detection of potential fraudulent tax payers using only unsupervised learning techniques and allowing the future use of supervised learning techniques. We demonstrate the ability of our model to identify under-reporting taxpayers on real tax payment declarations, reducing the number of potential fraudulent tax payers to audit. The obtained results demonstrate that our model doesn't miss on marking declarations as suspicious and labels previously undetected tax declarations as suspicious, increasing the operational efficiency in the tax supervision process without needing historic labeled data.	Tax Fraud Detection for Under-Reporting Declarations Using an Unsupervised Machine Learning Approach	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tom Decroos:Jan Van Haaren:Jesse Davis	Sports teams are nowadays collecting huge amounts of data from training sessions and matches. The teams are becoming increasingly interested in exploiting these data to gain a competitive advantage over their competitors. One of the most prevalent types of new data is event stream data from matches. These data enable more advanced descriptive analysis as well as the potential to investigate an opponent's tactics in greater depth. Due to the complexity of both the data and game strategy, most tactical analyses are currently performed by humans reviewing video and scouting matches in person. As a result, this is a time-consuming and tedious process. This paper explores the problem of automatic tactics detection from event-stream data collected from professional soccer matches. We highlight several important challenges that these data and this problem setting pose. We describe a data-driven approach for identifying patterns of movement that account for both spatial and temporal information which represent potential offensive tactics. We evaluate our approach on the 2015/2016 season of the English Premier League and are able to identify interesting strategies per team related to goal kicks, corners and set pieces.	Automatic Discovery of Tactics in Spatio-Temporal Soccer Match Data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Alex Deng:Ulf Knoblich:Jiannan Lu	During the last decade, the information technology industry has adopted a data-driven culture, relying on online metrics to measure and monitor business performance. Under the setting of big data, the majority of such metrics approximately follow normal distributions, opening up potential opportunities to model them directly without extra model assumptions and solve big data problems via closed-form formulas using distributed algorithms at a fraction of the cost of simulation-based procedures like bootstrap. However, certain attributes of the metrics, such as their corresponding data generating processes and aggregation levels, pose numerous challenges for constructing trustworthy estimation and inference procedures. Motivated by four real-life examples in metric development and analytics for large-scale A/B testing, we provide a practical guide to applying the Delta method, one of the most important tools from the classic statistics literature, to address the aforementioned challenges. We emphasize the central role of the Delta method in metric analytics by highlighting both its classic and novel applications.	Applying the Delta Method in Metric Analytics: A Practical Guide with Novel Ideas	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tom Diethe:Mike Holmes:Meelis Kull:Miquel Perello Nieto:Kacper Sokol:Hao Song:Emma Tonkin:Niall Twomey:Peter Flach	The SPHERE project is devoted to advancing eHealth in a smart-home context, and supports full-scale sensing and data analysis to enable a generic healthcare service. We describe, from a data-science perspective, our experience of taking the system out of the laboratory into more than thirty homes in Bristol, UK. We describe the infrastructure and processes that had to be developed along the way, describe how we train and deploy Machine Learning systems in this context, and give a realistic appraisal of the state of the deployed systems.	Releasing eHealth Analytics into the Wild: Lessons Learnt from the SPHERE Project	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yujie Fan:Shifu Hou:Yiming Zhang:Yanfang Ye:Melih Abdulhayoglu	Due to its severe damages and threats to the security of the Internet and computing devices, malware detection has caught the attention of both anti-malware industry and researchers for decades. To combat the evolving malware attacks, in this paper, we first study how to utilize both content- and relation-based features to characterize sly malware; to model different types of entities (i.e., file, archive, machine, API, DLL ) and the rich semantic relationships among them (i.e., file-archive, file-machine, file-file, API-DLL, file-API relations), we then construct a structural heterogeneous information network (HIN) and present meta-graph based approach to depict the relatedness over files. To measure the relatedness over files on the constructed HIN, since malware detection is a cost-sensitive task, it calls for efficient methods to learn latent representations for HIN. To address this challenge, based on the built meta-graph schemes, we propose a new HIN embedding model metagraph2vec on the first attempt to learn the low-dimensional representations for the nodes in HIN, where both the HIN structures and semantics are maximally preserved for malware detection. A comprehensive experimental study on the real sample collections from Comodo Cloud Security Center is performed to compare various malware detection approaches. The promising experimental results demonstrate that our developed system Scorpion which integrate our proposed method outperforms other alternative malware detection techniques. The developed system has already been incorporated into the scanning tool of Comodo Antivirus product.	Gotcha - Sly Malware!: Scorpion A Metagraph2vec Based Malware Detection System	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Donatella Firmani:Marco Maiorino:Paolo Merialdo:Elena Nieddu	In Codice Ratio is a research project to study tools and techniques for analyzing the contents of historical documents conserved in the Vatican Secret Archives (VSA). In this paper, we present our efforts to develop a system to support the transcription of medieval manuscripts. The goal is to provide paleographers with a tool to reduce their efforts in transcribing large volumes, as those stored in the VSA, producing good transcriptions for significant portions of the manuscripts. We propose an original approach based on character segmentation. Our solution is able to deal with the dirty segmentation that inevitably occurs in handwritten documents. We use a convolutional neural network to recognize characters, and statistical language models to compose word transcriptions. Our approach requires minimal training effort, making the transcription process more scalable, as the production of training sets requires a few pages and can be easily crowdsourced. We have conducted experiments on manuscripts from the Vatican Registers, an unreleased corpus containing the correspondence of the popes. With training data produced by 120 high school students, our system has been able to produce good transcriptions that can be used by paleographers as a solid basis to speedup the transcription process at a large scale.	Towards Knowledge Discovery from the Vatican Secret Archives. In Codice Ratio - Episode 1: Machine Transcription of the Manuscripts.	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Keith Funkhouser:Matthew Malloy:Enis Ceyhun Alp:Phillip Poon:Paul Barford	Datasets that organize and associate the many identifiers produced by PCs, smartphones, and tablets accessing the internet are referred to as internet device graphs . In this paper, we demonstrate how measurement, tracking, and other internet entities can associate multiple identifiers with a single device or user after coarse associations, e.g ., based on IP-colocation , are made. We employ a Bayesian similarity algorithm that relies on examples of pairs of identifiers and their associated telemetry, including user agent, screen size, and domains visited, to establish pair-wise scores. Community detection algorithms are applied to group identifiers that belong to the same device or user. We train and validate our methodology using a unique dataset collected from a client panel with full visibility, apply it to a dataset of 700 million device identifiers collected over the course of six weeks in the United States, and show that it outperforms several unsupervised learning approaches. Results show mean precision and recall exceeding 90% for association of identifiers at both the device and user levels.	Device Graphing by Example	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yan Gao:Viral Gupta:Jinyun Yan:Changji Shi:Zhongen Tao:PJ Xiao:Curtis Wang:Shipeng Yu:Romer Rosales:Ajith Muralidharan:Shaunak Chatterjee	In recent years, social media applications (e.g., Facebook, LinkedIn) have created mobile applications (apps) to give their members instant and real-time access from anywhere. To keep members informed and drive timely engagement, these mobile apps send event notifications. However, sending notifications for every possible event would result in too many notifications which would in turn annoy members and create a poor member experience. In this paper, we present our strategy of optimizing notifications to balance various utilities (e.g., engagement, send volume) by formulating the problem using constrained optimization. To guarantee freshness of notifications, we implement the solution in a stream computing system in which we make multi-channel send decisions in near real-time. Through online A/B test results, we show the effectiveness of our proposed approach on tens of millions of members.	Near Real-time Optimization of Activity-based Notifications	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alex Gittens:Kai Rothauge:Shusen Wang:Michael W. Mahoney:Lisa Gerhardt:Prabhat:Jey Kottalam:Michael Ringenburg:Kristyn Maschhoff	Apache Spark is a popular system aimed at the analysis of large data sets, but recent studies have shown that certain computations---in particular, many linear algebra computations that are the basis for solving common machine learning problems---are significantly slower in Spark than when done using libraries written in a high-performance computing framework such as the Message-Passing Interface (MPI). To remedy this, we introduce Alchemist, a system designed to call MPI-based libraries from Apache Spark. Using Alchemist with Spark helps accelerate linear algebra, machine learning, and related computations, while still retaining the benefits of working within the Spark environment. We discuss the motivation behind the development of Alchemist, and we provide a brief overview of its design and implementation. We also compare the performances of pure Spark implementations with those of Spark implementations that leverage MPI-based codes via Alchemist. To do so, we use data science case studies: a large-scale application of the conjugate gradient method to solve very large linear systems arising in a speech classification problem, where we see an improvement of an order of magnitude; and the truncated singular value decomposition (SVD) of a 400GB three-dimensional ocean temperature data set, where we see a speedup of up to 7.9x. We also illustrate that the truncated SVD computation is easily scalable to terabyte-sized data by applying it to data sets of sizes up to 17.6TB.	Accelerating Large-Scale Data Analysis by Offloading to High-Performance Computing Libraries using Alchemist	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Garrett B. Goh:Charles Siegel:Abhinav Vishnu:Nathan Hodas	With access to large datasets, deep neural networks (DNN) have achieved human-level accuracy in image and speech recognition tasks. However, in chemistry data is inherently small and fragmented. In this work, we develop an approach of using rule-based knowledge for training ChemNet, a transferable and generalizable deep neural network for chemical property prediction that learns in a weak-supervised manner from large unlabeled chemical databases. When coupled with transfer learning approaches to predict other smaller datasets for chemical properties that it was not originally trained on, we show that ChemNet's accuracy outperforms contemporary DNN models that were trained using conventional supervised learning. Furthermore, we demonstrate that the ChemNet pre-training approach is equally effective on both CNN (Chemception) and RNN (SMILES2vec) models, indicating that this approach is network architecture agnostic and is effective across multiple data modalities. Our results indicate a pre-trained ChemNet that incorporates chemistry domain knowledge and enables the development of generalizable neural networks for more accurate prediction of novel chemical properties.	Using Rule-Based Labels for Weak Supervised Learning: A ChemNet for Transferable Chemical Property Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mihajlo Grbovic:Haibin Cheng	Search Ranking and Recommendations are fundamental problems of crucial interest to major Internet companies, including web search engines, content publishing websites and marketplaces. However, despite sharing some common characteristics a one-size-fits-all solution does not exist in this space. Given a large difference in content that needs to be ranked, personalized and recommended, each marketplace has a somewhat unique challenge. Correspondingly, at Airbnb, a short-term rental marketplace, search and recommendation problems are quite unique, being a two-sided marketplace in which one needs to optimize for host and guest preferences, in a world where a user rarely consumes the same item twice and one listing can accept only one guest for a certain set of dates. In this paper we describe Listing and User Embedding techniques we developed and deployed for purposes of Real-time Personalization in Search Ranking and Similar Listing Recommendations, two channels that drive 99% of conversions. The embedding models were specifically tailored for Airbnb marketplace, and are able to capture guest's short-term and long-term interests, delivering effective home listing recommendations. We conducted rigorous offline testing of the embedding models, followed by successful online tests before fully deploying them into production.	Real-time Personalization using Embeddings for Search Ranking at Airbnb	NA:NA	2018
Mengyue Hang:Ian Pytlarz:Jennifer Neville	With the availability of vast amounts of user visitation history on location-based social networks (LBSN), the problem of Point-of- Interest (POI) prediction has been extensively studied. However, much of the research has been conducted solely on voluntary check-in datasets collected from social apps such as Foursquare or Yelp. While these data contain rich information about recreational activities (e.g., restaurants, nightlife, and entertainment), information about more prosaic aspects of people's lives is sparse. is not only limits our understanding of users' daily routines, but more importantly the modeling assumptions developed based on characteristics of recreation-based data may not be suitable for richer check-in data. In this work, we present an analysis of education "check-in" data using WiFi access logs collected at Purdue University. We propose a heterogeneous graph-based method to encode the correlations between users, POIs, and activities, and then jointly learn embeddings for the vertices. We evaluate our method compared to previous state-of-the-art POI prediction methods, and show that the assumptions made by previous methods signicantly degrade performance on our data with dense(r) activity signals. We also show how our learned embeddings could be used to identify similar students (e.g., for friend suggestions).	Exploring Student Check-In Behavior for Improved Point-of-Interest Prediction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shahar Harel:Kira Radinsky	Designing a new drug is a lengthy and expensive process. As the space of potential molecules is very large (10 23 - 10 60 ), a common technique during drug discovery is to start from a molecule which already has some of the desired properties. An interdisciplinary team of scientists generates hypothesis about the required changes to the prototype. In this work, we develop an algorithmic unsupervised-approach that automatically generates potential drug molecules given a prototype drug. We show that the molecules generated by the system are valid molecules and significantly different from the prototype drug. Out of the compounds generated by the system, we identified 35 FDA-approved drugs. As an example, our system generated Isoniazid - one of the main drugs for Tuberculosis. The system is currently being deployed for use in collaboration with pharmaceutical companies to further analyze the additional generated molecules.	Accelerating Prototype-Based Drug Discovery using Conditional Diversity Networks	NA:NA	2018
Tianfu He:Jie Bao:Ruiyuan Li:Sijie Ruan:Yanhua Li:Chao Tian:Yu Zheng	Illegal vehicle parking is a common urban problem faced by major cities in the world, as it incurs traffic jams, which lead to air pollution and traffic accidents. Traditional approaches to detect illegal vehicle parking events rely highly on active human efforts, e.g., police patrols or surveillance cameras. However, these approaches are extremely ineffective to cover a large city. The massive and high quality sharing bike trajectories from Mobike offer us with a unique opportunity to design a ubiquitous illegal parking detection system, as most of the illegal parking events happen at curbsides and have significant impact on the bike users. Two main components are employed to mine the trajectories in our system: 1)~trajectory pre-processing, which filters outlier GPS points, performs map-matching and builds indexes for bike trajectories; and 2)~illegal parking detection, which models the normal trajectories, extracts features from the evaluation trajectories and utilizes a distribution test-based method to discover the illegal parking events. The system is deployed on the cloud internally used by Mobike. Finally, extensive experiments and many insightful case studies based on the massive trajectories in Beijing are presented.	Detecting Vehicle Illegal Parking Events using Sharing Bikes' Trajectories	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anthony Hu:Seth Flaxman	We propose a novel approach to multimodal sentiment analysis using deep neural networks combining visual analysis and natural language processing. Our goal is different than the standard sentiment analysis goal of predicting whether a sentence expresses positive or negative sentiment; instead, we aim to infer the latent emotional state of the user. Thus, we focus on predicting the emotion word tags attached by users to their Tumblr posts, treating these as "self-reported emotions." We demonstrate that our multimodal model combining both text and image features outperforms separate models based solely on either images or text. Our model's results are interpretable, automatically yielding sensible word lists associated with emotions. We explore the structure of emotions implied by our model and compare it to what has been posited in the psychology literature, and validate our model on a set of images that have been used in psychology studies. Finally, our work also provides a useful tool for the growing academic study of images - both photographs and memes - on social networks.	Multimodal Sentiment Analysis To Explore the Structure of Emotions	NA:NA	2018
Houdong Hu:Yan Wang:Linjun Yang:Pavel Komlev:Li Huang:Xi (Stephen) Chen:Jiapei Huang:Ye Wu:Meenaz Merchant:Arun Sacheti	In this paper, we introduce a web-scale general visual search system deployed in Microsoft Bing. The system accommodates tens of billions of images in the index, with thousands of features for each image, and can respond in less than 200 ms. In order to overcome the challenges in relevance, latency, and scalability in such large scale of data, we employ a cascaded learning-to-rank framework based on various latest deep learning visual features, and deploy in a distributed heterogeneous computing platform. Quantitative and qualitative experiments show that our system is able to support various applications on Bing website and apps.	Web-Scale Responsive Visual Search at Bing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yujing Hu:Qing Da:Anxiang Zeng:Yang Yu:Yinghui Xu	In E-commerce platforms such as Amazon and TaoBao , ranking items in a search session is a typical multi-step decision-making problem. Learning to rank (LTR) methods have been widely applied to ranking problems. However, such methods often consider different ranking steps in a session to be independent, which conversely may be highly correlated to each other. For better utilizing the correlation between different ranking steps, in this paper, we propose to use reinforcement learning (RL) to learn an optimal ranking policy which maximizes the expected accumulative rewards in a search session. Firstly, we formally define the concept of search session Markov decision process (SSMDP) to formulate the multi-step ranking problem. Secondly, we analyze the property of SSMDP and theoretically prove the necessity of maximizing accumulative rewards. Lastly, we propose a novel policy gradient algorithm for learning an optimal ranking policy, which is able to deal with the problem of high reward variance and unbalanced reward distribution of an SSMDP. Experiments are conducted in simulation and TaoBao search engine. The results demonstrate that our algorithm performs much better than the state-of-the-art LTR methods, with more than 40% and 30% growth of total transaction amount in the simulation and the real application, respectively.	Reinforcement Learning to Rank in E-Commerce Search Engine: Formalization, Analysis, and Application	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pierre Hulot:Daniel Aloise:Sanjay Dominik Jena	Bike sharing systems continue gaining worldwide popularity as they offer benefits on various levels, from society to environment. Given that those systems tend to be unbalanced along time, bikes are typically redistributed throughout the day to better meet the demand. Reasonably accurate demand prediction is key to effective redistribution; however, it is has received only little attention in the literature. In this paper, we focus on predicting the hourly demand for demand rentals and returns at each station of the system. The proposed model uses temporal and weather features to predict demand mean and variance. It first extracts the main traffic behaviors from the stations. These simplified behaviors are then predicted and used to perform station-level predictions based on machine learning and statistical inference techniques. We then focus on determining decision intervals, which are often used by bike sharing companies for their online rebalancing operations. Our models are validated on a two-year period of real data from BIXI MontrÃ©al. A worst-case analysis suggests that the intervals generated by our models may decrease unsatisfied demands by 30% when compared to the current methodology employed in practice.	Towards Station-Level Demand Prediction for Effective Rebalancing in Bike-Sharing Systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kyle Hundman:Valentino Constantinou:Christopher Laporte:Ian Colwell:Tom Soderstrom	As spacecraft send back increasing amounts of telemetry data, improved anomaly detection systems are needed to lessen the monitoring burden placed on operations engineers and reduce operational risk. Current spacecraft monitoring systems only target a subset of anomaly types and often require costly expert knowledge to develop and maintain due to challenges involving scale and complexity. We demonstrate the effectiveness of Long Short-Term Memory (LSTMs) networks, a type of Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), in overcoming these issues using expert-labeled telemetry anomaly data from the Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) satellite and the Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) rover, Curiosity. We also propose a complementary unsupervised and nonparametric anomaly thresholding approach developed during a pilot implementation of an anomaly detection system for SMAP, and offer false positive mitigation strategies along with other key improvements and lessons learned during development.	Detecting Spacecraft Anomalies Using LSTMs and Nonparametric Dynamic Thresholding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Srinivasan Iyengar:Stephen Lee:David Irwin:Prashant Shenoy:Benjamin Weil	Buildings consume over 40% of the total energy in modern societies and improving their energy efficiency can significantly reduce our energy footprint. In this paper, we present WattHome, a data-driven approach to identify the least energy efficient buildings from a large population of buildings in a city or a region. Unlike previous approaches such as least squares that use point estimates, WattHome uses Bayesian inference to capture the stochasticity in the daily energy usage by estimating the parameter distribution of a building. Further, it compares them with similar homes in a given population using widely available datasets. WattHome also incorporates a fault detection algorithm to identify the underlying causes of energy inefficiency. We validate our approach using ground truth data from different geographical locations, which showcases its applicability in different settings. Moreover, we present results from a case study from a city containing >10,000 buildings and show that more than half of the buildings are inefficient in one way or another indicating a significant potential from energy improvement measures. Additionally, we provide probable cause of inefficiency and find that 41%, 23.73%, and 0.51% homes have poor building envelope, heating, and cooling system faults respectively.	WattHome: A Data-driven Approach for Energy Efficiency Analytics at City-scale	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vijay Manikandan Janakiraman	Although aviation accidents are rare, safety incidents occur more frequently and require a careful analysis to detect and mitigate risks in a timely manner. Analyzing safety incidents using operational data and producing event-based explanations is invaluable to airline companies as well as to governing organizations such as the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in the United States. However, this task is challenging because of the complexity involved in mining multi-dimensional heterogeneous time series data, the lack of time-step-wise annotation of events in a flight, and the lack of scalable tools to perform analysis over a large number of events. In this work, we propose a precursor mining algorithm that identifies events in the multidimensional time series that are correlated with the safety incident. Precursors are valuable to systems health and safety monitoring and in explaining and forecasting safety incidents. Current methods suffer from poor scalability to high dimensional time series data and are inefficient in capturing temporal behavior. We propose an approach by combining multiple-instance learning (MIL) and deep recurrent neural networks (DRNN) to take advantage of MIL's ability to learn using weakly supervised data and DRNN's ability to model temporal behavior. We describe the algorithm, the data, the intuition behind taking a MIL approach, and a comparative analysis of the proposed algorithm with baseline models. We also discuss the application to a real-world aviation safety problem using data from a commercial airline company and discuss the model's abilities and shortcomings, with some final remarks about possible deployment directions.	Explaining Aviation Safety Incidents Using Deep Temporal Multiple Instance Learning	NA	2018
GrÃ©goire Jauvion:Nicolas Grislain	In this paper, we consider the problem of optimizing the revenue a web publisher gets through real-time bidding (i.e. from ads sold in real-time auctions) and direct (i.e. from ads sold through contracts agreed in advance). We consider a setting where the publisher is able to bid in the real-time bidding auction for each impression. If it wins the auction, it chooses a direct campaign to deliver and displays the corresponding ad. This paper presents an algorithm to build an optimal strategy for the publisher to deliver its direct campaigns while maximizing its real-time bidding revenue. The optimal strategy gives a formula to determine the publisher bid as well as a way to choose the direct campaign being delivered if the publisher bidder wins the auction, depending on the impression characteristics. The optimal strategy can be estimated on past auctions data. The algorithm scales with the number of campaigns and the size of the dataset. This is a very important feature, as in practice a publisher may have thousands of active direct campaigns at the same time and would like to estimate an optimal strategy on billions of auctions. The algorithm is a key component of a system which is being developed, and which will be deployed on thousands of web publishers worldwide, helping them to serve efficiently billions of ads a day to hundreds of millions of visitors.	Optimal Allocation of Real-Time-Bidding and Direct Campaigns	NA:NA	2018
GrÃ©goire Jauvion:Nicolas Grislain:Pascal Dkengne Sielenou:AurÃ©lien Garivier:SÃ©bastien Gerchinovitz	Over the last decade, digital media (web or app publishers) generalized the use of real time ad auctions to sell their ad spaces. Multiple auction platforms, also called Supply-Side Platforms (SSP), were created. Because of this multiplicity, publishers started to create competition between SSPs. In this setting, there are two successive auctions: a second price auction in each SSP and a secondary, first price auction, called header bidding auction, between SSPs. In this paper, we consider an SSP competing with other SSPs for ad spaces. The SSP acts as an intermediary between an advertiser wanting to buy ad spaces and a web publisher wanting to sell its ad spaces, and needs to define a bidding strategy to be able to deliver to the advertisers as many ads as possible while spending as little as possible. The revenue optimization of this SSP can be written as a contextual bandit problem, where the context consists of the information available about the ad opportunity, such as properties of the internet user or of the ad placement. Using classical multi-armed bandit strategies (such as the original versions of UCB and EXP3) is inefficient in this setting and yields a low convergence speed, as the arms are very correlated. In this paper we design and experiment a version of the Thompson Sampling algorithm that easily takes this correlation into account. We combine this bayesian algorithm with a particle filter, which permits to handle non-stationarity by sequentially estimating the distribution of the highest bid to beat in order to win an auction. We apply this methodology on two real auction datasets, and show that it significantly outperforms more classical approaches. The strategy defined in this paper is being developed to be deployed on thousands of publishers worldwide.	Optimization of a SSP's Header Bidding Strategy using Thompson Sampling	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Prerna Khurana:Puneet Agarwal:Gautam Shroff:Lovekesh Vig	Recent proliferation of conversational systems has resulted in an increased demand for more natural dialogue systems, capable of more sophisticated interactions than merely providing factual answers. This is evident from usage pattern of a conversational system deployed within our organization. Users not only expect it to perform co-reference resolution of anaphora, but also of the antecedent or posterior facts presented by users with respect to their query. Presence of such facts in a conversation sometimes modifies the answer of main query, e.g., answer to 'how many sick leave do I get?' would be different when a fact 'I am on contract' is also present. Sometimes there is a need to collectively resolve three or four such facts. In this paper, we propose a novel solution which uses hierarchical neural network, comprising of BiLSTM layer and a maxpool layer that is hierarchically stacked to first obtain a representation of each user utterance and then to obtain a representation for sequence of utterances. This representation is used to identify users' intention. We also improvise this model by using skip connections in the second network to allow better gradient flow. Our model, not only a)~resolves the antecedent and posterior facts, but also b)~performs better even on self-contained queries. It is also c)~faster to train, making it the most promising approach for use in our environment where frequent training and tuning is needed. It slightly outperforms the benchmark on a publicly available dataset, and e)~performs better than obvious baselines approaches on our datasets.	Resolving Abstract Anaphora Implicitly in Conversational Assistants using a Hierarchically stacked RNN	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Patrick Koch:Oleg Golovidov:Steven Gardner:Brett Wujek:Joshua Griffin:Yan Xu	Machine learning applications often require hyperparameter tuning. The hyperparameters usually drive both the efficiency of the model training process and the resulting model quality. For hyperparameter tuning, machine learning algorithms are complex black-boxes. This creates a class of challenging optimization problems, whose objective functions tend to be nonsmooth, discontinuous, unpredictably varying in computational expense, and include continuous, categorical, and/or integer variables. Further, function evaluations can fail for a variety of reasons including numerical difficulties or hardware failures. Additionally, not all hyperparameter value combinations are compatible, which creates so called hidden constraints. Robust and efficient optimization algorithms are needed for hyperparameter tuning. In this paper we present an automated parallel derivative-free optimization framework called Autotune , which combines a number of specialized sampling and search methods that are very effective in tuning machine learning models despite these challenges. Autotune provides significantly improved models over using default hyperparameter settings with minimal user interaction on real-world applications. Given the inherent expense of training numerous candidate models, we demonstrate the effectiveness of Autotune's search methods and the efficient distributed and parallel paradigms for training and tuning models, and also discuss the resource trade-offs associated with the ability to both distribute the training process and parallelize the tuning process.	Autotune: A Derivative-free Optimization Framework for Hyperparameter Tuning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marios Kokkodis	Online labor markets facilitate transactions between employers and a diverse set of independent contractors around the globe. When making hiring decisions in these markets, employers have to assess a large and heterogeneous population of contractors. Because many of the contractors' characteristics are latent, employers often make risky decisions that end up in negative outcomes. In this work, we address this issue by proposing a framework for recommending contractors who are likely to get hired and successfully complete the task at hand. We start our analysis by acknowledging that employers' hiring behavior dynamically evolves with time; Employers learn to choose contractors according to the outcomes of their previously completed tasks. To capture this dynamic evolution, we propose a structured Hidden Markov Model that explicitly models task outcomes through the employers' evolution. We build and evaluate the proposed framework on a dataset of real online hiring decisions. We then compare our approach with a set of previously proposed static algorithms and we show that our proposed framework provides up to 24% improved recommendations. We conclude by discussing the positive impact that such better recommendations of candidates can have on employers, contractors, and the market itself.	Dynamic Recommendations for Sequential Hiring Decisions in Online Labor Markets	NA	2018
Maksim Koptelov:Albrecht Zimmermann:Pascal Bonnet:Ronan Bureau:Bruno CrÃ©milleux	Pan Assays Interference Compounds (PAINS) are a significant problem in modern drug discovery: compounds showing non-target specific activity in high-throughput screening can mislead medicinal chemists during hit identification, wasting time and resources. Recent work has shown that existing structural alerts are not up to the task of identifying PAINS. To address this short-coming, we are in the process of developing a tool, PrePeP, that predicts PAINS, and allows experts to visually explore the reasons for the prediction. In the paper, we discuss the different aspects that are involved in developing a functional tool: systematically deriving structural descriptors, addressing the extreme imbalance of the data, offering visual information that pharmacological chemists are familiar with. We evaluate the quality of the approach using benchmark data sets from the literature and show that we correct several short-comings of existing PAINS alerts that have recently been pointed out.	PrePeP: A Tool for the Identification and Characterization of Pan Assay Interference Compounds	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Avishek Kumar:Syed Ali Asad Rizvi:Benjamin Brooks:R. Ali Vanderveld:Kevin H. Wilson:Chad Kenney:Sam Edelstein:Adria Finch:Andrew Maxwell:Joe Zuckerbraun:Rayid Ghani	Water infrastructure in the United States is beginning to show its age, particularly through water main breaks. Main breaks cause major disruptions in everyday life for residents and businesses. Water main failures in Syracuse, N.Y. (as in most cities) are handled reactively rather than proactively. A barrier to proactive maintenance with limited resources is the city's inability to properly prioritize the allocation of its resources. We built a Machine Learning system to assess the risk of a water mains breaking. Using historical data on which mains have failed, descriptors of pipes, and other data sources, we evaluated several models' abilities to predict breaks three years into the future. Our results show that our system using gradient boosted decision trees performed best out of several algorithms and expert heuristics, achieving precision at 1% ([emailÂ protected]) of 0.62. Our model outperforms a random baseline ([emailÂ protected] of 0.08) and expert heuristics such as water main age ([emailÂ protected] of 0.10) and history of past main breaks ([emailÂ protected] of 0.48). The model is currently deployed in the City of Syracuse. We are conducting a pilot by calculating the risk of failure for each city block over the period 2016-2018 using data up to the end of 2015 and, as of the end of 2017, there have been 42 breaks on our riskiest 52 mains. This has been a successful initiative for the city of Syracuse in improving its infrastructure and we believe this approach can be applied to other cities.	Using Machine Learning to Assess the Risk of and Prevent Water Main Breaks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Joonseok Lee:Sami Abu-El-Haija:Balakrishnan Varadarajan:Apostol (Paul) Natsev	The goal of video understanding is to develop algorithms that enable machines understand videos at the level of human experts. Researchers have tackled various domains including video classification, search, personalized recommendation, and more. However, there is a research gap in combining these domains in one unified learning framework. Towards that, we propose a deep network that embeds videos using their audio-visual content, onto a metric space which preserves video-to-video relationships. Then, we use the trained embedding network to tackle various domains including video classification and recommendation, showing significant improvements over state-of-the-art baselines. The proposed approach is highly scalable to deploy on large-scale video sharing platforms like YouTube.	Collaborative Deep Metric Learning for Video Understanding	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Minyong R. Lee:Milan Shen	Online controlled experiments, or A/B testing, has been a standard framework adopted by most online product companies to measure the effect of any new change. Companies use various statistical methods including hypothesis testing and statistical inference to quantify the business impact of the changes and make product decisions. Nowadays, experimentation platforms can run as many as hundreds or even more experiments concurrently. When a group of experiments is conducted, usually the ones with significant successful results are chosen to be launched into the product. We are interested in learning the aggregated impact of the launched features. In this paper, we investigate a statistical selection bias in this process and propose a correction method of getting an unbiased estimator. Moreover, we give an implementation example at Airbnb's ERF platform (Experiment Reporting Framework) and discuss the best practices to account for this bias.	Winner's Curse: Bias Estimation for Total Effects of Features in Online Controlled Experiments	NA:NA	2018
Mu-Chu Lee:Bin Gao:Ruofei Zhang	Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have achieved great success in generating realistic synthetic data like images, tags, and sentences. We explore using GAN to generate bid keywords directly from query in sponsored search ads selection, especially for rare queries. Specifically, in the query expansion (query-keyword matching) scenario in search advertising, we train a sequence to sequence model as the generator to generate keywords, conditioned on the user query, and use a recurrent neural network model as the discriminator to play an adversarial game with the generator. By applying the trained generator, we can generate keywords directly from a given query, so that we can highly improve the effectiveness and efficiency of query-keyword matching based ads selection in search advertising. We trained the proposed model in the clicked query-keyword pair dataset from a commercial search advertising system. Evaluation results show that the generated keywords are more relevant to the given query compared with the baseline model and they have big potential to bring extra revenue improvement.	Rare Query Expansion Through Generative Adversarial Networks in Search Advertising	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jia Li:Yu Rong:Helen Meng:Zhihui Lu:Timothy Kwok:Hong Cheng	With the increase of elderly population, Alzheimer's Disease (AD), as the most common cause of dementia among the elderly, is affecting more and more senior people. It is crucial for a patient to receive accurate and timely diagnosis of AD. Current diagnosis relies on doctors' experience and clinical test, which, unfortunately, may not be performed until noticeable AD symptoms are developed. In this work, we present our novel solution named time-aware TICC and CNN (TATC), for predicting AD from actigraphy data. TATC is a multivariate time series classification method using a neural attention-based deep learning approach. It not only performs accurate prediction of AD risk, but also generates meaningful interpretation of daily behavior pattern of subjects. TATC provides an automatic, low-cost solution for continuously monitoring the change of physical activity of subjects in daily living environment. We believe the future deployment of TATC can benefit both doctors and patients in early detection of potential AD risk.	TATC: Predicting Alzheimer's Disease with Actigraphy Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jianbo Li:Jingrui He:Yada Zhu	Recent decades have witnessed the rapid growth of E-commerce. In particular, E-tail has provided customers with great convenience by allowing them to purchase retail products anywhere without visiting the actual stores. A recent trend in E-tail is to allow free shipping and hassle-free returns to further attract online customers. However, a downside of such a customer-friendly policy is the rapidly increasing return rate as well as the associated costs of handling returned online orders. Therefore, it has become imperative to take proactive measures for reducing the return rate and the associated cost. Despite the large amount of data available from historical purchase and return records, up until now, the problem of E-tail product return prediction has not attracted much attention from the data mining community. To address this problem, in this paper, we propose a generic framework for E-tail product return prediction named HyperGo . It aims to predict the customer's intention to return after s/he has put together the shopping basket. For the baskets with a high return intention, the E-tailers can then take appropriate measures to incentivize the customer not to issue a return and/or prepare for reverse logistics. The proposed HyperGo is based on a novel hypergraph representation of historical purchase and return records, effectively leveraging the rich information of basket composition. For a given basket, we propose a local graph cut algorithm using truncated random walk on the hypergraph to identify similar historical baskets. Based on these baskets, HyperGo is able to estimate the return intention on two levels: basket-level vs. product-level, which provides the E-tailers with detailed information regarding the reason for a potential return (e.g., duplicate products with different colors). One major benefit of the proposed local algorithm lies in its time complexity, which is linearly dependent on the size of the output cluster and polylogarithmically dependent on the volume of the hypergraph. This makes HyperGo particularly suitable for processing large-scale data sets. The experimental results on multiple real-world E-tail data sets demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of HyperGo .	E-tail Product Return Prediction via Hypergraph-based Local Graph Cut	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xijun Li:Mingxuan Yuan:Di Chen:Jianguo Yao:Jia Zeng	Split Delivery Vehicle Routing Problem with 3D Loading Constraints (3L-SDVRP) can be seen as the most important problem in large-scale manufacturing logistics. The goal is to devise a strategy consisting of three NP-hard planning components: vehicle routing, cargo splitting and container loading, which shall be jointly optimized for cost savings. The problem is an enhanced variant of the classical logistics problem 3L-CVRP, and its complexity leaps beyond current studies of solvability. Our solution employs a novel data-driven three-layer search algorithm (DTSA), which we designed to improve both the efficiency and effectiveness of traditional meta-heuristic approaches, through learning from data and from simulation. A detailed experimental evaluation on real data shows our algorithm is versatile in solving this practical complex constrained multi-objective optimization problem, and our framework may be of general interest. DTSA performs much better than the state-of-the-art algorithms both in efficiency and optimization performance. Our algorithm has been deployed in the UAT (User Acceptance Test) environment; conservative estimates suggest that the full usage of our algorithm would save millions of dollars in logistics costs per year, besides savings due to automation and more efficient routing.	A Data-Driven Three-Layer Algorithm for Split Delivery Vehicle Routing Problem with 3D Container Loading Constraint	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Binbing Liao:Jingqing Zhang:Chao Wu:Douglas McIlwraith:Tong Chen:Shengwen Yang:Yike Guo:Fei Wu	Predicting traffic conditions from online route queries is a challenging task as there are many complicated interactions over the roads and crowds involved. In this paper, we intend to improve traffic prediction by appropriate integration of three kinds of implicit but essential factors encoded in auxiliary information. We do this within an encoder-decoder sequence learning framework that integrates the following data: 1) offline geographical and social attributes. For example, the geographical structure of roads or public social events such as national celebrations; 2) road intersection information. In general, traffic congestion occurs at major junctions; 3) online crowd queries. For example, when many online queries issued for the same destination due to a public performance, the traffic around the destination will potentially become heavier at this location after a while. Qualitative and quantitative experiments on a real-world dataset from Baidu have demonstrated the effectiveness of our framework.	Deep Sequence Learning with Auxiliary Information for Traffic Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qingwei Lin:Weichen Ke:Jian-Guang Lou:Hongyu Zhang:Kaixin Sui:Yong Xu:Ziyi Zhou:Bo Qiao:Dongmei Zhang	The ability to identify insights from multi-dimensional big data is important for business intelligence. To enable interactive identification of insights, a large number of dimension combinations need to be searched and a series of aggregation queries need to be quickly answered. The existing approaches answer interactive queries on big data through data cubes or approximate query processing. However, these approaches can hardly satisfy the performance or accuracy requirements for ad-hoc queries demanded by interactive exploration. In this paper, we present BigIN4, a system for instant, interactive identification of insights from multi-dimensional big data. BigIN4 gives insight suggestions by enumerating subspaces and answers queries by combining data cube and approximate query processing techniques. If a query cannot be answered by the cubes, BigIN4 decomposes it into several low dimensional queries that can be directly answered by the cubes through an online constructed Bayesian Network and gives an approximate answer within a statistical interval. Unlike the related works, BigIN4 does not require any prior knowledge of queries and does not assume a certain data distribution. Our experiments on ten real-world large-scale datasets show that BigIN4 can successfully identify insights from big data. Furthermore, BigIN4 can provide approximate answers to aggregation queries effectively (with less than 10% error on average) and efficiently (50x faster than sampling-based methods).	BigIN4: Instant, Interactive Insight Identification for Multi-Dimensional Big Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qiaoling Liu:Josh Chao:Thomas Mahoney:Alan Chern:Chris Min:Faizan Javed:Valentin Jijkoun	Employer name normalization, or linking employer names in job postings or resumes to entities in an employer knowledge base (KB), is important for many downstream applications in the online recruitment domain. Key challenges for employer name normalization include handling employer names from both job postings and resumes, leveraging the corresponding location and URL context, and handling name variations and duplicates in the KB. In this paper, we describe the CompanyDepot system developed at CareerBuilder, which uses machine learning techniques to address these challenges. We discuss the main challenges and share our lessons learned in deployment, maintenance, and utilization of the system over the past two years. We also share several examples of how the system has been used in applications at CareerBuilder to deliver value to end customers.	Lessons Learned from Developing and Deploying a Large-Scale Employer Name Normalization System for Online Recruitment	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhaoyang Liu:Yanyan Shen:Yanmin Zhu	Dockless shared bikes, which aim at providing a more flexible and convenient solution to the first-and-last mile connection, come into China and expand to other countries at a very impressing speed. The expansion of shared bike business in new cities brings many challenges among which, the most critical one is the parking chaos caused by too many bikes yet insufficient demands. To allow possible actions to be taken in advance, this paper studies the problem of detecting parking hotspots in a new city where no dockless shared bike has been deployed. We propose to measure road hotness by bike density with the help of the Kernal Density Estimation. We extract useful features from multi-source urban data and introduce a novel domain adaption network for transferring hotspots knowledge learned from one city with shared bikes to a new city. The extensive experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach compared with various baselines.	Where Will Dockless Shared Bikes be Stacked?: --- Parking Hotspots Detection in a New City	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tova Milo:Amit Somech	Modern Interactive Data Analysis (IDA) platforms, such as Kibana, Splunk, and Tableau, are gradually replacing traditional OLAP/SQL tools, as they allow for easy-to-use data exploration, visualization, and mining, even for users lacking SQL and programming skills. Nevertheless, data analysis is still a di cult task, especially for non-expert users. To that end we present REACT, a recommender system designed for modern IDA platforms. In these platforms, analysis sessions interweave high-level actions of multiple types and operate over diverse datasets . REACT identifies and generalizes relevant (previous) sessions to generate personalized next-action suggestions to the user. We model the user's analysis context using a generic tree based model, where the edges represent the user's recent actions, and the nodes represent their result "screens". A dedicated context-similarity metric is employed for efficient indexing and retrieval of relevant candidate next-actions. These are then generalized to abstract actions that convey common fragments, then adapted to the specific user context. To prove the utility of REACT we performed an extensive online and offline experimental evaluation over real-world analysis logs from the cyber security domain, which we also publish to serve as a benchmark dataset for future work.	Next-Step Suggestions for Modern Interactive Data Analysis Platforms	NA:NA	2018
Piero Molino:Huaixiu Zheng:Yi-Chia Wang	For a company looking to provide delightful user experiences, it is of paramount importance to take care of any customer issues. This paper proposes COTA, a system to improve speed and reliability of customer support for end users through automated ticket classification and answers selection for support representatives. Two machine learning and natural language processing techniques are demonstrated: one relying on feature engineering (COTA v1) and the other exploiting raw signals through deep learning architectures (COTA v2). COTA v1 employs a new approach that converts the multi-classification task into a ranking problem, demonstrating significantly better performance in the case of thousands of classes. For COTA v2, we propose an Encoder-Combiner-Decoder, a novel deep learning architecture that allows for heterogeneous input and output feature types and injection of prior knowledge through network architecture choices. This paper compares these models and their variants on the task of ticket classification and answer selection, showing model COTA v2 outperforms COTA v1, and analyzes their inner workings and shortcomings. Finally, an A/B test is conducted in a production setting validating the real-world impact of COTA in reducing issue resolution time by 10 percent without reducing customer satisfaction.	COTA: Improving the Speed and Accuracy of Customer Support through Ranking and Deep Networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yabo Ni:Dan Ou:Shichen Liu:Xiang Li:Wenwu Ou:Anxiang Zeng:Luo Si	Tasks such as search and recommendation have become increasingly important for E-commerce to deal with the information overload problem. To meet the diverse needs of different users, personalization plays an important role. In many large portals such as Taobao and Amazon, there are a bunch of different types of search and recommendation tasks operating simultaneously for personalization. However, most of current techniques address each task separately. This is suboptimal as no information about users shared across different tasks. In this work, we propose to learn universal user representations across multiple tasks for more effective personalization. In particular, user behavior sequences (e.g., click, bookmark or purchase of products) are modeled by LSTM and attention mechanism by integrating all the corresponding content, behavior and temporal information. User representations are shared and learned in an end-to-end setting across multiple tasks. Benefiting from better information utilization of multiple tasks, the user representations are more effective to reflect their interests and are more general to be transferred to new tasks. We refer this work as Deep User Perception Network (DUPN) and conduct an extensive set of offline and online experiments. Across all tested five different tasks, our DUPN consistently achieves better results by giving more effective user representations. Moreover, we deploy DUPN in large scale operational tasks in Taobao. Detailed implementations, e.g., incremental model updating, are also provided to address the practical issues for the real world applications.	Perceive Your Users in Depth: Learning Universal User Representations from Multiple E-commerce Tasks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tim Op De BeÃ©ck:Wannes Meert:Kurt SchÃ¼tte:Benedicte Vanwanseele:Jesse Davis	Running is extremely popular and around 10.6 million people run regularly in the United States alone. Unfortunately, estimates indicated that between 29% to 79% of runners sustain an overuse injury every year. One contributing factor to such injuries is excessive fatigue, which can result in alterations in how someone runs that increase the risk for an overuse injury. Thus being able to detect during a running session when excessive fatigue sets in, and hence when these alterations are prone to arise, could be of great practical importance. In this paper, we explore whether we can use machine learning to predict the rating of perceived exertion (RPE), a validated subjective measure of fatigue, from inertial sensor data of individuals running outdoors. We describe how both the subjective target label and the realistic outdoor running environment introduce several interesting data science challenges. We collected a longitudinal dataset of runners, and demonstrate that machine learning can be used to learn accurate models for predicting RPE.	Fatigue Prediction in Outdoor Runners Via Machine Learning and Sensor Fusion	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Barak Oshri:Annie Hu:Peter Adelson:Xiao Chen:Pascaline Dupas:Jeremy Weinstein:Marshall Burke:David Lobell:Stefano Ermon	The UN Sustainable Development Goals allude to the importance of infrastructure quality in three of its seventeen goals. However, monitoring infrastructure quality in developing regions remains prohibitively expensive and impedes efforts to measure progress toward these goals. To this end, we investigate the use of widely available remote sensing data for the prediction of infrastructure quality in Africa. We train a convolutional neural network to predict ground truth labels from the Afrobarometer Round 6 survey using Landsat 8 and Sentinel 1 satellite imagery. Our best models predict infrastructure quality with AUROC scores of 0.881 on Electricity, 0.862 on Sewerage, 0.739 on Piped Water, and 0.786 on Roads using Landsat 8. These performances are significantly better than models that leverage OpenStreetMap or nighttime light intensity on the same tasks. We also demonstrate that our trained model can accurately make predictions in an unseen country after fine-tuning on a small sample of images. Furthermore, the model can be deployed in regions with limited samples to predict infrastructure outcomes with higher performance than nearest neighbor spatial interpolation.	Infrastructure Quality Assessment in Africa using Satellite Imagery and Deep Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fabio Petroni:Natraj Raman:Tim Nugent:Armineh Nourbakhsh:Å½arko PaniÄ‡:Sameena Shah:Jochen L. Leidner	The automatic extraction of breaking news events from natural language text is a valuable capability for decision support systems. Traditional systems tend to focus on extracting events from a single media source and often ignore cross-media references. Here, we describe a large-scale automated system for extracting natural disasters and critical events from both newswire text and social media. We outline a comprehensive architecture that can identify, categorize and summarize seven different event types - namely floods, storms, fires, armed conflict, terrorism, infrastructure breakdown, and labour unavailability. The system comprises fourteen modules and is equipped with a novel coreference mechanism, capable of linking events extracted from the two complementary data sources. Additionally, the system is easily extensible to accommodate new event types. Our experimental evaluation demonstrates the effectiveness of the system.	An Extensible Event Extraction System With Cross-Media Event Resolution	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jinfeng Rao:Ferhan Ture:Jimmy Lin	We tackle the challenge of understanding voice queries posed against the Comcast Xfinity X1 entertainment platform, where consumers direct speech input at their "voice remotes". Such queries range from specific program navigation (i.e., watch a movie) to requests with vague intents and even queries that have nothing to do with watching TV. We present successively richer neural network architectures to tackle this challenge based on two key insights: The first is that session context can be exploited to disambiguate queries and recover from ASR errors, which we operationalize with hierarchical recurrent neural networks. The second insight is that query understanding requires evidence integration across multiple related tasks, which we identify as program prediction, intent classification, and query tagging. We present a novel multi-task neural architecture that jointly learns to accomplish all three tasks. Our initial model, already deployed in production, serves millions of queries daily with an improved customer experience. The novel multi-task learning model, first described here, is evaluated through carefully-controlled laboratory experiments, which demonstrates further gains in effectiveness and increased system capabilities.	Multi-Task Learning with Neural Networks for Voice Query Understanding on an Entertainment Platform	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuecheng Rong:Zhimian Xu:Ruibo Yan:Xu Ma	Realtime parking availability information is of great importance to help drivers to find a parking space faster and thus to reduce parking search traffic. While there are limited realtime parking availability systems in a city due to the expensive cost of sensor device and maintaining realtime parking information. In this paper, we estimate the realtime parking availability throughout a city using historical parking availability data reported by a limited number of existing sensors of parking lots and a variety of datasets we observed in the city, such as meteorology, events, map mobility trace data and navigation data from Baidu map, and POIs. We propose a deep-learning-based approach, called Du-Parking, which consists of three major components modeling temporal closeness, period and current general influence, respectively. More specifically, we employ long short-term memory (LSTM) to model the temporal closeness and period, and meanwhile using two fully-connected layers to model the current general factors. Our approach learns to dynamically aggregate the output of the three components, to estimate the final parking availability of given parking lot. Using the proposed approach, we have provided the realtime parking availability information in Baidu map app, in nine cities in China. We evaluated our approach in Beijing and Shenzhen. The results show the advantages of our method over two categories of baselines, including linear interpolations, and the well-known classification model like GBDT.	Du-Parking: Spatio-Temporal Big Data Tells You Realtime Parking Availability	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rui Paulo RuhrlÃ¤nder:Martin Boissier:Matthias Uflacker	Recent progress in machine learning and related fields like recommender systems open up new possibilities for data-driven approaches. One example is the prediction of a movie's box office revenue, which is highly relevant for optimizing production and marketing. We use individual recommendations and user-based forecast models in a system that forecasts revenue and additionally provides actionable insights for industry professionals. In contrast to most existing models that completely neglect user preferences, our approach allows us to model the most important source for movie success: moviegoer taste and behavior. We divide the problem into three distinct stages: (i) we use matrix factorization recommenders to model each user's taste, (ii) we then predict the individual consumption behavior, and (iii) eventually aggregate users to predict the box office result. We compare our approach to the current industry standard and show that the inclusion of user rating data reduces the error by a factor of 2x and outperforms recently published research.	Improving Box Office Result Predictions for Movies Using Consumer-Centric Models	NA:NA:NA	2018
Elaheh Sadredini:Deyuan Guo:Chunkun Bo:Reza Rahimi:Kevin Skadron:Hongning Wang	Part-of-speech (POS) tagging is the foundation of many natural language processing applications. Rule-based POS tagging is a wellknown solution, which assigns tags to the words using a set of predefined rules. Many researchers favor statistical-based approaches over rule-based methods for better empirical accuracy. However, until now, the computational cost of rule-based POS tagging has made it difficult to study whether more complex rules or larger rulesets could lead to accuracy competitive with statistical approaches. In this paper, we leverage two hardware accelerators, the Automata Processor (AP) and Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGA), to accelerate rule-based POS tagging by converting rules to regular expressions and exploiting the highly-parallel regular-expressionmatching ability of these accelerators. We study the relationship between rule set size and accuracy, and observe that adding more rules only poses minimal overhead on the AP and FPGA. This allows a substantial increase in the number and complexity of rules, leading to accuracy improvement. Our experiments on Treebank and Brown corpora achieve up to 2,600X and 1,914X speedups on the AP and on the FPGA respectively over rule-based methods on the CPU in the rule-matching stage, up to 58Ã— speedup over the Perceptron POS tagger on the CPU in total testing time, and up to 253Ã— speedup over the LSTM tagger on the GPU in total testing time, while showing a competitive accuracy compared to neural-network and statistical solutions.	A Scalable Solution for Rule-Based Part-of-Speech Tagging on Novel Hardware Accelerators	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tara Safavi:Maryam Davoodi:Danai Koutra	From artificial intelligence to network security to hardware design, it is well-known that computing research drives many important technological and societal advancements. However, less is known about the long-term career paths of the people behind these innovations. What do their careers reveal about the evolution of computing research? Which institutions were and are the most important in this field, and for what reasons? Can insights into computing career trajectories help predict employer retention? In this paper we analyze several decades of post-PhD computing careers using a large new dataset rich with professional information, and propose a versatile career network model, R 3 , that captures temporal career dynamics. With R 3 we track important organizations in computing research history, analyze career movement between industry, academia, and government, and build a powerful predictive model for individual career transitions. Our study, the first of its kind, is a starting point for understanding computing research careers, and may inform employer recruitment and retention mechanisms at a time when the demand for specialized computational expertise far exceeds supply.	Career Transitions and Trajectories: A Case Study in Computing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Karan Samel:Xu Miao	The great success of supervised learning has initiated a paradigm shift from building a deterministic software system to a probabilistic artificial intelligent system throughout the industry. The historical records in enterprise domains can potentially bootstrap the traditional business into the modern data-driven approach almost everywhere. The introduction of the Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) significantly reduces the efforts of feature engineering so that supervised learning becomes even more automated. The last bottleneck is to ensure the data quality, particularly the label quality, because the performance of supervised learning is bounded by the errors present in labels. In this paper, we present a new Active Deep Denoising (ADD) approach that first builds a DNN noise model, and then adopts an active learning algorithm to identify the optimal denoising function. We prove that under the low noise condition, we only need to query the oracle with log n examples where n is the total number in the data. We apply ADD on one enterprise application and show that it can effectively reduce 1/3 of the prediction error with only 0.1% of examples verified by the oracle.	Active Deep Learning to Tune Down the Noise in Labels	NA:NA	2018
Issei Sato:Yukihiro Nomura:Shouhei Hanaoka:Soichiro Miki:Naoto Hayashi:Osamu Abe:Yoshitaka Masutani	The reading workload for radiologists is increasing because the numbers of examinations and images per examination are increasing due to the technical progress on imaging modalities such as computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. A computer-assisted detection (CAD) system based on machine learning is expected to assist radiologists. The preliminary results of a multi-institutional study indicate that the performance of the CAD system for each institution improved using training data of other institutions. This indicates that transfer learning may be useful for developing the CAD systems among multiple institutions. In this paper, we focus on transfer learning without sharing training data due to the need to protect personal information in each institution. Moreover, we raise a problem of negative transfer in CAD system and propose an algorithm for inhibiting negative transfer. Our algorithm provides a theoretical guarantee for managing CAD software in terms of transfer learning and exhibits experimentally better performance compared to that of the current algorithm in cerebral aneurysm detection.	Managing Computer-Assisted Detection System Based on Transfer Learning with Negative Transfer Inhibition	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rainer Schlosser:Martin Boissier	Most online markets are characterized by competitive settings and limited demand information. Due to the complexity of such markets, efficient pricing strategies are hard to derive. We analyze stochastic dynamic pricing models in competitive markets with multiple offer dimensions, such as price, quality, and rating. In a first step, we use a simulated test market to study how sales probabilities are affected by specific customer behaviors and the strategic interaction of price reaction strategies. Further, we show how different state-of-the-art learning techniques can be used to estimate sales probabilities from partially observable market data. In a second step, we use a dynamic programming model to compute an effective pricing strategy which circumvents the curse of dimensionality. We demonstrate that the strategy is applicable even if the number of competitors is large and their strategies are unknown. We show that our heuristic can be tuned to smoothly balance profitability and speed of sales. Further, our approach is currently applied by a large seller on Amazon for the sale of used books. Sales results show that our data-driven strategy outperforms the rule-based strategy of an experienced seller by a profit increase of more than 20%.	Dynamic Pricing under Competition on Online Marketplaces: A Data-Driven Approach	NA:NA	2018
Supreeth P. Shashikumar:Amit J. Shah:Gari D. Clifford:Shamim Nemati	Detection of atrial fibrillation (AF), a type of cardiac arrhythmia, is difficult since many cases of AF are usually clinically silent and undiagnosed. In particular paroxysmal AF is a form of AF that occurs occasionally, and has a higher probability of being undetected. In this work, we present an attention based deep learning framework for detection of paroxysmal AF episodes from a sequence of windows. Time-frequency representation of 30 seconds recording windows, over a 10 minute data segment, are fed sequentially into a deep convolutional neural network for image-based feature extraction, which are then presented to a bidirectional recurrent neural network with an attention layer for AF detection. To demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework for transient AF detection, we use a database of 24 hour Holter Electrocardiogram (ECG) recordings acquired from 2850 patients at the University of Virginia heart station. The algorithm achieves an AUC of 0.94 on the testing set, which exceeds the performance of baseline models. We also demonstrate the cross-domain generalizablity of the approach by adapting the learned model parameters from one recording modality (ECG) to another (photoplethysmogram) with improved AF detection performance. The proposed high accuracy, low false alarm algorithm for detecting paroxysmal AF has potential applications in long-term monitoring using wearable sensors.	Detection of Paroxysmal Atrial Fibrillation using Attention-based Bidirectional Recurrent Neural Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bilong Shen:Xiaodan Liang:Yufeng Ouyang:Miaofeng Liu:Weimin Zheng:Kathleen M. Carley	A mobility event occurs when a passenger moves out or takes off from a particular location. Mobility event prediction is of utmost importance in the field of intelligent transportation systems. It has a huge potential in solving important problems such as minimizing passenger waiting time and maximizing the utilization of the transportation resources by planning vehicle routes and dispatching transportation resources. Recently, numerous mobility pattern mining methods have been proposed to predict the transportation supply and demand in different locations. Those methods first reveal the event patterns of each Place of Interests (POI) independently and then employ a separate region function as a post-processing step. This separate process, that disregards the intrinsic spatial and temporal pattern correlations between POI, is sub-optimal and complex, resulting in a poor generalization in different scenarios. In this work, we propose a Spatial-Temporal mobility Event Prediction framework based on Deep neural network (StepDeep) for simultaneously taking into account all correlated spatial and temporal mobility patterns. StepDeep not only simplifies the prediction process but also enhances the prediction accuracy. Our StepDeep proposes a novel problem formulation towards an end-to-end mobility prediction framework, that is, switching mobility events over time in an area into an event video and then posing the mobility prediction problem as a video prediction task. Such a novel formulation can naturally encode spatial and temporal dependencies for each POI. StepDeep thus predicts the spatial-temporal events by incorporating the new time sensitive convolution filters, spatial sensitive convolution filters, and spatial-temporal sensitive convolution filters into a single network. We conduct experimental evaluations on a real-world 547-day New York City taxi trajectory dataset, which show that StepDeep provides higher prediction accuracy than five existing baselines. Moreover, StepDeep is generalizable and can be applied to numerous spatial-temporal event prediction scenarios.	StepDeep: A Novel Spatial-temporal Mobility Event Prediction Framework based on Deep Neural Network	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ying Sheng:Sandeep Tata:James B. Wendt:Jing Xie:Qi Zhao:Marc Najork	Extracting structured data from emails can enable several assistive experiences, such as reminding the user when a bill payment is due, answering queries about the departure time of a booked flight, or proactively surfacing an emailed discount coupon while the user is at that store. This paper presents Juicer, a system for extracting information from email that is serving over a billion Gmail users daily. We describe how the design of the system was informed by three key principles: scaling to a planet-wide email service, isolating the complexity to provide a simple experience for the developer, and safeguarding the privacy of users (our team and the developers we support are not allowed to view any single email). We describe the design tradeoffs made in building this system, the challenges faced and the approaches used to tackle them. We present case studies of three extraction tasks implemented on this platform---bill reminders, commercial offers, and hotel reservations---to illustrate the effectiveness of the platform despite challenges unique to each task. Finally, we outline several areas of ongoing research in large-scale machine-learned information extraction from email.	Anatomy of a Privacy-Safe Large-Scale Information Extraction System Over Email	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yeming Shi:Claudia Perlich:Rod Hook:Wickus Martin:Melinda Han Williams:Justin Moynihan:Patrick McCarthy:Peter Lenz:Reka Daniel-Weiner:Roger Cost	A growing proportion of digital advertising slots is purchased through real time bidding auctions, which enables advertisers to impose highly specific criteria on which devices and opportunities to target. Employing sophisticated targeting criteria reliably increases the performance of an ad campaign, however too strict criteria will limit its scale. This raises the need to estimate the number of anticipated ad impressions at a given campaign performance level, thus enabling advertisers to tune the campaign's budget to an optimal performance-scale trade-off. In this paper, we provide a way to estimate campaign impressions given the campaign criteria. There are several challenges to this problem. First, the criteria contain logic to include and exclude combinations of audience segments, making the space of possible criteria exponentially large. Furthermore, it is difficult to validate predictions, because we wish to predict the number of impressions available without budget constraints, a situation we can rarely observe in practice. In our approach, we first treat the audience segment inclusion/exclusion criteria separately as a data compression problem, where we use MinHash "sketches" to estimate audience size. We then model the number of available impressions with a regularized linear regression in log space, using multiplier features motivated by the assumption that some components of the additional campaign criteria are conditionally independent. We construct a validation set by projecting observed RTB data (under real budget constraints) to get impression availability without budget constraints. Using this approach, our average prediction is a factor of 2.2 from the true impression availability, and the deployed product responds to user requests in well under a second, meeting both accuracy and latency requirements for decision making in the execution of advertising campaigns.	Audience Size Forecasting: Fast and Smart Budget Planning for Media Buyers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Silvis:Anthony Sicilia:Alexandros Labrinidis	The amount of food waste generated by the U.S. is staggering, both expensive in economic cost and environmental side effects. Surplus food, which could be used to feed people facing food insecurity, is instead discarded and placed in landfills. Institutions, universities, and non-profits have noticed this issue and are beginning to take action to reduce surplus food waste, typically by redirecting it to food banks and other organizations or having students transport or eat the food. These approaches present challenges such as transportation, volunteer availability, and lack of prioritization of those in need. In this paper, we introduce PittGrub, a notification system to intelligently select users to invite to events that have leftover food. PittGrub was invented to help reduce food waste at the University of Pittsburgh. We use reinforcement learning to determine how many notifications to send out and a valuation model to determine whom to prioritize in the notifications. Our goal is to produce a system that prioritizes feeding students in need while simultaneously eliminating food waste and maintaining a fair distribution of notifications. As far as we are aware, PittGrub is unique in its approach to eliminating surplus food waste while striving for social good. We compare our proposed techniques to multiple baselines on simulated datasets to demonstrate effectiveness. Experimental results among various algorithms show promise in eliminating food waste while helping those facing food insecurity and treating users fairly. Our prototype is currently in beta and coming soon to the Apple App Store.	PittGrub: A Frustration-Free System to Reduce Food Waste by Notifying Hungry College Students	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bhavkaran Singh Walia:Qianyi Hu:Jeffrey Chen:Fangyan Chen:Jessica Lee:Nathan Kuo:Palak Narang:Jason Batts:Geoffrey Arnold:Michael Madaio	Recent high-profile fire incidents in cities around the world have highlighted gaps in fire risk reduction efforts, as cities grapple with fewer resources and more properties to safeguard. To address this resource gap, prior work has developed machine learning frameworks to predict fire risk and prioritize fire inspections. However, existing approaches were limited by not including time-varying data, never deploying in real-time, and only predicting risk for a small subset of commercial properties in their city. Here, we have developed a predictive risk framework for all 20,636 commercial properties in Pittsburgh, based on time-varying data from a variety of municipal agencies. We have deployed our fire risk model on Pittsburgh Bureau of Fire's (PBF), and we have developed preliminary risk models for residential property fire risk prediction. Our commercial risk model outperforms the prior state of the art with a kappa of 0.33 compared to their 0.17, and is able to be applied to nearly 4 times as many properties as the prior model. In the 5 weeks since our model was first deployed, 58% of our predicted high-risk properties had a fire incident of any kind, while 23% of the building fire incidents that occurred took place in our predicted high or medium risk properties. The risk scores from our commercial model are visualized on an interactive dashboard and map to assist the PBF with planning their fire risk reduction initiatives. This work is already helping to improve fire risk reduction in Pittsburgh and is beginning to be adopted by other cities.	A Dynamic Pipeline for Spatio-Temporal Fire Risk Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Peter W J Staar:Michele Dolfi:Christoph Auer:Costas Bekas	Over the past few decades, the amount of scientific articles and technical literature has increased exponentially in size. Consequently, there is a great need for systems that can ingest these documents at scale and make the contained knowledge discoverable. Unfortunately, both the format of these documents (e.g. the PDF format or bitmap images) as well as the presentation of the data (e.g. complex tables) make the extraction of qualitative and quantitive data extremely challenging. In this paper, we present a modular, cloud-based platform to ingest documents at scale. This platform, called the Corpus Conversion Service (CCS), implements a pipeline which allows users to parse and annotate documents (i.e. collect ground-truth), train machine-learning classification algorithms and ultimately convert any type of PDF or bitmap-documents to a structured content representation format. We will show that each of the modules is scalable due to an asynchronous microservice architecture and can therefore handle massive amounts of documents. Furthermore, we will show that our capability to gather groundtruth is accelerated by machine-learning algorithms by at least one order of magnitude. This allows us to both gather large amounts of ground-truth in very little time and obtain very good precision/recall metrics in the range of 99% with regard to content conversion to structured output. The CCS platform is currently deployed on IBM internal infrastructure and serving more than 250 active users for knowledge-engineering project engagements.	Corpus Conversion Service: A Machine Learning Platform to Ingest Documents at Scale	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hiroki Sugiura:Taichi Kiwaki:Siamak Yousefi:Hiroshi Murata:Ryo Asaoka:Kenji Yamanishi	Conventionally, glaucoma is diagnosed on the basis of visual field sensitivity (VF). However, the VF test is time-consuming, costly, and noisy. Using retinal thickness (RT) for glaucoma diagnosis is currently desirable. Thus, we propose a new methodology for estimating VF from RT in glaucomatous eyes. The key ideas are to use our new methods of pattern-based regularization (PBR) and pattern-based visualization (PBV) with convolutional neural networks (CNNs). PBR effectively conducts supervised learning of RT-VF relations in combination with unsupervised learning from non-paired VF data. We can thereby avoid overfitting of a CNN to small sized data. PBV visualizes functional correspondence between RT and VF with its nonlinearity preserved. We empirically demonstrate with real datasets that a CNN with PBR achieves the highest estimation accuracy to date and that a CNN with PBV is effective for knowledge discovery in an ophthalmological context.	Estimating Glaucomatous Visual Sensitivity from Retinal Thickness with Pattern-Based Regularization and Visualization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mengying Sun:Fengyi Tang:Jinfeng Yi:Fei Wang:Jiayu Zhou	The surging availability of electronic medical records (EHR) leads to increased research interests in medical predictive modeling. Recently many deep learning based predicted models are also developed for EHR data and demonstrated impressive performance. However, a series of recent studies showed that these deep models are not safe: they suffer from certain vulnerabilities. In short, a well-trained deep network can be extremely sensitive to inputs with negligible changes. These inputs are referred to as adversarial examples. In the context of medical informatics, such attacks could alter the result of a high performance deep predictive model by slightly perturbing a patient's medical records. Such instability not only reflects the weakness of deep architectures, more importantly, it offers a guide on detecting susceptible parts on the inputs. In this paper, we propose an efficient and effective framework that learns a time-preferential minimum attack targeting the LSTM model with EHR inputs, and we leverage this attack strategy to screen medical records of patients and identify susceptible events and measurements. The efficient screening procedure can assist decision makers to pay extra attentions to the locations that can cause severe consequence if not measured correctly. We conduct extensive empirical studies on a real-world urgent care cohort and demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed screening.	Identify Susceptible Locations in Medical Records via Adversarial Attacks on Deep Predictive Models	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Harini Suresh:Jen J. Gong:John V. Guttag	Machine learning approaches have been effective in predicting adverse outcomes in different clinical settings. These models are often developed and evaluated on datasets with heterogeneous patient populations. However, good predictive performance on the aggregate population does not imply good performance for specific groups. In this work, we present a two-step framework to 1) learn relevant patient subgroups, and 2) predict an outcome for separate patient populations in a multi-task framework, where each population is a separate task. We demonstrate how to discover relevant groups in an unsupervised way with a sequence-to-sequence autoencoder. We show that using these groups in a multi-task framework leads to better predictive performance of in-hospital mortality both across groups and overall. We also highlight the need for more granular evaluation of performance when dealing with heterogeneous populations.	Learning Tasks for Multitask Learning: Heterogenous Patient Populations in the ICU	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jianrong Tao:Jiarong Xu:Linxia Gong:Yifu Li:Changjie Fan:Zhou Zhao	Game bots are automated programs that assist cheating users and enable them to obtain huge superiority, leading to an imbalance in the game ecosystem and the collapse of user interest. Therefore, game bot detection becomes particularly important and urgent. Among many kinds of online games, massively multiplayer online role playing games (MMORPGs), such as World of Warcraft and AION, provide immersive gaming experience and attract many loyal fans. At the same time, however, game bots in MMORPGs have proliferated in volume and method, evolving with the real-world detection methods and showing strong diversity, leaving MMORPG bot detection efforts extremely difficult. To deal with the fast-changing nature of game bots, we here proposed a generalized game bot detection framework for MMORPGs termed NGUARD, denoting NetEase Games' Guard. NGUARD takes charge of automatically differentiating game bots from humans for MMORPGs. In detail, NGUARD exploits a combination of supervised and unsupervised methods. Supervised models are utilized to detect game bots in observed patterns according to the training data. Meanwhile, unsupervised solutions are employed to detect clustered game bots and help discovering new bots. The game bot detection framework NGUARD has been implemented and deployed in multiple MMORPG productions in the NetEase Game portfolio, achieving remarkable performance improvement and acceleration compared to traditional methods. Moreover, the framework reveals outstanding robustness for game bots in mutated patterns and even in completely new patterns on account of the design of the auto-iteration mechanism.	NGUARD: A Game Bot Detection Framework for NetEase MMORPGs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Martin Valdez-Vivas:Caner Gocmen:Andrii Korotkov:Ethan Fang:Kapil Goenka:Sherry Chen	Multiple teams at Facebook are tasked with monitoring compute and memory utilization metrics that are important for managing the efficiency of the codebase. An efficiency regression is characterized by instances where the CPU utilization or query per second (QPS) patterns of a function or endpoint experience an unexpected increase over its prior baseline. If the code changes responsible for these regressions get propagated to Facebook's fleet of web servers, the impact of the inefficient code will get compounded over billions of executions per day, carrying potential ramifications to Facebook's scaling efforts and the quality of the user experience. With a codebase ingesting in excess of 1,000 diffs across multiple pushes per day, it is important to have a real-time solution for detecting regressions that is not only scalable and high in recall, but also highly precise in order to avoid overrunning the remediation queue with thousands of false positives. This paper describes the end-to-end regression detection system designed and used at Facebook. The main detection algorithm is based on sequential statistics supplemented by signal processing transformations, and the performance of the algorithm was assessed with a mixture of online and offline tests across different use cases. We compare the performance of our algorithm against a simple benchmark as well as a commercial anomaly detection software solution.	A Real-time Framework for Detecting Efficiency Regressions in a Globally Distributed Codebase	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jingyuan Wang:Xiaojian Wang:Junjie Wu	Since the 21st century, the global outbreaks of infectious diseases such as SARS in 2003, H1N1 in 2009, and H7N9 in 2013, have become the critical threat to the public health and a hunting nightmare to the government. Understanding the propagation in large-scale metapopulations and predicting the future outbreaks thus become crucially important for epidemic control and prevention. In the literature, there have been a bulk of studies on modeling intra-city epidemic propagation but with the single population assumption (homogeneity). Some recent works on metapopulation propagation, however, focus on finding specific human mobility physical networks to approximate diseases transmission networks, whose generality to fit different diseases cannot be guaranteed. In this paper, we argue that the intra-city epidemic propagation should be modeled on a metapopulation base, and propose a two-step method for this purpose. The first step is to understand the propagation system by inferring the underlying disease infection network. To this end, we propose a novel network inference model called D 2 PRI, which reduces the individual network into a sub-population network without information loss, and incorporates the power-law distribution prior and data prior for better performance. The second step is to predict the disease propagation by extending the classic SIR model to a metapopulation SIR model that allows visitors transmission between any two sub-populations. The validity of our model is testified on a real-life clinical report data set about the airborne disease in the Shenzhen city, China. The D 2 PRI model with the extended SIR model exhibit superior performance in various tasks including network inference, infection prediction and outbreaks simulation.	Inferring Metapopulation Propagation Network for Intra-city Epidemic Control and Prevention	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jizhe Wang:Pipei Huang:Huan Zhao:Zhibo Zhang:Binqiang Zhao:Dik Lun Lee	Recommender systems (RSs) have been the most important technology for increasing the business in Taobao, the largest online consumer-to-consumer (C2C) platform in China. There are three major challenges facing RS in Taobao: scalability, sparsity and cold start. In this paper, we present our technical solutions to address these three challenges. The methods are based on a well-known graph embedding framework. We first construct an item graph from users' behavior history, and learn the embeddings of all items in the graph. The item embeddings are employed to compute pairwise similarities between all items, which are then used in the recommendation process. To alleviate the sparsity and cold start problems, side information is incorporated into the graph embedding framework. We propose two aggregation methods to integrate the embeddings of items and the corresponding side information. Experimental results from offline experiments show that methods incorporating side information are superior to those that do not. Further, we describe the platform upon which the embedding methods are deployed and the workflow to process the billion-scale data in Taobao. Using A/B test, we show that the online Click-Through-Rates (CTRs) are improved comparing to the previous collaborative filtering based methods widely used in Taobao, further demonstrating the effectiveness and feasibility of our proposed methods in Taobao's live production environment.	Billion-scale Commodity Embedding for E-commerce Recommendation in Alibaba	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yaqing Wang:Fenglong Ma:Zhiwei Jin:Ye Yuan:Guangxu Xun:Kishlay Jha:Lu Su:Jing Gao	As news reading on social media becomes more and more popular, fake news becomes a major issue concerning the public and government. The fake news can take advantage of multimedia content to mislead readers and get dissemination, which can cause negative effects or even manipulate the public events. One of the unique challenges for fake news detection on social media is how to identify fake news on newly emerged events. Unfortunately, most of the existing approaches can hardly handle this challenge, since they tend to learn event-specific features that can not be transferred to unseen events. In order to address this issue, we propose an end-to-end framework named Event Adversarial Neural Network (EANN), which can derive event-invariant features and thus benefit the detection of fake news on newly arrived events. It consists of three main components: the multi-modal feature extractor, the fake news detector, and the event discriminator. The multi-modal feature extractor is responsible for extracting the textual and visual features from posts. It cooperates with the fake news detector to learn the discriminable representation for the detection of fake news. The role of event discriminator is to remove the event-specific features and keep shared features among events. Extensive experiments are conducted on multimedia datasets collected from Weibo and Twitter. The experimental results show our proposed EANN model can outperform the state-of-the-art methods, and learn transferable feature representations.	EANN: Event Adversarial Neural Networks for Multi-Modal Fake News Detection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zheng Wang:Kun Fu:Jieping Ye	Vehicle travel time estimation or estimated time of arrival (ETA) is one of the most important location-based services (LBS). It is becoming increasingly important and has been widely used as a basic service in navigation systems and intelligent transportation systems. This paper presents a novel machine learning solution to predict the vehicle travel time based on floating-car data. First, we formulate ETA as a pure spatial-temporal regression problem based on a large set of effective features. Second, we adapt different existing machine learning models to solve the regression problem. Furthermore, we propose a Wide-Deep-Recurrent (WDR) learning model to accurately predict the travel time along a given route at a given departure time. We then jointly train wide linear models, deep neural networks and recurrent neural networks together to take full advantages of all three models. We evaluate our solution offline with millions of historical vehicle travel data. We also deploy the proposed solution on Didi Chuxing's platform, which services billions of ETA requests and benefits millions of customers per day. Our extensive evaluations show that our proposed deep learning algorithm significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art learning algorithms, as well as the solutions provided by leading industry LBS providers.	Learning to Estimate the Travel Time	NA:NA:NA	2018
Serene W.H. Wong:Chiara Pastrello:Max Kotlyar:Christos Faloutsos:Igor Jurisica	Given a large, dynamic graph, how can we trace the activities of groups of vertices over time? Given a dynamic biological graph modeling a given disease progression, which genes interact closely at the early stage of the disease, and their interactions are being disrupted in the latter stage of the disease? Which genes interact sparsely at the early stage of the disease, and their interactions increase as the disease progresses? Knowing the answers to these questions is important as they give insights to the underlying molecular mechanism to disease progression, and potential treatments that target these mechanisms can be developed. There are three main contributions to this paper. First, we designed a novel algorithm, SDREGION, that identifies subgraphs that decrease or increase in density monotonically over time, referred to as d-regions or i-regions, respectively. We introduced the objective function, -density, for identifying d-(i-)regions. Second, SDREGION is a generic algorithm, applicable across several real datasets. In this manuscript, we showed its effectiveness, and made observations in the modeling of the progression of lung cancer. In particular, we observed that SDREGION identified d-(i-)regions that capture mechanisms that align with literature. Importantly, findings that were identified but were not retrospectively validated by literature may provide novel mechanisms in tumor progression that will guide future biological experiments. Third, SDREGION is scalable with a time complexity of O(mlogn + nlogn) where m is the number of edges, and n is the number of vertices in a given dynamic graph.	SDREGION: Fast Spotting of Changing Communities in Biological Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuxiang Xie:Nanyu Chen:Xiaolin Shi	Online controlled experiments (a.k.a. A/B testing) have been used as the mantra for data-driven decision making on feature changing and product shipping in many Internet companies. However, it is still a great challenge to systematically measure how every code or feature change impacts millions of users with great heterogeneity (e.g. countries, ages, devices). The most commonly used A/B testing framework in many companies is based on Average Treatment Effect (ATE), which cannot detect the heterogeneity of treatment effect on users with different characteristics. In this paper, we propose statistical methods that can systematically and accurately identify Heterogeneous Treatment Effect (HTE) of any user cohort of interest (e.g. mobile device type, country), and determine which factors (e.g. age, gender) of users contribute to the heterogeneity of the treatment effect in an A/B test. By applying these methods on both simulation data and real-world experimentation data, we show how they work robustly with controlled low False Discover Rate (FDR), and at the same time, provides us with useful insights about the heterogeneity of identified user groups. We have deployed a toolkit based on these methods, and have used it to measure the Heterogeneous Treatment Effect of many A/B tests at Snap.	False Discovery Rate Controlled Heterogeneous Treatment Effect Detection for Online Controlled Experiments	NA:NA:NA	2018
SHEN Xin:Hongxia Yang:Weizhao Xian:Martin Ester:Jiajun Bu:Zhongyao Wang:Can Wang	The e-commerce era is witnessing a rapid increase of mobile Internet users. Major e-commerce companies nowadays see billions of mobile accesses every day. Hidden in these records are valuable user behavioral characteristics such as their shopping preferences and browsing patterns. And, to extract these knowledge from the huge dataset, we need to first link records to the corresponding mobile devices. This Mobile Access Records Resolution (MARR) problem is confronted with two major challenges: (1) device identifiers and other attributes in access records might be missing or unreliable; (2) the dataset contains billions of access records from millions of devices. To the best of our knowledge, as a novel challenge industrial problem of mobile Internet, no existing method has been developed to resolve entities using mobile device identifiers in such a massive scale. To address these issues, we propose a SParse Identifier-linkage Graph (SPI-Graph) accompanied with the abundant mobile device profiling data to accurately match mobile access records to devices. Furthermore, two versions (unsupervised and semi-supervised) of Parallel Graph-based Record Resolution (PGRR) algorithm are developed to effectively exploit the advantages of the large-scale server clusters comprising of more than 1,000 computing nodes. We empirically show superior performances of PGRR algorithms in a very challenging and sparse real data set containing 5.28 million nodes and 31.06 million edges from 2.15 billion access records compared to other state-of-the-arts methodologies.	Mobile Access Record Resolution on Large-Scale Identifier-Linkage Graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ya Xu:Weitao Duan:Shaochen Huang	Controlled experimentation, also called A/B testing, is widely adopted to accelerate product innovations in the online world. However, how fast we innovate can be limited by how we run experiments. Most experiments go through a "ramp up" process where we gradually increase the traffic to the new treatment to 100%. We have seen huge inefficiency and risk in how experiments are ramped, and it is getting in the way of innovation. This can go both ways: we ramp too slowly and much time and resource is wasted; or we ramp too fast and suboptimal decisions are made. In this paper, we build up a ramping framework that can effectively balance among Speed, Quality and Risk (SQR). We start out by identifying the top common mistakes experimenters make, and then introduce the four SQR principles corresponding to the four ramp phases of an experiment. To truly scale SQR to all experiments, we develop a statistical algorithm that is embedded into the process of running every experiment to automatically recommend ramp decisions. Finally, to complete the whole picture, we briefly cover the auto-ramp engineering infrastructure that can collect inputs and execute on the recommendations timely and reliably.	SQR: Balancing Speed, Quality and Risk in Online Experiments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhe Xu:Zhixin Li:Qingwen Guan:Dingshui Zhang:Qiang Li:Junxiao Nan:Chunyang Liu:Wei Bian:Jieping Ye	We present a novel order dispatch algorithm in large-scale on-demand ride-hailing platforms. While traditional order dispatch approaches usually focus on immediate customer satisfaction, the proposed algorithm is designed to provide a more efficient way to optimize resource utilization and user experience in a global and more farsighted view. In particular, we model order dispatch as a large-scale sequential decision-making problem, where the decision of assigning an order to a driver is determined by a centralized algorithm in a coordinated way. The problem is solved in a learning and planning manner: 1) based on historical data, we first summarize demand and supply patterns into a spatiotemporal quantization, each of which indicates the expected value of a driver being in a particular state; 2) a planning step is conducted in real-time, where each driver-order-pair is valued in consideration of both immediate rewards and future gains, and then dispatch is solved using a combinatorial optimizing algorithm. Through extensive offline experiments and online AB tests, the proposed approach delivers remarkable improvement on the platform's efficiency and has been successfully deployed in the production system of Didi Chuxing.	Large-Scale Order Dispatch in On-Demand Ride-Hailing Platforms: A Learning and Planning Approach	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Carl Yang:Xiaolin Shi:Luo Jie:Jiawei Han	As online platforms are striving to get more users, a critical challenge is user churn, which is especially concerning for new users. In this paper, by taking the anonymous large-scale real-world data from Snapchat as an example, we develop ClusChurn , a systematic two-step framework for interpretable new user clustering and churn prediction, based on the intuition that proper user clustering can help understand and predict user churn. Therefore, ClusChurn firstly groups new users into interpretable typical clusters, based on their activities on the platform and ego-network structures. Then we design a novel deep learning pipeline based on LSTM and attention to accurately predict user churn with very limited initial behavior data, by leveraging the correlations among users' multi- dimensional activities and the underlying user types. ClusChurn is also able to predict user types, which enables rapid reactions to different types of user churn. Extensive data analysis and experiments show that ClusChurn provides valuable insight into user behaviors, and achieves state-of-the-art churn prediction performance. The whole framework is deployed as a data analysis pipeline, delivering real-time data analysis and prediction results to multiple relevant teams for business intelligence uses. It is also general enough to be readily adopted by any online systems with user behavior data.	I Know You'll Be Back: Interpretable New User Clustering and Churn Prediction on a Mobile Social Application	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xulei Yang:Zeng Zeng:Sin G. Teo:Li Wang:Vijay Chandrasekhar:Steven Hoi	In past years, deep convolutional neural networks (DCNN) have achieved big successes in image classification and object detection, as demonstrated on ImageNet in academic field. However, There are some unique practical challenges remain for real-world image recognition applications, e.g., small size of the objects, imbalanced data distributions, limited labeled data samples, etc. In this work, we are making efforts to deal with these challenges through a computational framework by incorporating latest developments in deep learning. In terms of two-stage detection scheme, pseudo labeling, data augmentation, cross-validation and ensemble learning, the proposed framework aims to achieve better performances for practical image recognition applications as compared to using standard deep learning methods. The proposed framework has recently been deployed as the key kernel for several image recognition competitions organized by Kaggle. The performance is promising as our final private scores were ranked 4 out of 2293 teams for fish recognition on the challenge "The Nature Conservancy Fisheries Monitoring" and 3 out of 834 teams for cervix recognition on the challenge "Intel &MobileODT Cervical Cancer Screening", and several others. We believe that by sharing the solutions, we can further promote the applications of deep learning techniques.	Deep Learning for Practical Image Recognition: Case Study on Kaggle Competitions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Peng Ye:Julian Qian:Jieying Chen:Chen-hung Wu:Yitong Zhou:Spencer De Mars:Frank Yang:Li Zhang	This paper describes the pricing strategy model deployed at Airbnb, an online marketplace for sharing home and experience. The goal of price optimization is to help hosts who share their homes on Airbnb set the optimal price for their listings. In contrast to conventional pricing problems, where pricing strategies are applied to a large quantity of identical products, there are no "identical" products on Airbnb, because each listing on our platform offers unique values and experiences to our guests. The unique nature of Airbnb listings makes it very difficult to estimate an accurate demand curve that's required to apply conventional revenue maximization pricing strategies. Our pricing system consists of three components. First, a binary classification model predicts the booking probability of each listing-night. Second, a regression model predicts the optimal price for each listing-night, in which a customized loss function is used to guide the learning. Finally, we apply additional personalization logic on top of the output from the second model to generate the final price suggestions. In this paper, we focus on describing the regression model in the second stage of our pricing system. We also describe a novel set of metrics for offline evaluation. The proposed pricing strategy has been deployed in production to power the Price Tips and Smart Pricing tool on Airbnb. Online A/B testing results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed strategy model.	Customized Regression Model for Airbnb Dynamic Pricing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ting Ye:Hucheng Zhou:Will Y. Zou:Bin Gao:Ruofei Zhang	Relevance ranking models based on additive ensembles of regression trees have shown quite good effectiveness in web search engines. In the era of big data, tree ensemble models grow large in both tree depth and ensemble size to provide even better search relevance and user experience. However, the computational cost for their scoring process is high, such that it becomes a challenging issue to apply the big tree ensemble models in a search engine which needs to answer thousands of queries per second. Although several works have been proposed to improve the scoring process, the challenge is still great especially when the model size grows large. In this paper, we present RapidScorer , a novel framework for speeding up the scoring process of industry-scale tree ensemble models, without hurting the quality of scoring results. RapidScorer introduces a modified run length encoding called epitome to the bitvector representation of the tree nodes. Epitome can greatly reduce the computation cost to traverse the tree ensemble, and work with several other proposed strategies to maximize the compactness of data units in memory. The achieved compactness makes it possible to fully utilize data parallelization to improve model scalability. Experiments on two web search benchmarks show that, RapidScorer achieves significant speed-up over the state-of-the-art methods: V-QuickScorer , ranging from 1.3x to 3.5x; QuickScorer , ranging from 2.1x to 25.0x; VPred , ranging from 2.3x to 18.3x; and XGBoost , ranging from 2.6x to 42.5x.	RapidScorer: Fast Tree Ensemble Evaluation by Maximizing Compactness in Data Level Parallelization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiuwen Yi:Junbo Zhang:Zhaoyuan Wang:Tianrui Li:Yu Zheng	Accompanying the rapid urbanization, many developing countries are suffering from serious air pollution problem. The demand for predicting future air quality is becoming increasingly more important to government's policy-making and people's decision making. In this paper, we predict the air quality of next 48 hours for each monitoring station, considering air quality data, meteorology data, and weather forecast data. Based on the domain knowledge about air pollution, we propose a deep neural network (DNN)-based approach (entitled DeepAir), which consists of a spatial transformation component and a deep distributed fusion network. Considering air pollutants' spatial correlations, the former component converts the spatial sparse air quality data into a consistent input to simulate the pollutant sources. The latter network adopts a neural distributed architecture to fuse heterogeneous urban data for simultaneously capturing the factors affecting air quality, e.g. meteorological conditions. We deployed DeepAir in our AirPollutionPrediction system, providing fine-grained air quality forecasts for 300+ Chinese cities every hour. The experimental results on the data from three-year nine Chinese-city demonstrate the advantages of DeepAir beyond 10 baseline methods. Comparing with the previous online approach in AirPollutionPrediction system, we have 2.4%, 12.2%, 63.2% relative accuracy improvements on short-term, long-term and sudden changes prediction, respectively.	Deep Distributed Fusion Network for Air Quality Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rex Ying:Ruining He:Kaifeng Chen:Pong Eksombatchai:William L. Hamilton:Jure Leskovec	Recent advancements in deep neural networks for graph-structured data have led to state-of-the-art performance on recommender system benchmarks. However, making these methods practical and scalable to web-scale recommendation tasks with billions of items and hundreds of millions of users remains an unsolved challenge. Here we describe a large-scale deep recommendation engine that we developed and deployed at Pinterest. We develop a data-efficient Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) algorithm, which combines efficient random walks and graph convolutions to generate embeddings of nodes (i.e., items) that incorporate both graph structure as well as node feature information. Compared to prior GCN approaches, we develop a novel method based on highly efficient random walks to structure the convolutions and design a novel training strategy that relies on harder-and-harder training examples to improve robustness and convergence of the model. We also develop an efficient MapReduce model inference algorithm to generate embeddings using a trained model. Overall, we can train on and embed graphs that are four orders of magnitude larger than typical GCN implementations. We show how GCN embeddings can be used to make high-quality recommendations in various settings at Pinterest, which has a massive underlying graph with 3 billion nodes representing pins and boards, and 17 billion edges. According to offline metrics, user studies, as well as A/B tests, our approach generates higher-quality recommendations than comparable deep learning based systems. To our knowledge, this is by far the largest application of deep graph embeddings to date and paves the way for a new generation of web-scale recommender systems based on graph convolutional architectures.	Graph Convolutional Neural Networks for Web-Scale Recommender Systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhuoning Yuan:Xun Zhou:Tianbao Yang	Predicting traffic accidents is a crucial problem to improving transportation and public safety as well as safe routing. The problem is also challenging due to the rareness of accidents in space and time and spatial heterogeneity of the environment (e.g., urban vs. rural). Most previous research on traffic accident prediction conducted by domain researchers simply applied classical prediction models on limited data without addressing the above challenges properly, thus leading to unsatisfactory performance. A small number of recent works have attempted to use deep learning for traffic accident prediction. However, they either ignore time information or use only data from a small and homogeneous study area (a city), without handling spatial heterogeneity and temporal auto-correlation properly at the same time. In this paper we perform a comprehensive study on the traffic accident prediction problem using the Convolutional Long Short-Term Memory (ConvLSTM) neural network model. A number of detailed features such as weather, environment, road condition, and traffic volume are extracted from big datasets over the state of Iowa across 8 years. To address the spatial heterogeneity challenge in the data, we propose a Hetero-ConvLSTM framework, where a few novel ideas are implemented on top of the basic ConvLSTM model, such as incorporating spatial graph features and spatial model ensemble. Extensive experiments on the 8-year data over the entire state of Iowa show that the proposed framework makes reasonably accurate predictions and significantly improves the prediction accuracy over baseline approaches.	Hetero-ConvLSTM: A Deep Learning Approach to Traffic Accident Prediction on Heterogeneous Spatio-Temporal Data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yanhao Zhang:Pan Pan:Yun Zheng:Kang Zhao:Yingya Zhang:Xiaofeng Ren:Rong Jin	This paper introduces the large scale visual search algorithm and system infrastructure at Alibaba. The following challenges are discussed under the E-commercial circumstance at Alibaba (a) how to handle heterogeneous image data and bridge the gap between real-shot images from user query and the online images. (b) how to deal with large scale indexing for massive updating data. (c) how to train deep models for effective feature representation without huge human annotations. (d) how to improve the user engagement by considering the quality of the content. We take advantage of large image collection of Alibaba and state-of-the-art deep learning techniques to perform visual search at scale. We present solutions and implementation details to overcome those problems and also share our learnings from building such a large scale commercial visual search engine. Specifically, model and search-based fusion approach is introduced to effectively predict categories. Also, we propose a deep CNN model for joint detection and feature learning by mining user click behavior. The binary index engine is designed to scale up indexing without compromising recall and precision. Finally, we apply all the stages into an end-to-end system architecture, which can simultaneously achieve highly efficient and scalable performance adapting to real-shot images. Extensive experiments demonstrate the advancement of each module in our system. We hope visual search at Alibaba becomes more widely incorporated into today's commercial applications.	Visual Search at Alibaba	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yutao Zhang:Fanjin Zhang:Peiran Yao:Jie Tang	AMiner 1 is a free online academic search and mining system, having collected more than 130,000,000 researcher profiles and over 200,000,000 papers from multiple publication databases [25]. In this paper, we present the implementation and deployment of name disambiguation , a core component in AMiner. The problem has been studied for decades but remains largely unsolved. In AMiner, we did a systemic investigation into the problem and propose a comprehensive framework to address the problem. We propose a novel representation learning method by incorporating both global and local information and present an end-to-end cluster size estimation method that is significantly better than traditional BIC-based method. To improve accuracy, we involve human annotators into the disambiguation process. We carefully evaluate the proposed framework on real-world large data and experimental results show that the proposed solution achieves clearly better performance (+7-35% in terms of F1-score) than several state-of-the-art methods including GHOST [5], Zhang et al. [33], and Louppe et al. [17]. Finally, the algorithm has been deployed in AMiner to deal with the disambiguation problem at the billion scale, which further demonstrates both effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed framework.	Name Disambiguation in AMiner: Clustering, Maintenance, and Human in the Loop.	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bo Zhao:Koichiro Narita:Burkay Orten:John Egan	Notifications (including emails, mobile / desktop push notifications, SMS, etc.) are very effective channels for online services to engage with users and drive user engagement metrics and other business metrics. One of the most important and challenging problems in a production notification system is to decide the right frequency for each user. In this paper, we propose a novel machine learning approach to decide notification volume for each user such that long term user engagement is optimized. We will also discuss a few practical issues and design choices we have made. The new system has been deployed to production at Pinterest in mid 2017 and significantly reduced notification volume and improved CTR of notifications and site engagement metrics compared with the previous machine learning approach.	Notification Volume Control and Optimization System at Pinterest	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jun Zhao:Guang Qiu:Ziyu Guan:Wei Zhao:Xiaofei He	Bidding optimization is one of the most critical problems in online advertising. Sponsored search (SS) auction, due to the randomness of user query behavior and platform nature, usually adopts keyword-level bidding strategies. In contrast, the display advertising (DA), as a relatively simpler scenario for auction, has taken advantage of real-time bidding (RTB) to boost the performance for advertisers. In this paper, we consider the RTB problem in sponsored search auction, named SS-RTB. SS-RTB has a much more complex dynamic environment, due to stochastic user query behavior and more complex bidding policies based on multiple keywords of an ad. Most previous methods for DA cannot be applied. We propose a reinforcement learning (RL) solution for handling the complex dynamic environment. Although some RL methods have been proposed for online advertising, they all fail to address the "environment changing'' problem: the state transition probabilities vary between two days. Motivated by the observation that auction sequences of two days share similar transition patterns at a proper aggregation level, we formulate a robust MDP model at hour-aggregation level of the auction data and propose a control-by-model framework for SS-RTB. Rather than generating bid prices directly, we decide a bidding model for impressions of each hour and perform real-time bidding accordingly. We also extend the method to handle the multi-agent problem. We deployed the SS-RTB system in the e-commerce search auction platform of Alibaba. Empirical experiments of offline evaluation and online A/B test demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.	Deep Reinforcement Learning for Sponsored Search Real-time Bidding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kui Zhao:Yuechuan Li:Zhaoqian Shuai:Cheng Yang	Many machine intelligence techniques are developed in E-commerce and one of the most essential components is the representation of IDs, including user ID, item ID, product ID, store ID, brand ID, category ID etc. The classical encoding based methods (like one-hot encoding) are inefficient in that it suffers sparsity problems due to its high dimension, and it cannot reflect the relationships among IDs, either homogeneous or heterogeneous ones. In this paper, we propose an embedding based framework to learn and transfer the representation of IDs. As the implicit feedbacks of users, a tremendous amount of item ID sequences can be easily collected from the interactive sessions. By jointly using these informative sequences and the structural connections among IDs, all types of IDs can be embedded into one low-dimensional semantic space. Subsequently, the learned representations are utilized and transferred in four scenarios: (i) measuring the similarity between items, (ii) transferring from seen items to unseen items, (iii) transferring across different domains, (iv) transferring across different tasks. We deploy and evaluate the proposed approach in Hema App and the results validate its effectiveness.	Learning and Transferring IDs Representation in E-commerce	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiangyu Zhao:Liang Zhang:Zhuoye Ding:Long Xia:Jiliang Tang:Dawei Yin	Recommender systems play a crucial role in mitigating the problem of information overload by suggesting users' personalized items or services. The vast majority of traditional recommender systems consider the recommendation procedure as a static process and make recommendations following a fixed strategy. In this paper, we propose a novel recommender system with the capability of continuously improving its strategies during the interactions with users. We model the sequential interactions between users and a recommender system as a Markov Decision Process (MDP) and leverage Reinforcement Learning (RL) to automatically learn the optimal strategies via recommending trial-and-error items and receiving reinforcements of these items from users' feedback. Users' feedback can be positive and negative and both types of feedback have great potentials to boost recommendations. However, the number of negative feedback is much larger than that of positive one; thus incorporating them simultaneously is challenging since positive feedback could be buried by negative one. In this paper, we develop a novel approach to incorporate them into the proposed deep recommender system (DEERS) framework. The experimental results based on real-world e-commerce data demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework. Further experiments have been conducted to understand the importance of both positive and negative feedback in recommendations.	Recommendations with Negative Feedback via Pairwise Deep Reinforcement Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Guineng Zheng:Subhabrata Mukherjee:Xin Luna Dong:Feifei Li	Extraction of missing attribute values is to find values describing an attribute of interest from a free text input. Most past related work on extraction of missing attribute values work with a closed world assumption with the possible set of values known beforehand, or use dictionaries of values and hand-crafted features. How can we discover new attribute values that we have never seen before? Can we do this with limited human annotation or supervision? We study this problem in the context of product catalogs that often have missing values for many attributes of interest. In this work, we leverage product profile information such as titles and descriptions to discover missing values of product attributes. We develop a novel deep tagging model OpenTag for this extraction problem with the following contributions: (1) we formalize the problem as a sequence tagging task, and propose a joint model exploiting recurrent neural networks (specifically, bidirectional LSTM) to capture context and semantics, and Conditional Random Fields (CRF) to enforce tagging consistency; (2) we develop a novel attention mechanism to provide interpretable explanation for our model's decisions; (3) we propose a novel sampling strategy exploring active learning to reduce the burden of human annotation. OpenTag does not use any dictionary or hand-crafted features as in prior works. Extensive experiments in real-life datasets in different domains show that OpenTag with our active learning strategy discovers new attribute values from as few as 150 annotated samples (reduction in 3.3x amount of annotation effort) with a high F-score of 83%, outperforming state-of-the-art models.	OpenTag: Open Attribute Value Extraction from Product Profiles	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Guorui Zhou:Xiaoqiang Zhu:Chenru Song:Ying Fan:Han Zhu:Xiao Ma:Yanghui Yan:Junqi Jin:Han Li:Kun Gai	Click-through rate prediction is an essential task in industrial applications, such as online advertising. Recently deep learning based models have been proposed, which follow a similar Embedding&MLP paradigm. In these methods large scale sparse input features are first mapped into low dimensional embedding vectors, and then transformed into fixed-length vectors in a group-wise manner, finally concatenated together to fed into a multilayer perceptron (MLP) to learn the nonlinear relations among features. In this way, user features are compressed into a fixed-length representation vector, in regardless of what candidate ads are. The use of fixed-length vector will be a bottleneck, which brings difficulty for Embedding&MLP methods to capture user's diverse interests effectively from rich historical behaviors. In this paper, we propose a novel model: Deep Interest Network (DIN) which tackles this challenge by designing a local activation unit to adaptively learn the representation of user interests from historical behaviors with respect to a certain ad. This representation vector varies over different ads, improving the expressive ability of model greatly. Besides, we develop two techniques: mini-batch aware regularization and data adaptive activation function which can help training industrial deep networks with hundreds of millions of parameters. Experiments on two public datasets as well as an Alibaba real production dataset with over 2 billion samples demonstrate the effectiveness of proposed approaches, which achieve superior performance compared with state-of-the-art methods. DIN now has been successfully deployed in the online display advertising system in Alibaba, serving the main traffic.	Deep Interest Network for Click-Through Rate Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiao Zhou:Anastasios Noulas:Cecilia Mascolo:Zhongxiang Zhao	Cultural activity is an inherent aspect of urban life and the success of a modern city is largely determined by its capacity to offer generous cultural entertainment to its citizens. To this end, the optimal allocation of cultural establishments and related resources across urban regions becomes of vital importance, as it can reduce financial costs in terms of planning and improve quality of life in the city, more generally. In this paper, we make use of a large longitudinal dataset of user location check-ins from the online social network WeChat to develop a data-driven framework for cultural planning in the city of Beijing. We exploit rich spatio-temporal representations on user activity at cultural venues and use a novel extended version of the traditional latent Dirichlet allocation model that incorporates temporal information to identify latent patterns of urban cultural interactions. Using the characteristic typologies of mobile user cultural activities emitted by the model, we determine the levels of demand for different types of cultural resources across urban areas. We then compare those with the corresponding levels of supply as driven by the presence and spatial reach of cultural venues in local areas to obtain high resolution maps that indicate urban regions with lack of cultural resources, and thus give suggestions for further urban cultural planning and investment optimisation.	Discovering Latent Patterns of Urban Cultural Interactions in WeChat for Modern City Planning	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Han Zhu:Xiang Li:Pengye Zhang:Guozheng Li:Jie He:Han Li:Kun Gai	Model-based methods for recommender systems have been studied extensively in recent years. In systems with large corpus, however, the calculation cost for the learnt model to predict all user-item preferences is tremendous, which makes full corpus retrieval extremely difficult. To overcome the calculation barriers, models such as matrix factorization resort to inner product form (i.e., model user-item preference as the inner product of user, item latent factors) and indexes to facilitate efficient approximate k-nearest neighbor searches. However, it still remains challenging to incorporate more expressive interaction forms between user and item features, e.g., interactions through deep neural networks, because of the calculation cost. In this paper, we focus on the problem of introducing arbitrary advanced models to recommender systems with large corpus. We propose a novel tree-based method which can provide logarithmic complexity w.r.t. corpus size even with more expressive models such as deep neural networks. Our main idea is to predict user interests from coarse to fine by traversing tree nodes in a top-down fashion and making decisions for each user-node pair. We also show that the tree structure can be jointly learnt towards better compatibility with users' interest distribution and hence facilitate both training and prediction. Experimental evaluations with two large-scale real-world datasets show that the proposed method significantly outperforms traditional methods. Online A/B test results in Taobao display advertising platform also demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method in production environments.	Learning Tree-based Deep Model for Recommender Systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rediet Abebe:Jon Kleinberg:David Parkes:Charalampos E. Tsourakakis	A long line of work in social psychology has studied variations in people's susceptibility to persuasion -- the extent to which they are willing to modify their opinions on a topic. This body of literature suggests an interesting perspective on theoretical models of opinion formation on social networks: in addition to considering interventions that directly modify people's intrinsic opinions, it is also natural to consider those that modify people's susceptibility to persuasion. Here, we adopt a popular model for social opinion dynamics, and formalize the opinion maximization and minimization problems where interventions happen at the level of susceptibility. We show that modeling interventions at the level of susceptibility leads to an interesting family of new questions in network opinion dynamics. We find that the questions are quite different depending on whether there is an overall budget constraining the number of agents we can target or not. We give a polynomial-time algorithm for finding the optimal target-set to optimize the sum of opinions when there are no budget constraints on the size of the target-set. We show that this problem is NP-hard when there is a budget, and that the objective function is neither submodular nor supermodular. Finally, we propose a heuristic for the budgeted opinion optimization problem and show its efficacy at finding target-sets that optimize the sum of opinions on real world networks, including a Twitter network with real opinion estimates.	Opinion Dynamics with Varying Susceptibility to Persuasion	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ayan Acharya:Joydeep Ghosh:Mingyuan Zhou	The abundance of digital text has led to extensive research on topic models that reason about documents using latent representations. Since for many online or streaming textual sources such as news outlets, the number, and nature of topics change over time, there have been several efforts that attempt to address such situations using dynamic versions of topic models. Unfortunately, existing approaches encounter more complex inferencing when their model parameters are varied over time, resulting in high computation complexity and performance degradation. This paper introduces the DM-DTM, a dual Markov chain dynamic topic model, for characterizing a corpus that evolves over time. This model uses a gamma Markov chain and a Dirichlet Markov chain to allow the topic popularities and word-topic assignments, respectively, to vary smoothly over time. Novel applications of the Negative-Binomial augmentation trick result in simple, efficient, closed-form updates of all the required conditional posteriors, resulting in far lower computational requirements as well as less sensitivity to initial conditions, as compared to existing approaches. Moreover, via a gamma process prior, the number of desired topics is inferred directly from the data rather than being pre-specified and can vary as the data changes. Empirical comparisons using multiple real-world corpora demonstrate a clear superiority of DM-DTM over strong baselines for both static and dynamic topic models.	A Dual Markov Chain Topic Model for Dynamic Environments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Aris Anagnostopoulos:Carlos Castillo:Adriano Fazzone:Stefano Leonardi:Evimaria Terzi	Although freelancing work has grown substantially in recent years, in part facilitated by a number of online labor marketplaces, %(e.g., Guru, Freelancer, Amazon Mechanical Turk), traditional forms of "in-sourcing" work continue being the dominant form of employment. % in most companies. This means that, at least for the time being, freelancing and salaried employment will continue to co-exist. In this paper, we provide algorithms for outsourcing and hiring workers in a general setting, where workers form a team and contribute different skills to perform a task. We call this model team formation with outsourcing. In our model, tasks arrive in an online fashion: neither the number nor the composition of the tasks are known a-priori. At any point in time, there is a team of hired workers who receive a fixed salary independently of the work they perform. This team is dynamic: new members can be hired and existing members can be fired, at some cost. Additionally, some parts of the arriving tasks can be outsourced and thus completed by non-team members, at a premium. Our contribution is an efficient online cost-minimizing algorithm for hiring and firing team members and outsourcing tasks. We present theoretical bounds obtained using a primal--dual scheme proving that our algorithms have logarithmic competitive approximation ratio. We complement these results with experiments using semi-synthetic datasets based on actual task requirements and worker skills from three large online labor marketplaces.	Algorithms for Hiring and Outsourcing in the Online Labor Market	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Olivier Bachem:Mario Lucic:Andreas Krause	\emphCoresets are compact representations of data sets such that models trained on a coreset are provably competitive with models trained on the full data set. As such, they have been successfully used to scale up clustering models to massive data sets. While existing approaches generally only allow for multiplicative approximation errors, we propose a novel notion of lightweight coresets that allows for both multiplicative and additive errors. We provide a single algorithm to construct lightweight coresets for k -means clustering as well as soft and hard Bregman clustering. The algorithm is substantially faster than existing constructions, embarrassingly parallel, and the resulting coresets are smaller. We further show that the proposed approach naturally generalizes to statistical k -means clustering and that, compared to existing results, it can be used to compute smaller summaries for empirical risk minimization. In extensive experiments, we demonstrate that the proposed algorithm outperforms existing data summarization strategies in practice.	Scalable k -Means Clustering via Lightweight Coresets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zilong Bai:Buyue Qian:Ian Davidson	Block models of graphs are used in a wide variety of domains as they find not only clusters (the blocks) but also interaction within and between the blocks. However, existing approaches primarily focus on either structural graphs (i.e. for MRI scans) or behavioral graphs (i.e. for fMRI scans). In both cases the block model's interaction or mixing matrix can be useful for understanding potential interaction (for structural graphs) and actual interaction (for behavioral graphs) between the blocks. In this paper we explore finding block models where there is both a structural network and multiple behavioral graphs. This provides significant modeling challenges, consider if there is strong behavioral connectivity but no structural connectivity between two nodes. We show why existing multi-graph settings such as multi-view learning are insufficient and instead propose a novel model to address the problem. Our method not only learns structurally and behaviorally cohesive blocks of nodes but also finds structurally and behaviorally feasible block interactions. We show in numerical evaluations on synthetic data that our method outperforms baseline approaches in recovering the ground-truth factor matrices in increasingly complex situations. We further apply our method to real-world datasets from two different domains (1) brain imaging data (a multi-cohort fMRI study) and to show its versatility (2) Twitter (following network and retweet behavior) and gain insights into the information flow and underlying generating mechanisms of these complex data.	Discovering Models from Structural and Behavioral Brain Imaging Data	NA:NA:NA	2018
MohammadHossein Bateni:Hossein Esfandiari:Vahab Mirrokni	We present distributed algorithms for several classes of submodular optimization problems such as k-cover, set cover, facility location, and probabilistic coverage. The new algorithms enjoy almost optimal space complexity, optimal approximation guarantees, optimal communication complexity (and run in only four rounds of computation), addressing major shortcomings of prior work. We first present a distributed algorithm for k-cover using only Ã•(n) space per machine, and then extend it to several submodular optimization problems, improving previous results for all the above problems-e.g., our algorithm for facility location problem improves the space of the best-known algorithm (Lindgren et al.). Our algorithms are implementable in various distributed frameworks such as MapReduce and RAM models. On the hardness side, we demonstrate the limitations of uniform sampling via an information theoretic argument. Furthermore, we perform an extensive empirical study of our algorithms (implemented in MapReduce) on a variety of datasets. We observe that using sketches 30-600 times smaller than the input, one can solve the coverage maximization problem with quality very close to that of the state-of-the-art single machine algorithm. Finally, we demonstrate an application of our algorithm in large-scale feature selection	Optimal Distributed Submodular Optimization via Sketching	NA:NA:NA	2018
Austin R. Benson:Ravi Kumar:Andrew Tomkins	Sequential behavior such as sending emails, gathering in groups, tagging posts, or authoring academic papers may be characterized by a set of recipients, attendees, tags, or coauthors respectively. Such "sequences of sets" show complex repetition behavior, sometimes repeating prior sets wholesale, and sometimes creating new sets from partial copies or partial merges of earlier sets.  In this paper, we provide a stochastic model to capture these patterns. The model has two classes of parameters. First, a correlation parameter determines how much of an earlier set will contribute to a future set. Second, a vector of recency parameters captures the fact that a set in a sequence is more similar to recent sets than more distant ones. Comparing against a strong baseline, we find that modeling both correlation and recency structures are required for high accuracy. We also find that both parameter classes vary widely across domains, so must be optimized on a per-dataset basis. We present the model in detail, provide a theoretical examination of its asymptotic behavior, and perform a set of detailed experiments on its predictive performance.	Sequences of Sets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lei Cai:Zhengyang Wang:Hongyang Gao:Dinggang Shen:Shuiwang Ji	Multi-modality data are widely used in clinical applications, such as tumor detection and brain disease diagnosis. Different modalities can usually provide complementary information, which commonly leads to improved performance. However, some modalities are commonly missing for some subjects due to various technical and practical reasons. As a result, multi-modality data are usually incomplete, raising the multi-modality missing data completion problem. In this work, we formulate the problem as a conditional image generation task and propose an encoder-decoder deep neural network to tackle this problem. Specifically, the model takes the existing modality as input and generates the missing modality. By employing an auxiliary adversarial loss, our model is able to generate high-quality missing modality images. At the same time, we propose to incorporate the available category information of subjects in training to enable the model to generate more informative images. We evaluate our method on the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative~(ADNI) database, where positron emission tomography~(PET) modalities are missing. Experimental results show that the trained network can generate high-quality PET modalities based on existing magnetic resonance imaging~(MRI) modalities, and provide complementary information to improve the detection and tracking of the Alzheimer's disease. Our results also show that the proposed methods generate higher quality images than baseline methods as measured by various image quality statistics.	Deep Adversarial Learning for Multi-Modality Missing Data Completion	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chen Chen:Ruiyue Peng:Lei Ying:Hanghang Tong	Network connectivity optimization, which aims to manipulate network connectivity by changing its underlying topology, is a fundamental task behind a wealth of high-impact data mining applications, ranging from immunization, critical infrastructure construction, social collaboration mining, bioinformatics analysis, to intelligent transportation system design. To tackle its exponential computation complexity, greedy algorithms have been extensively used for network connectivity optimization by exploiting its diminishing returns property. Despite the empirical success, two key challenges largely remain open. First, on the theoretic side, the hardness, as well as the approximability of the general network connectivity optimization problem are still nascent except for a few special instances. Second, on the algorithmic side, current algorithms are often hard to balance between the optimization quality and the computational efficiency. In this paper, we systematically address these two challenges for the network connectivity optimization problem. First, we reveal some fundamental limits by proving that, for a wide range of network connectivity optimization problems, (1) they are NP-hard and (2) (1-1/e) is the optimal approximation ratio for any polynomial algorithms. Second, we propose an effective, scalable and general algorithm (CONTAIN) to carefully balance the optimization quality and the computational efficiency.	Network Connectivity Optimization: Fundamental Limits and Effective Algorithms	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongxu Chen:Hongzhi Yin:Weiqing Wang:Hao Wang:Quoc Viet Hung Nguyen:Xue Li	Heterogenous information network embedding aims to embed heterogenous information networks (HINs) into low dimensional spaces, in which each vertex is represented as a low-dimensional vector, and both global and local network structures in the original space are preserved. However, most of existing heterogenous information network embedding models adopt the dot product to measure the proximity in the low dimensional space, and thus they can only preserve the first-order proximity and are insufficient to capture the global structure. Compared with homogenous information networks, there are multiple types of links (i.e., multiple relations) in HINs, and the link distribution w.r.t relations is highly skewed. To address the above challenging issues, we propose a novel heterogenous information network embedding model PME based on the metric learning to capture both first-order and second-order proximities in a unified way. To alleviate the potential geometrical inflexibility of existing metric learning approaches, we propose to build object and relation embeddings in separate object space and relation spaces rather than in a common space. Afterwards, we learn embeddings by firstly projecting vertices from object space to corresponding relation space and then calculate the proximity between projected vertices. To overcome the heavy skewness of the link distribution w.r.t relations and avoid "over-sampling'' or "under-sampling'' for each relation, we propose a novel loss-aware adaptive sampling approach for the model optimization. Extensive experiments have been conducted on a large-scale HIN dataset, and the experimental results show superiority of our proposed PME model in terms of prediction accuracy and scalability.	PME: Projected Metric Embedding on Heterogeneous Networks for Link Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shi-Yong Chen:Yang Yu:Qing Da:Jun Tan:Hai-Kuan Huang:Hai-Hong Tang	Deep reinforcement learning has shown great potential in improving system performance autonomously, by learning from iterations with the environment. However, traditional reinforcement learning approaches are designed to work in static environments. In many real-world problems, the environments are commonly dynamic, in which the performance of reinforcement learning approaches can degrade drastically. A direct cause of the performance degradation is the high-variance and biased estimation of the reward, due to the distribution shifting in dynamic environments. In this paper, we propose two techniques to alleviate the unstable reward estimation problem in dynamic environments, the stratified sampling replay strategy and the approximate regretted reward, which address the problem from the sample aspect and the reward aspect, respectively. Integrating the two techniques with Double DQN, we propose the Robust DQN method. We apply Robust DQN in the tip recommendation system in Taobao online retail trading platform. We firstly disclose the highly dynamic property of the recommendation application. We then carried out online A/B test to examine Robust DQN. The results show that Robust DQN can effectively stabilize the value estimation and, therefore, improves the performance in this real-world dynamic environment.	Stabilizing Reinforcement Learning in Dynamic Environment with Application to Online Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xi Chen:Jefrey Lijffijt:Tijl De Bie	Controversy, disagreement, conflict, polarization and opinion divergence in social networks have been the subject of much recent research. In particular, researchers have addressed the question of how such concepts can be quantified given people's prior opinions, and how they can be optimized by influencing the opinion of a small number of people or by editing the network's connectivity. Here, rather than optimizing such concepts given a specific set of prior opinions, we study whether they can be optimized in the average case and in the worst case over all sets of prior opinions. In particular, we derive the worst-case and average-case conflict risk of networks, and we propose algorithms for optimizing these. For some measures of conflict, these are non-convex optimization problems with many local minima. We provide a theoretical and empirical analysis of the nature of some of these local minima, and show how they are related to existing organizational structures. Empirical results show how a small number of edits quickly decreases its conflict risk, both average-case and worst-case. Furthermore, it shows that minimizing average-case conflict risk often does not reduce worst-case conflict risk. Minimizing worst-case conflict risk on the other hand, while computationally more challenging, is generally effective at minimizing both worst-case as well as average-case conflict risk.	Quantifying and Minimizing Risk of Conflict in Social Networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaojun Chen:Weijun Hong:Feiping Nie:Dan He:Min Yang:Joshua Zhexue Huang	During the past decades, many spectral clustering algorithms have been proposed. However, their high computational complexities hinder their applications on large-scale data. Moreover, most of them use a two-step approach to obtain the optimal solution, which may deviate from the solution by directly solving the original problem. In this paper, we propose a new optimization algorithm, namely Direct Normalized Cut (DNC), to directly optimize the normalized cut model. DNC has a quadratic time complexity, which is a significant reduction comparing with the cubic time complexity of the traditional spectral clustering. To cope with large-scale data, a Fast Normalized Cut (FNC) method with linear time and space complexities is proposed by extending DNC with an anchor-based strategy. In the new method, we first seek a set of anchors and then construct a representative similarity matrix by computing distances between the anchors and the whole data set. To find high quality anchors that best represent the whole data set, we propose a Balanced k-means (BKM) to partition a data set into balanced clusters and use the cluster centers as anchors. Then DNC is used to obtain the final clustering result from the representative similarity matrix. A series of experiments were conducted on both synthetic data and real-world data sets, and the experimental results show the superior performance of BKM, DNC and FNC.	Spectral Clustering of Large-scale Data by Directly Solving Normalized Cut	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yihong Chen:Bei Chen:Xuguang Duan:Jian-Guang Lou:Yue Wang:Wenwu Zhu:Yong Cao	Almost all the knowledge empowered applications rely upon accurate knowledge, which has to be either collected manually with high cost, or extracted automatically with unignorable errors. In this paper, we study 20 Questions, an online interactive game where each question-response pair corresponds to a fact of the target entity, to acquire highly accurate knowledge effectively with nearly zero labor cost. Knowledge acquisition via 20 Questions predominantly presents two challenges to the intelligent agent playing games with human players. The first one is to seek enough information and identify the target entity with as few questions as possible, while the second one is to leverage the remaining questioning opportunities to acquire valuable knowledge effectively, both of which count on good questioning strategies. To address these challenges, we propose the Learning-to-Ask (LA) framework, within which the agent learns smart questioning strategies for information seeking and knowledge acquisition by means of deep reinforcement learning and generalized matrix factorization respectively. In addition, a Bayesian approach to represent knowledge is adopted to ensure robustness to noisy user responses. Simulating experiments on real data show that LA is able to equip the agent with effective questioning strategies, which result in high winning rates and rapid knowledge acquisition. Moreover, the questioning strategies for information seeking and knowledge acquisition boost the performance of each other, allowing the agent to start with a relatively small knowledge set and quickly improve its knowledge base in the absence of constant human supervision.	Learning-to-Ask: Knowledge Acquisition via 20 Questions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yongjun Chen:Hongyang Gao:Lei Cai:Min Shi:Dinggang Shen:Shuiwang Ji	Deep learning methods have shown great success in pixel-wise prediction tasks. One of the most popular methods employs an encoder-decoder network in which deconvolutional layers are used for up-sampling feature maps. However, a key limitation of the deconvolutional layer is that it suffers from the checkerboard artifact problem, which harms the prediction accuracy. This is caused by the independency among adjacent pixels on the output feature maps. Previous work only solved the checkerboard artifact issue of deconvolutional layers in the 2D space. Since the number of intermediate feature maps needed to generate a deconvolutional layer grows exponentially with dimensionality, it is more challenging to solve this issue in higher dimensions. In this work, we propose the voxel deconvolutional layer (VoxelDCL) to solve the checkerboard artifact problem of deconvolutional layers in 3D space. We also provide an efficient approach to implement VoxelDCL. To demonstrate the effectiveness of VoxelDCL, we build four variations of voxel deconvolutional networks (VoxelDCN) based on the U-Net architecture with VoxelDCL. We apply our networks to address volumetric brain images labeling tasks using the ADNI and LONI LPBA40 datasets. The experimental results show that the proposed iVoxelDCNa achieves improved performance in all experiments. It reaches 83.34% in terms of dice ratio on the ADNI dataset and 79.12% on the LONI LPBA40 dataset, which increases 1.39% and 2.21% respectively compared with the baseline. In addition, all the variations of VoxelDCN we proposed outperform the baseline methods on the above datasets, which demonstrates the effectiveness of our methods.	Voxel Deconvolutional Networks for 3D Brain Image Labeling	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Evangelia Christakopoulou:George Karypis	Users' behaviors are driven by their preferences across various aspects of items they are potentially interested in purchasing, viewing, etc. Latent space approaches model these aspects in the form of latent factors. Although such approaches have been shown to lead to good results, the aspects that are important to different users can vary. In many domains, there may be a set of aspects for which all users care about and a set of aspects that are specific to different subsets of users. To explicitly capture this, we consider models in which there are some latent factors that capture the shared aspects and some user subset specific latent factors that capture the set of aspects that the different subsets of users care about. In particular, we propose two latent space models: rGLSVD and sGLSVD, that combine such a global and user subset specific sets of latent factors. The rGLSVD model assigns the users into different subsets based on their rating patterns and then estimates a global and a set of user subset specific local models whose number of latent dimensions can vary. The sGLSVD model estimates both global and user subset specific local models by keeping the number of latent dimensions the same among these models but optimizes the grouping of the users in order to achieve the best approximation. Our experiments on various real-world datasets show that the proposed approaches significantly outperform state-of-the-art latent space top-N recommendation approaches.	Local Latent Space Models for Top-N Recommendation	NA:NA	2018
Lingyang Chu:Xia Hu:Juhua Hu:Lanjun Wang:Jian Pei	Strong intelligent machines powered by deep neural networks are increasingly deployed as black boxes to make decisions in risk-sensitive domains, such as finance and medical. To reduce potential risk and build trust with users, it is critical to interpret how such machines make their decisions. Existing works interpret a pre-trained neural network by analyzing hidden neurons, mimicking pre-trained models or approximating local predictions. However, these methods do not provide a guarantee on the exactness and consistency of their interpretations. In this paper, we propose an elegant closed form solution named $OpenBox$ to compute exact and consistent interpretations for the family of Piecewise Linear Neural Networks (PLNN). The major idea is to first transform a PLNN into a mathematically equivalent set of linear classifiers, then interpret each linear classifier by the features that dominate its prediction. We further apply $OpenBox$ to demonstrate the effectiveness of non-negative and sparse constraints on improving the interpretability of PLNNs. The extensive experiments on both synthetic and real world data sets clearly demonstrate the exactness and consistency of our interpretation.	Exact and Consistent Interpretation for Piecewise Linear Neural Networks: A Closed Form Solution	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Adam D. Cobb:Richard Everett:Andrew Markham:Stephen J. Roberts	In systems of multiple agents, identifying the cause of observed agent dynamics is challenging. Often, these agents operate in diverse, non-stationary environments, where models rely on hand-crafted environment-specific features to infer influential regions in the system's surroundings. To overcome the limitations of these inflexible models, we present GP-LAPLACE, a technique for locating sources and sinks from trajectories in time-varying fields. Using Gaussian processes, we jointly infer a spatio-temporal vector field, as well as canonical vector calculus operations on that field. Notably, we do this from only agent trajectories without requiring knowledge of the environment, and also obtain a metric for denoting the significance of inferred causal features in the environment by exploiting our probabilistic method. To evaluate our approach, we apply it to both synthetic and real-world GPS data, demonstrating the applicability of our technique in the presence of multiple agents, as well as its superiority over existing methods.	Identifying Sources and Sinks in the Presence of Multiple Agents with Gaussian Process Vector Calculus	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Cohen-Steiner:Weihao Kong:Christian Sohler:Gregory Valiant	The spectrum of a network or graph $G=(V,E)$ with adjacency matrix A , consists of the eigenvalues of the normalized Laplacian $L= I - D^-1/2 A D^-1/2 $. This set of eigenvalues encapsulates many aspects of the structure of the graph, including the extent to which the graph posses community structures at multiple scales. We study the problem of approximating the spectrum, $Å‚ambda = (Å‚ambda_1,\dots,Å‚ambda_|V| )$, of G in the regime where the graph is too large to explicitly calculate the spectrum. We present a sublinear time algorithm that, given the ability to query a random node in the graph and select a random neighbor of a given node, computes a succinct representation of an approximation $\widetilde Å‚ambda = (\widetilde Å‚ambda_1,\dots,\widetilde Å‚ambda_|V| )$, such that $\|\widetilde Å‚ambda - Å‚ambda\|_1 Å‚e Îµ |V|$. Our algorithm has query complexity and running time $exp(O(1/\eps))$, which is independent of the size of the graph, $|V|$. We demonstrate the practical viability of our algorithm on synthetically generated graphs, and on 15 different real-world graphs from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection, including social networks, academic collaboration graphs, and road networks. For the smallest of these graphs, we are able to validate the accuracy of our algorithm by explicitly calculating the true spectrum; for the larger graphs, such a calculation is computationally prohibitive. The spectra of these real-world networks reveal insights into the structural similarities and differences between them, illustrating the potential value of our algorithm for efficiently approximating the spectrum of large large networks.	Approximating the Spectrum of a Graph	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alessio Conte:Tiziano De Matteis:Daniele De Sensi:Roberto Grossi:Andrea Marino:Luca Versari	This paper studies k-plexes, a well known pseudo-clique model for network communities. In a k-plex, each node can miss at most k-1 links. Our goal is to detect large communities in today's real-world graphs which can have hundreds of millions of edges. While many have tried, this task has been elusive so far due to its computationally challenging nature: k-plexes and other pseudo-cliques are harder to find and more numerous than cliques, a well known hard problem. We present D2K, which is the first algorithm able to find large k-plexes of very large graphs in just a few minutes. The good performance of our algorithm follows from a combination of graph-theoretical concepts, careful algorithm engineering and a high-performance implementation. In particular, we exploit the low degeneracy of real-world graphs, and the fact that large enough k-plexes have diameter 2. We validate a sequential and a parallel/distributed implementation of D2K on real graphs with up to half a billion edges.	D2K: Scalable Community Detection in Massive Networks via Small-Diameter k-Plexes	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alessio Conte:Gaspare Ferraro:Roberto Grossi:Andrea Marino:Kunihiko Sadakane:Takeaki Uno	We study node similarity in labeled networks, using the label sequences found in paths of bounded length q leading to the nodes. (This recalls the q-grams employed in document resemblance, based on the Jaccard distance.) When applied to networks, the challenge is two-fold: the number of q-grams generated from labeled paths grows exponentially with q, and their frequency should be taken into account: this leads to a variation of the Jaccard index known as Bray-Curtis index for multisets. We describe nSimGram, a suite of fast algorithms for node similarity with q-grams, based on a novel blend of color coding, probabilistic counting, sketches, and string algorithms, where the universe of elements to sample is exponential. We provide experimental evidence that our measure is effective and our running times scale to deal with large real-world networks.	Node Similarity with q -Grams for Real-World Labeled Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yogesh Dahiya:Dimitris Konomis:David P. Woodruff	Over the last ten years, tremendous speedups for problems in randomized numerical linear algebra such as low rank approximation and regression have been made possible via the technique of randomized data dimensionality reduction, also known as sketching. In theory, such algorithms have led to optimal input sparsity time algorithms for a wide array of problems. While several scattered implementations of such methods exist, the goal of this work is to provide a comprehensive comparison of such methods to alternative approaches. We investigate least squares regression, iteratively reweighted least squares, logistic regression, robust regression with Huber and Bisquare loss functions, leverage score computation, Frobenius norm low rank approximation, and entrywise $\ell_1$-low rank approximation. We give various implementation techniques to speed up several of these algorithms, and the resulting implementations demonstrate the tradeoffs of such techniques in practice.	An Empirical Evaluation of Sketching for Numerical Linear Algebra	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shimin Di:Jingshu Peng:Yanyan Shen:Lei Chen	Transfer learning has gained increasing attention due to the inferior performance of machine learning algorithms with insufficient training data. Most of the previous homogeneous or heterogeneous transfer learning works aim to learn a mapping function between feature spaces based on the inherent correspondence across the source and target domains or labeled instances. However, in many real world applications, existing methods may not be robust when the correspondence across domains is noisy or labeled instances are not representative. In this paper, we develop a novel transfer learning framework called Transfer Learning via Feature Isomorphism Discovery (abbreviated to TLFid), which owns high tolerance for noisy correspondence between domains as well as scarce or non-existing labeled instances. More specifically, we propose a feature isomorphism approach to discovering common substructures across feature spaces and learning a feature mapping function from the target domain to the source domain. We evaluate the performance of TLFid on the cross-lingual sentiment classification tasks. The results show that our method achieves significant improvement in terms of accuracy compared with the state-of-the-art methods.	Transfer Learning via Feature Isomorphism Discovery	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi Ding:Weiqing Liu:Jiang Bian:Daoqiang Zhang:Tie-Yan Liu	Stock trading is a popular investment approach in real world. However, since lacking enough domain knowledge and experience, it is very difficult for common investors to analyze thousands of stocks manually. Algorithmic investment provides another rational way to formulate human knowledge as a trading agent. However, it still requires well-built knowledge and experience to design effective trading algorithms in such a volatile market. Fortunately, various kinds of historical trading records are easy to obtain in this big-data era, it is invaluable of us to extract the trading knowledge hidden in the data to help people make better decisions. In this paper, we propose a reinforcement learning driven Investor-Imitator framework to formalize the trading knowledge, by imitating an investor's behavior with a set of logic descriptors. In particular, to instantiate specific logic descriptors, we introduce the Rank-Invest model that can keep the diversity of logic descriptors by learning to optimize different evaluation metrics. In the experiment, we first simulate three types of investors, representing different degrees of information disclosure we may meet in real market. By learning towards these investors, we can tell the inherent trading logic of the target investor with the Investor-Imitator empirically, and the extracted interpretable knowledge can help us better understand and construct trading portfolios. Experimental results in this paper sufficiently demonstrate the designed purpose of Investor-Imitator, it makes the Investor-Imitator an applicable and meaningful intelligent trading framework in financial investment research.	Investor-Imitator: A Framework for Trading Knowledge Extraction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Claire Donnat:Marinka Zitnik:David Hallac:Jure Leskovec	Nodes residing in different parts of a graph can have similar structural roles within their local network topology. The identification of such roles provides key insight into the organization of networks and can be used for a variety of machine learning tasks. However, learning structural representations of nodes is a challenging problem, and it has typically involved manually specifying and tailoring topological features for each node. In this paper, we develop GraphWave, a method that represents each node's network neighborhood via a low-dimensional embedding by leveraging heat wavelet diffusion patterns. Instead of training on hand-selected features, GraphWave learns these embeddings in an unsupervised way. We mathematically prove that nodes with similar network neighborhoods will have similar GraphWave embeddings even though these nodes may reside in very different parts of the network, and our method scales linearly with the number of edges. Experiments in a variety of different settings demonstrate GraphWave's real-world potential for capturing structural roles in networks, and our approach outperforms existing state-of-the-art baselines in every experiment, by as much as 137%.	Learning Structural Node Embeddings via Diffusion Wavelets	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bowen Du:Yongxin Tong:Zimu Zhou:Qian Tao:Wenjun Zhou	Cars of the future have been predicted as shared and electric. There has been a rapid growth in electric vehicle (EV) sharing services worldwide in recent years. For EV-sharing platforms to excel, it is essential for them to offer private charging infrastructure for exclusive use that meets the charging demand of their clients. Particularly, they need to plan not only the places to build charging stations, but also the amounts of chargers per station, to maximally satisfy the requirements on global charging coverage and local charging demand. Existing research efforts are either inapplicable for their different problem formulations or are at a coarse granularity. In this paper, we formulate the \underlineE lectric \underlineV ehicle \underlineC harger \underlineP lanning (EVCP) problem especially for EV-sharing. We prove that the \shortpro problem is NP-hard, and design an approximation algorithm to solve the problem with a theoretical bound of $1-\frac1 e $. We also devise some optimization techniques to speed up the solution. Extensive experiments on real-world datasets validate the effectiveness and the efficiency of our proposed solutions.	Demand-Aware Charger Planning for Electric Vehicle Sharing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Boxin Du:Hanghang Tong	The Sylvester equation offers a powerful and unifying primitive for a variety of important graph mining tasks, including network alignment, graph kernel, node similarity, subgraph matching, etc. A major bottleneck of Sylvester equation lies in its high computational complexity. Despite tremendous effort, state-of-the-art methods still require a complexity that is at least \em quadratic in the number of nodes of graphs, even with approximations. In this paper, we propose a family of Krylov subspace based algorithms (\fasten) to speed up and scale up the computation of Sylvester equation for graph mining. The key idea of the proposed methods is to project the original equivalent linear system onto a Kronecker Krylov subspace. We further exploit (1) the implicit representation of the solution matrix as well as the associated computation, and (2) the decomposition of the original Sylvester equation into a set of inter-correlated Sylvester equations of smaller size. The proposed algorithms bear two distinctive features. First, they provide the \em exact solutions without any approximation error. Second, they significantly reduce the time and space complexity for solving Sylvester equation, with two of the proposed algorithms having a \em linear complexity in both time and space. Experimental evaluations on a diverse set of real networks, demonstrate that our methods (1) are up to $10,000\times$ faster against Conjugate Gradient method, the best known competitor that outputs the exact solution, and (2) scale up to million-node graphs.	FASTEN: Fast Sylvester Equation Solver for Graph Mining	NA:NA	2018
Changying Du:Changde Du:Xingyu Xie:Chen Zhang:Hao Wang	Many important data mining problems can be modeled as learning a (bidirectional) multidimensional mapping between two data domains. Based on the generative adversarial networks (GANs), particularly conditional ones, cross-domain joint distribution matching is an increasingly popular kind of methods addressing such problems. Though significant advances have been achieved, there are still two main disadvantages of existing models, i.e., the requirement of large amount of paired training samples and the notorious instability of training. In this paper, we propose a multi-view adversarially learned inference (ALI) model, termed as MALI, to address these issues. Unlike the common practice of learning direct domain mappings, our model relies on shared latent representations of both domains and can generate arbitrary number of paired faking samples, benefiting from which usually very few paired samples (together with sufficient unpaired ones) is enough for learning good mappings. Extending the vanilla ALI model, we design novel discriminators to judge the quality of generated samples (both paired and unpaired), and provide theoretical analysis of our new formulation. Experiments on image-to-image translation, image-to-attribute generation (multi-label classification), attribute-to-image generation tasks demonstrate that our semi-supervised learning framework yields significant performance improvements over existing ones. Results on cross-modality retrieval show that our latent space based method can achieve competitive similarity search performance in relative fast speed, compared to those methods that compute similarities in the high-dimensional data space.	Multi-view Adversarially Learned Inference for Cross-domain Joint Distribution Matching	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mengnan Du:Ninghao Liu:Qingquan Song:Xia Hu	While deep neural networks (DNN) have become an effective computational tool, the prediction results are often criticized by the lack of interpretability, which is essential in many real-world applications such as health informatics. Existing attempts based on local interpretations aim to identify relevant features contributing the most to the prediction of DNN by monitoring the neighborhood of a given input. They usually simply ignore the intermediate layers of the DNN that might contain rich information for interpretation. To bridge the gap, in this paper, we propose to investigate a guided feature inversion framework for taking advantage of the deep architectures towards effective interpretation. The proposed framework not only determines the contribution of each feature in the input but also provides insights into the decision-making process of DNN models. By further interacting with the neuron of the target category at the output layer of the DNN, we enforce the interpretation result to be class-discriminative. We apply the proposed interpretation model to different CNN architectures to provide explanations for image data and conduct extensive experiments on ImageNet and PASCAL VOC07 datasets. The interpretation results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed framework in providing class-discriminative interpretation for DNN-based prediction.	Towards Explanation of DNN-based Prediction with Guided Feature Inversion	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Otmar Ertl	Minwise hashing has become a standard tool to calculate signatures which allow direct estimation of Jaccard similarities. While very efficient algorithms already exist for the unweighted case, the calculation of signatures for weighted sets is still a time consuming task. BagMinHash is a new algorithm that can be orders of magnitude faster than current state of the art without any particular restrictions or assumptions on weights or data dimensionality. Applied to the special case of unweighted sets, it represents the first efficient algorithm producing independent signature components. A series of tests finally verifies the new algorithm and also reveals limitations of other approaches published in the recent past.	BagMinHash - Minwise Hashing Algorithm for Weighted Sets	NA	2018
Dhivya Eswaran:Christos Faloutsos:Sudipto Guha:Nina Mishra	How do we spot interesting events from e-mail or transportation logs? How can we detect port scan or denial of service attacks from IP-IP communication data? In general, given a sequence of weighted, directed or bipartite graphs, each summarizing a snapshot of activity in a time window, how can we spot anomalous graphs containing the sudden appearance or disappearance of large dense subgraphs (e.g., near bicliques) in near real-time using sublinear memory? To this end, we propose a randomized sketching-based approach called SpotLight, which guarantees that an anomalous graph is mapped 'far' away from 'normal' instances in the sketch space with high probability for appropriate choice of parameters. Extensive experiments on real-world datasets show that SpotLight (a) improves accuracy by at least 8.4% compared to prior approaches, (b) is fast and can process millions of edges within a few minutes, (c) scales linearly with the number of edges and sketching dimensions and (d) leads to interesting discoveries in practice.	SpotLight: Detecting Anomalies in Streaming Graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ian Fox:Lynn Ang:Mamta Jaiswal:Rodica Pop-Busui:Jenna Wiens	In many forecasting applications, it is valuable to predict not only the value of a signal at a certain time point in the future, but also the values leading up to that point. This is especially true in clinical applications, where the future state of the patient can be less important than the patient's overall trajectory. This requires multi-step forecasting, a forecasting variant where one aims to predict multiple values in the future simultaneously. Standard methods to accomplish this can propagate error from prediction to prediction, reducing quality over the long term. In light of these challenges, we propose multi-output deep architectures for multi-step forecasting in which we explicitly model the distribution of future values of the signal over a prediction horizon. We apply these techniques to the challenging and clinically relevant task of blood glucose forecasting. Through a series of experiments on a real-world dataset consisting of 550K blood glucose measurements, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approaches in capturing the underlying signal dynamics. Compared to existing shallow and deep methods, we find that our proposed approaches improve performance individually and capture complementary information, leading to a large improvement over the baseline when combined (4.87 vs. 5.31 absolute percentage error (APE)). Overall, the results suggest the efficacy of our proposed approach in predicting blood glucose level and multi-step forecasting more generally.	Deep Multi-Output Forecasting: Learning to Accurately Predict Blood Glucose Trajectories	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Weijie Fu:Meng Wang:Shijie Hao:Xindong Wu	We study the problem of active learning for multi-class classification on large-scale datasets. In this setting, the existing active learning approaches built upon uncertainty measures are ineffective for discovering unknown regions, and those based on expected error reduction are inefficient owing to their huge time costs. To overcome the above issues, this paper proposes a novel query selection criterion called approximated error reduction (AER). In AER, the error reduction of each candidate is estimated based on an expected impact over all datapoints and an approximated ratio between the error reduction and the impact over its nearby datapoints. In particular, we utilize hierarchical anchor graphs to construct the candidate set as well as the nearby datapoint sets of these candidates. The benefit of this strategy is that it enables a hierarchical expansion of candidates with the increase of labels, and allows us to further accelerate the AER estimation. We finally introduce AER into an efficient semi-supervised classifier for scalable active learning. Experiments on publicly available datasets with the sizes varying from thousands to millions demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.	Scalable Active Learning by Approximated Error Reduction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongchang Gao:Heng Huang	Network embedding has attracted increasing attention in recent data mining research with many real-world applications. Network embedding is to learn low-dimensional representations for nodes in a network. A popular kind of existing methods, such as DeepWalk, Node2Vec, and LINE, learn node representations by pushing positive context node to the anchor node while pushing negative context nodes away from it in the low-dimensional vector space. When sampling the negative context nodes, they usually employ a predefined sampling distribution based on the node popularity. However, this sampling distribution often fails to capture the real informativeness of each node and cannot reflect the training state. To address these important problems, in this paper, we propose a novel self-paced network embedding method. Specifically, our method can adaptively capture the informativeness of each node based on the current training state, and sample negative context nodes in terms of their informativeness. The proposed self-paced sampling strategy can gradually select difficult negative context nodes with training process going on to learn better node representations. Moreover, to better capture the node informativeness for learning node representations, we extend our method to the generative adversarial network framework, which has the larger capacity to discover node informativeness. The extensive experiments have been conducted on the benchmark network datasets to validate the effectiveness of our proposed methods.	Self-Paced Network Embedding	NA:NA	2018
Hongyang Gao:Zhengyang Wang:Shuiwang Ji	Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved great success on grid-like data such as images, but face tremendous challenges in learning from more generic data such as graphs. In CNNs, the trainable local filters enable the automatic extraction of high-level features. The computation with filters requires a fixed number of ordered units in the receptive fields. However, the number of neighboring units is neither fixed nor are they ordered in generic graphs, thereby hindering the applications of convolutional operations. Here, we address these challenges by proposing the learnable graph convolutional layer (LGCL). LGCL automatically selects a fixed number of neighboring nodes for each feature based on value ranking in order to transform graph data into grid-like structures in 1-D format, thereby enabling the use of regular convolutional operations on generic graphs. To enable model training on large-scale graphs, we propose a sub-graph training method to reduce the excessive memory and computational resource requirements suffered by prior methods on graph convolutions. Our experimental results on node classification tasks in both transductive and inductive learning settings demonstrate that our methods can achieve consistently better performance on the Cora, Citeseer, Pubmed citation network, and protein-protein interaction network datasets. Our results also indicate that the proposed methods using sub-graph training strategy are more efficient as compared to prior approaches.	Large-Scale Learnable Graph Convolutional Networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nandani Garg:Sayan Ranu	We study the problem of route recommendation to idle taxi drivers such that the distance between the taxi and an anticipated customer request is minimized. Minimizing the distance to the next anticipated customer leads to more productivity for the taxi driver and less waiting time for the customer. To anticipate when and where future customer requests are likely to come from and accordingly recom- mend routes, we develop a route recommendation engine called MDM: Minimizing Distance through Monte Carlo Tree Search. In contrast to existing techniques, MDM employs a continuous learning platform where the underlying model to predict future customer requests is dynamically updated. Extensive experiments on real taxi data from New York and San Francisco reveal that MDM is up to 70% better than the state of the art and robust to anomalous events such as concerts, sporting events, etc.	Route Recommendations for Idle Taxi Drivers: Find Me the Shortest Route to a Customer!	NA:NA	2018
Kamran Ghasedi Dizaji:Xiaoqian Wang:Heng Huang	Gene expression profiling provides comprehensive characterization of cellular states under different experimental conditions, thus contributes to the prosperity of many fields of biomedical research. Although the rapid development of gene expression profiling has been observed, genome-wide profiling of large libraries is still expensive and difficult. Due to the fact that there are significant correlations between gene expression patterns, previous studies introduced regression models for predicting the target gene expressions from the landmark gene profiles. These models formulate the gene expression inference in a completely supervised manner, which require a large labeled dataset (i.e. paired landmark and target gene expressions). However, collecting the whole gene expressions is much more expensive than the landmark genes. In order to address this issue and take advantage of cheap unlabeled data (i.e. landmark genes), we propose a novel semi-supervised deep generative model for target gene expression inference. Our model is based on the generative adversarial network (GAN) to approximate the joint distribution of landmark and target genes, and an inference network to learn the conditional distribution of target genes given the landmark genes. We employ the reliable generated data by our GAN model as the extra training pairs to improve the training of our inference model, and utilize the trustworthy predictions of the inference network to enhance the adversarial training of our GAN network. We evaluate our model on the prediction of two types of gene expression data and identify obvious advantage over the counterparts.	Semi-Supervised Generative Adversarial Network for Gene Expression Inference	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fabian Gieseke:Christian Igel	Without access to large compute clusters, building random forests on large datasets is still a challenging problem. This is, in particular, the case if fully-grown trees are desired. We propose a simple yet effective framework that allows to efficiently construct ensembles of huge trees for hundreds of millions or even billions of training instances using a cheap desktop computer with commodity hardware. The basic idea is to consider a multi-level construction scheme, which builds top trees for small random subsets of the available data and which subsequently distributes all training instances to the top trees' leaves for further processing. While being conceptually simple, the overall efficiency crucially depends on the particular implementation of the different phases. The practical merits of our approach are demonstrated using dense datasets with hundreds of millions of training instances.	Training Big Random Forests with Little Resources	NA:NA	2018
Lin Gong:Hongning Wang	User modeling is critical for understanding user intents, while it is also challenging as user intents are so diverse and not directly observable. Most existing works exploit specific types of behavior signals for user modeling, e.g., opinionated data or network structure; but the dependency among different types of user-generated data is neglected. We focus on self-consistence across multiple modalities of user-generated data to model user intents. A probabilistic generative model is developed to integrate two companion learning tasks of opinionated content modeling and social network structure modeling for users. Individual users are modeled as a mixture over the instances of paired learning tasks to realize their behavior heterogeneity, and the tasks are clustered by sharing a global prior distribution to capture the homogeneity among users. Extensive experimental evaluations on large collections of Amazon and Yelp reviews with social network structures confirm the effectiveness of the proposed solution. The learned user models are interpretable and predictive: they enable more accurate sentiment classification and item/friend recommendations than the corresponding baselines that only model a singular type of user behaviors.	When Sentiment Analysis Meets Social Network: A Holistic User Behavior Modeling in Opinionated Data	NA:NA	2018
Alexander Gorovits:Ekta Gujral:Evangelos E. Papalexakis:Petko Bogdanov	Communities are essential building blocks of complex networks enjoying significant research attention in terms of modeling and detection algorithms. Common across models is the premise that node pairs that share communities are likely to interact more strongly. Moreover, in the most general setting a node may be a member of multiple communities, and thus, interact with more than one cohesive group of other nodes. If node interactions are observed over a long period and aggregated into a single static network, the communities may be hard to discern due to their in-network overlap. Alternatively, if interactions are observed over short time periods, the communities may be only partially observable. How can we detect communities at an appropriate temporal resolution that resonates with their natural periods of activity? We propose LARC, a general framework for joint learning of the overlapping community structure and the periods of activity of communities, directly from temporal interaction data. We formulate the problem as an optimization task coupling community fit and smooth temporal activation over time. To the best of our knowledge, the tensor version of LARC is the first tensor-based community detection method to introduce such smoothness constraints. We propose efficient algorithms for the problem, achieving a $2.6x$ quality improvement over all baselines for high temporal resolution datasets, and consistently detecting better-quality communities for different levels of data aggregation and varying community overlap. In addition, LARC elucidates interpretable temporal patterns of community activity corresponding to botnet attacks, transportation change points and public forum interaction trends, while being computationally practical---few minutes on large real datasets. Finally, LARC provides a comprehensive \em unsupervised parameter estimation methodology yielding high accuracy and rendering it easy-to-use for practitioners.	LARC: Learning Activity-Regularized Overlapping Communities Across Time	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bin Gu:Xiao-Tong Yuan:Songcan Chen:Heng Huang	Semi-supervised learning is especially important in data mining applications because it can make use of plentiful unlabeled data to train the high-quality learning models. Semi-Supervised Support Vector Machine (S3VM) is a powerful semi-supervised learning model. However, the high computational cost and non-convexity severely impede the S3VM method in large-scale applications. Although several learning algorithms were proposed for S3VM, scaling up S3VM is still an open problem. To address this challenging problem, in this paper, we propose a new incremental learning algorithm to scale up S3VM (IL-S3VM) based on the path following technique in the framework of Difference of Convex (DC) programming. The traditional DC programming based algorithms need multiple outer loops and are not suitable for incremental learning, and traditional path following algorithms are limited to convex problems. Our new IL-S3VM algorithm based on the path-following technique can directly update the solution of S3VM to converge to a local minimum within one outer loop so that the efficient incremental learning can be achieved. More importantly, we provide the finite convergence analysis for our new algorithm. To the best of our knowledge, our new IL-S3VM algorithm is the first efficient path following algorithm for a non-convex problem (i.e., S3VM) with local minimum convergence guarantee. Experimental results on a variety of benchmark datasets not only confirm the finite convergence of IL-S3VM, but also show a huge reduction of computational time compared with existing batch and incremental learning algorithms, while retaining the similar generalization performance.	New Incremental Learning Algorithm for Semi-Supervised Support Vector Machine	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jie Gui:Ping Li	Learning-based hashing has recently received considerable attentions due to its capability of supporting efficient storage and retrieval of high-dimensional data such as images, videos, and documents. In this paper, we propose a learning-based hashing algorithm called "Robust Rotated Supervised Discrete Hashing" (R 2 SDH), by extending the previous work on "Supervised Discrete Hashing" (SDH). In R 2 SDH, correntropy is adopted to replace the least square regression (LSR) model in SDH for achieving better robustness. Furthermore, considering the commonly used distance metrics such as cosine and Euclidean distance are invariant to rotational transformation, rotation is integrated into the original zero-one label matrix used in SDH, as additional freedom to promote flexibility without sacrificing accuracy. The rotation matrix is learned through an optimization procedure. Experimental results on three image datasets (MNIST, CIFAR-10, and NUS-WIDE) confirm that R 2 SDH generally outperforms SDH.	R 2 SDH: Robust Rotated Supervised Discrete Hashing	NA:NA	2018
Yufei Han:Guolei Sun:Yun Shen:Xiangliang Zhang	Tremendous efforts have been dedicated to improving the effectiveness of multi-label learning with incomplete label assignments. Most of the current techniques assume that the input features of data instances are complete. Nevertheless, the co-occurrence of highly incomplete features and weak label assignments is a challenging and widely perceived issue in real-world multi-label learning applications due to a number of practical reasons including incomplete data collection, moderate labels from annotators, etc. Existing multi-label learning algorithms are not directly applicable when the observed features are highly incomplete. In this work, we attack this problem by proposing a weakly supervised multi-label learning approach, based on the idea of collaborative embedding. This approach provides a flexible framework to conduct efficient multi-label classification at both transductive and inductive mode by coupling the process of reconstructing missing features and weak label assignments in a joint optimisation framework. It is designed to collaboratively recover feature and label information, and extract the predictive association between the feature profile and the multi-label tag of the same data instance. Substantial experiments on public benchmark datasets and real security event data validate that our proposed method can provide distinctively more accurate transductive and inductive classification than other state-of-the-art algorithms.	Multi-label Learning with Highly Incomplete Data via Collaborative Embedding	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Raphael A. Hauser:Armin Eftekhari:Heinrich F. Matzinger	Principal Component Analysis (PCA) finds the best linear representation for data and is an indispensable tool in many learning tasks. Classically, principal components of a dataset are interpreted as the directions that preserve most of its "energy", an interpretation that is theoretically underpinned by the celebrated Eckart-Young-Mirsky Theorem. There are yet other ways of interpreting PCA that are rarely exploited in practice, largely because it is not known how to reliably solve the corresponding non-convex optimisation programs. In this paper, we consider one such interpretation of principal components as the directions that preserve most of the "volume" of the dataset. Our main contribution is a theorem that shows that the corresponding non-convex program has no spurious local optima, and is therefore amenable to many convex solvers. We also confirm our findings numerically.	PCA by Determinant Optimisation has no Spurious Local Optima	NA:NA:NA	2018
William Herlands:Edward McFowland III:Andrew Gordon Wilson:Daniel B. Neill	Inferring causal relationships in observational data is crucial for understanding scientific and social processes. We develop the first statistical machine learning approach for automatically discovering regression discontinuity designs (RDDs), a quasi-experimental setup often used in econometrics. Our method identifies interpretable, localized RDDs in arbitrary dimensional data and can seamlessly compute treatment effects without expert supervision. By applying the technique to a variety of synthetic and real datasets, we demonstrate robust performance under adverse conditions including unobserved variables, substantial noise, and model	Automated Local Regression Discontinuity Design Discovery	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Junyuan Hong:Huanhuan Chen:Feng Lin	In this paper, we focus on subspace-based learning problems, where data elements are linear subspaces instead of vectors. To handle this kind of data, Grassmann kernels were proposed to measure the space structure and used with classifiers, e.g., Support Vector Machines (SVMs). However, the existing discriminative algorithms mostly ignore the instability of subspaces, which would cause the classifiers to be misled by disturbed instances. Thus we propose considering all potential disturbances of subspaces in learning processes to obtain more robust classifiers. Firstly, we derive the dual optimization of linear classifiers with disturbances subject to a known distribution, resulting in a new kernel, Disturbance Grassmann (DG) kernel. Secondly, we research into two kinds of disturbance, relevant to the subspace matrix and singular values of bases, with which we extend the Projection kernel on Grassmann manifolds to two new kernels. Experiments on action data indicate that the proposed kernels perform better compared to state-of-the-art subspace-based methods, even in a worse environment.	Disturbance Grassmann Kernels for Subspace-Based Learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Binbin Hu:Chuan Shi:Wayne Xin Zhao:Philip S. Yu	Heterogeneous information network (HIN) has been widely adopted in recommender systems due to its excellence in modeling complex context information. Although existing HIN based recommendation methods have achieved performance improvement to some extent, they have two major shortcomings. First, these models seldom learn an explicit representation for path or meta-path in the recommendation task. Second, they do not consider the mutual effect between the meta-path and the involved user-item pair in an interaction. To address these issues, we develop a novel deep neural network with the co-attention mechanism for leveraging rich meta-path based context for top-N recommendation. We elaborately design a three-way neural interaction model by explicitly incorporating meta-path based context. To construct the meta-path based context, we propose to use a priority based sampling technique to select high-quality path instances. Our model is able to learn effective representations for users, items and meta-path based context for implementing a powerful interaction function. The co-attention mechanism improves the representations for meta-path based con- text, users and items in a mutual enhancement way. Extensive experiments on three real-world datasets have demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed model. In particular, the proposed model performs well in the cold-start scenario and has potentially good interpretability for the recommendation results.	Leveraging Meta-path based Context for Top- N Recommendation with A Neural Co-Attention Model	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mengdi Huai:Chenglin Miao:Yaliang Li:Qiuling Suo:Lu Su:Aidong Zhang	Metric learning aims to learn a good distance metric that can capture the relationships among instances, and its importance has long been recognized in many fields. In the traditional settings of metric learning, an implicit assumption is that the associated labels of the instances are deterministic. However, in many real-world applications, the associated labels come naturally with probabilities instead of deterministic values. Thus, the existing metric learning methods cannot work well in these applications. To tackle this challenge, in this paper, we study how to effectively learn the distance metric from datasets that contain probabilistic information, and then propose two novel metric learning mechanisms for two types of probabilistic labels, i.e., the instance-wise probabilistic label and the group-wise probabilistic label. Compared with the existing metric learning methods, our proposed mechanisms are capable of learning distance metrics directly from the probabilistic labels with high accuracy. We also theoretically analyze the two proposed mechanisms and provide theoretical bounds on the sample complexity for both of them. Additionally, extensive experiments based on real-world datasets are conducted to verify the desirable properties of the proposed mechanisms.	Metric Learning from Probabilistic Labels	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Biwei Huang:Kun Zhang:Yizhu Lin:Bernhard SchÃ¶lkopf:Clark Glymour	Discovery of causal relationships from observational data is a fundamental problem. Roughly speaking, there are two types of methods for causal discovery, constraint-based ones and score-based ones. Score-based methods avoid the multiple testing problem and enjoy certain advantages compared to constraint-based ones. However, most of them need strong assumptions on the functional forms of causal mechanisms, as well as on data distributions, which limit their applicability. In practice the precise information of the underlying model class is usually unknown. If the above assumptions are violated, both spurious and missing edges may result. In this paper, we introduce generalized score functions for causal discovery based on the characterization of general (conditional) independence relationships between random variables, without assuming particular model classes. In particular, we exploit regression in RKHS to capture the dependence in a nonparametric way. The resulting causal discovery approach produces asymptotically correct results in rather general cases, which may have nonlinear causal mechanisms, a wide class of data distributions, mixed continuous and discrete data, and multidimensional variables. Experimental results on both synthetic and real-world data demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed approach.	Generalized Score Functions for Causal Discovery	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qiang Huang:Guihong Ma:Jianlin Feng:Qiong Fang:Anthony K. H. Tung	The problem of Approximate Maximum Inner Product (AMIP) search has received increasing attention due to its wide applications. Interestingly, based on asymmetric transformation, the problem can be reduced to the Approximate Nearest Neighbor (ANN) search, and hence leverage Locality-Sensitive Hashing (LSH) to find solution. However, existing asymmetric transformations such as L2-ALSH and XBOX, suffer from large distortion error in reducing AMIP search to ANN search, such that the results of AMIP search can be arbitrarily bad. In this paper, we propose a novel Asymmetric LSH scheme based on Homocentric Hypersphere partition (H2-ALSH) for high-dimensional AMIP search. On the one hand, we propose a novel Query Normalized First (QNF) transformation to significantly reduce the distortion error. On the other hand, by adopting the homocentric hypersphere partition strategy, we can not only improve the search efficiency with early stop pruning, but also get higher search accuracy by further reducing the distortion error with limited data range. Our theoretical studies show that H2-ALSH enjoys a guarantee on search accuracy. Experimental results over four real datasets demonstrate that H2-ALSH significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art schemes.	Accurate and Fast Asymmetric Locality-Sensitive Hashing Scheme for Maximum Inner Product Search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sheng-Jun Huang:Miao Xu:Ming-Kun Xie:Masashi Sugiyama:Gang Niu:Songcan Chen	Feature missing is a serious problem in many applications, which may lead to low quality of training data and further significantly degrade the learning performance. While feature acquisition usually involves special devices or complex process, it is expensive to acquire all feature values for the whole dataset. On the other hand, features may be correlated with each other, and some values may be recovered from the others. It is thus important to decide which features are most informative for recovering the other features as well as improving the learning performance. In this paper, we try to train an effective classification model with least acquisition cost by jointly performing active feature querying and supervised matrix completion. When completing the feature matrix, a novel objective function is proposed to simultaneously minimize the reconstruction error on observed entries and the supervised loss on training data. When querying the feature value, the most uncertain entry is actively selected based on the variance of previous iterations. In addition, a bi-objective optimization method is presented for cost-aware active selection when features bear different acquisition costs. The effectiveness of the proposed approach is well validated by both theoretical analysis and experimental study.	Active Feature Acquisition with Supervised Matrix Completion	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sheng-Jun Huang:Jia-Wei Zhao:Zhao-Yang Liu	Deep convolutional neural networks have achieved great success in various applications. However, training an effective DNN model for a specific task is rather challenging because it requires a prior knowledge or experience to design the network architecture, repeated trial-and-error process to tune the parameters, and a large set of labeled data to train the model. In this paper, we propose to overcome these challenges by actively adapting a pre-trained model to a new task with less labeled examples. Specifically, the pre-trained model is iteratively fine tuned based on the most useful examples. The examples are actively selected based on a novel criterion, which jointly estimates the potential contribution of an instance on optimizing the feature representation as well as improving the classification model for the target task. On one hand, the pre-trained model brings plentiful information from its original task, avoiding redesign of the network architecture or training from scratch; and on the other hand, the labeling cost can be significantly reduced by active label querying. Experiments on multiple datasets and different pre-trained models demonstrate that the proposed approach can achieve cost-effective training of DNNs.	Cost-Effective Training of Deep CNNs with Active Model Adaptation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jun-Yong Jeong:Chi-Hyuck Jun	We consider multi-task learning, which simultaneously learns related prediction tasks, to improve generalization performance. We factorize a coefficient matrix as the product of two matrices based on a low-rank assumption. These matrices have sparsities to simultaneously perform variable selection and learn and overlapping group structure among the tasks. The resulting bi-convex objective function is minimized by alternating optimization, where sub-problems are solved using alternating direction method of multipliers and accelerated proximal gradient descent. Moreover, we provide the performance bound of the proposed method. The effectiveness of the proposed method is validated for both synthetic and real-world datasets.	Variable Selection and Task Grouping for Multi-Task Learning	NA:NA	2018
Kishlay Jha:Guangxu Xun:Yaqing Wang:Vishrawas Gopalakrishnan:Aidong Zhang	Given two topics of interest (A, C) that are otherwise disconnected - for instance two concepts: a disease ("Migraine") and a therapeutic substance ("Magnesium") - this paper attempts to find the conceptual bridges (e.g., serotonin (B)) that connects them in a novel way. This problem of mining implicit linkage is known as hypotheses generation and its potential to accelerate scientific progress is widely recognized. Almost all of the prior studies to tackle this problem ignore the temporal dynamics of concepts. This is limiting because it is known that the semantic meaning of a concept evolves over time. To overcome this issue, in this study, we define this problem as mining time-aware Top-k conceptual bridges, and in doing so provide a systematic approach to formalize the problem. Specifically, the proposed model first extracts relevant entities from the corpus, represents them in time-specific latent spaces, and then further reasons upon it to generate novel and experimentally testable hypotheses. The key challenge in this approach is to learn a mapping function that encodes the temporal characteristics of concepts and aligns the across-time latent spaces. To solve this, we propose an effective algorithm that learns precise mapping sensitive to both global and local semantics of the input query. Both qualitative and quantitative evaluations performed on the largest available biomedical corpus substantiate the importance of leveraging the evolutionary semantics of medical concepts and suggests that the generated hypotheses are novel and worthy of clinical trials.	Concepts-Bridges: Uncovering Conceptual Bridges Based on Biomedical Concept Evolution	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bo Jin:Haoyu Yang:Leilei Sun:Chuanren Liu:Yue Qu:Jianing Tong	Recent years have witnessed an opportunity for improving healthcare efficiency and quality by mining Electronic Medical Records (EMRs). This paper is aimed at developing a treatment engine, which learns from historical EMR data and provides a patient with next-period prescriptions based on disease conditions, laboratory results, and treatment records of the patient. Importantly, the engine takes consideration of both treatment records and physical examination sequences which are not only heterogeneous and temporal in nature but also often with different record frequencies and lengths. Moreover, the engine also combines static information (e.g., demographics) with the temporal sequences to provide personalized treatment prescriptions to patients. In this regard, a novel Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) learning framework is proposed to model inter-correlations of different types of medical sequences by connections between hidden neurons. With this framework, we develop three multifaceted LSTM models: Fully Connected Heterogeneous LSTM, Partially Connected Heterogeneous LSTM, and Decomposed Heterogeneous LSTM. The experiments are conducted on two datasets: one is the public MIMIC-III ICU data, and the other comes from several Chinese hospitals. Experimental results reveal the effectiveness of the framework and the three models. The work is deemed important and meaningful for both academia and practitioners in the realm of medical treatment and prediction, as well as in other fields of applications where intelligent decision support becomes pervasive.	A Treatment Engine by Predicting Next-Period Prescriptions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kun Kuang:Peng Cui:Susan Athey:Ruoxuan Xiong:Bo Li	In many important machine learning applications, the training distribution used to learn a probabilistic classifier differs from the distribution on which the classifier will be used to make predictions. Traditional methods correct the distribution shift by reweighting training data with the ratio of the density between test and training data. However, in many applications training takes place without prior knowledge of the testing distribution. Recently, methods have been proposed to address the shift by learning the underlying causal structure, but those methods rely on diversity arising from multiple training data sets, and they further have complexity limitations in high dimensions. In this paper, we propose a novel Deep Global Balancing Regression (DGBR) algorithm to jointly optimize a deep auto-encoder model for feature selection and a global balancing model for stable prediction across unknown environments. The global balancing model constructs balancing weights that facilitate estimation of partial effects of features (holding fixed all other features), a problem that is challenging in high dimensions, and thus helps to identify stable, causal relationships between features and outcomes. The deep auto-encoder model is designed to reduce the dimensionality of the feature space, thus making global balancing easier. We show, both theoretically and with empirical experiments, that our algorithm can make stable predictions across unknown environments. Our experiments on both synthetic and real datasets demonstrate that our algorithm outperforms the state-of-the-art methods for stable prediction across unknown environments.	Stable Prediction across Unknown Environments	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Atsutoshi Kumagai:Tomoharu Iwata	We propose a method for learning the dynamics of the decision boundary to maintain classification performance without additional labeled data. In various applications, such as spam-mail classification, the decision boundary dynamically changes over time. Accordingly, the performance of classifiers deteriorates quickly unless the classifiers are retrained using additional labeled data. However, continuously preparing such data is quite expensive or impossible. The proposed method alleviates this deterioration in performance by using newly obtained unlabeled data, which are easy to prepare, as well as labeled data collected beforehand. With the proposed method, the dynamics of the decision boundary is modeled by Gaussian processes. To exploit information on the decision boundaries from unlabeled data, the low-density separation criterion, i.e., the decision boundary should not cross high-density regions, but instead lie in low-density regions, is assumed with the proposed method. We incorporate this criterion into our framework in a principled manner by introducing the entropy posterior regularization to the posterior of the classifier parameters on the basis of the generic regularized Bayesian framework. We developed an efficient inference algorithm for the model based on variational Bayesian inference. The effectiveness of the proposed method was demonstrated through experiments using two synthetic and four real-world data sets.	Learning Dynamics of Decision Boundaries without Additional Labeled Data	NA:NA	2018
Hung Le:Truyen Tran:Svetha Venkatesh	One of the core tasks in multi-view learning is to capture relations among views. For sequential data, the relations not only span across views, but also extend throughout the view length to form long-term intra-view and inter-view interactions. In this paper, we present a new memory augmented neural network that aims to model these complex interactions between two asynchronous sequential views. Our model uses two encoders for reading from and writing to two external memories for encoding input views. The intra-view interactions and the long-term dependencies are captured by the use of memories during this encoding process. There are two modes of memory accessing in our system: late-fusion and early-fusion, corresponding to late and early inter-view interactions. In the late-fusion mode, the two memories are separated, containing only view-specific contents. In the early-fusion mode, the two memories share the same addressing space, allowing cross-memory accessing. In both cases, the knowledge from the memories will be combined by a decoder to make predictions over the output space. The resulting dual memory neural computer is demonstrated on a comprehensive set of experiments, including a synthetic task of summing two sequences and the tasks of drug prescription and disease progression in healthcare. The results demonstrate competitive performance over both traditional algorithms and deep learning methods designed for multi-view problems.	Dual Memory Neural Computer for Asynchronous Two-view Sequential Learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ching-pei Lee:Cong Han Lim:Stephen J. Wright	We propose a communication- and computation-efficient distributed optimization algorithm using second-order information for solving ERM problems with a nonsmooth regularization term. Current second-order and quasi-Newton methods for this problem either do not work well in the distributed setting or work only for specific regularizers. Our algorithm uses successive quadratic approximations, and we describe how to maintain an approximation of the Hessian and solve subproblems efficiently in a distributed manner. The proposed method enjoys global linear convergence for a broad range of non-strongly convex problems that includes the most commonly used ERMs, thus requiring lower communication complexity. It also converges on non-convex problems, so has the potential to be used on applications such as deep learning. Initial computational results on convex problems demonstrate that our method significantly improves on communication cost and running time over the current state-of-the-art methods.	A Distributed Quasi-Newton Algorithm for Empirical Risk Minimization with Nonsmooth Regularization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jaewoo Lee:Daniel Kifer	Iterative algorithms, like gradient descent, are common tools for solving a variety of problems, such as model fitting. For this reason, there is interest in creating differentially private versions of them. However, their conversion to differentially private algorithms is often naive. For instance, a fixed number of iterations are chosen, the privacy budget is split evenly among them, and at each iteration, parameters are updated with a noisy gradient. In this paper, we show that gradient-based algorithms can be improved by a more careful allocation of privacy budget per iteration. Intuitively, at the beginning of the optimization, gradients are expected to be large, so that they do not need to be measured as accurately. However, as the parameters approach their optimal values, the gradients decrease and hence need to be measured more accurately. We add a basic line-search capability that helps the algorithm decide when more accurate gradient measurements are necessary. Our gradient descent algorithm works with the recently introduced zCDP version of differential privacy. It outperforms prior algorithms for model fitting and is competitive with the state-of-the-art for $(Îµ,Î´)$-differential privacy, a strictly weaker definition than zCDP.	Concentrated Differentially Private Gradient Descent with Adaptive per-Iteration Privacy Budget	NA:NA	2018
John Boaz Lee:Ryan Rossi:Xiangnan Kong	Graph classification is a problem with practical applications in many different domains. To solve this problem, one usually calculates certain graph statistics (i.e., graph features) that help discriminate between graphs of different classes. When calculating such features, most existing approaches process the entire graph. In a graphlet-based approach, for instance, the entire graph is processed to get the total count of different graphlets or subgraphs. In many real-world applications, however, graphs can be noisy with discriminative patterns confined to certain regions in the graph only. In this work, we study the problem of attention-based graph classification. The use of attention allows us to focus on small but informative parts of the graph, avoiding noise in the rest of the graph. We present a novel RNN model, called the Graph Attention Model (GAM), that processes only a portion of the graph by adaptively selecting a sequence of "informative" nodes. Experimental results on multiple real-world datasets show that the proposed method is competitive against various well-known methods in graph classification even though our method is limited to only a portion of the graph.	Graph Classification using Structural Attention	NA:NA:NA	2018
Qi Li:Meng Jiang:Xikun Zhang:Meng Qu:Timothy P. Hanratty:Jing Gao:Jiawei Han	Pattern-based methods have been successful in information extraction and NLP research. Previous approaches learn the quality of a textual pattern as relatedness to a certain task based on statistics of its individual content (e.g., length, frequency) and hundreds of carefully-annotated labels. However, patterns of good content-quality may generate heavily conflicting information due to the big gap between relatedness and correctness. Evaluating the correctness of information is critical in (entity, attribute, value)-tuple extraction. In this work, we propose a novel method, called TruePIE, that finds reliable patterns which can extract not only related but also correct information. TruePIE adopts the self-training framework and repeats the training-predicting-extracting process to gradually discover more and more reliable patterns. To better represent the textual patterns, pattern embeddings are formulated so that patterns with similar semantic meanings are embedded closely to each other. The embeddings jointly consider the local pattern information and the distributional information of the extractions. To conquer the challenge of lacking supervision on patterns' reliability, TruePIE can automatically generate high quality training patterns based on a couple of seed patterns by applying the arity-constraints to distinguish highly reliable patterns (i.e., positive patterns) and highly unreliable patterns (i.e., negative patterns). Experiments on a huge news dataset (over 25GB) demonstrate that the proposed TruePIE significantly outperforms baseline methods on each of the three tasks: reliable tuple extraction, reliable pattern extraction, and negative pattern extraction.	TruePIE: Discovering Reliable Patterns in Pattern-Based Information Extraction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuai Li:Yasin Abbasi-Yadkori:Branislav Kveton:S. Muthukrishnan:Vishwa Vinay:Zheng Wen	Many web systems rank and present a list of items to users, from recommender systems to search and advertising. An important problem in practice is to evaluate new ranking policies offline and optimize them before they are deployed. We address this problem by proposing evaluation algorithms for estimating the expected number of clicks on ranked lists from historical logged data. The existing algorithms are not guaranteed to be statistically efficient in our problem because the number of recommended lists can grow exponentially with their length. To overcome this challenge, we use models of user interaction with the list of items, the so-called click models, to construct estimators that learn statistically efficiently. We analyze our estimators and prove that they are more efficient than the estimators that do not use the structure of the click model, under the assumption that the click model holds. We evaluate our estimators in a series of experiments on a real-world dataset and show that they consistently outperform prior estimators.	Offline Evaluation of Ranking Policies with Click Models	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yaguang Li:Kun Fu:Zheng Wang:Cyrus Shahabi:Jieping Ye:Yan Liu	One crucial task in intelligent transportation systems is estimating the duration of a potential trip given the origin location, destination location as well as the departure time. Most existing approaches for travel time estimation assume that the route of the trip is given, which does not hold in real-world applications since the route can be dynamically changed due to traffic conditions, user preferences, etc. As inferring the path from the origin and the destination can be time-consuming and nevertheless error-prone, it is desirable to perform origin-destination travel time estimation, which aims to predict the travel time without online route information. This problem is challenging mainly due to its limited amount of information available and the complicated spatiotemporal dependency. In this paper, we propose a MUlti-task Representation learning model for Arrival Time estimation (MURAT). This model produces meaningful representation that preserves various trip properties in the real-world and at the same time leverages the underlying road network and the spatiotemporal prior knowledge. Further-more, we propose a multi-task learning framework to utilize the path information of historical trips during the training phase which boosts the performance. Experimental results on two large-scale real-world datasets show that the proposed approach achieves clear improvements over state-of-the-art methods	Multi-task Representation Learning for Travel Time Estimation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yaliang Li:Chenglin Miao:Lu Su:Jing Gao:Qi Li:Bolin Ding:Zhan Qin:Kui Ren	Soliciting answers from online users is an efficient and effective solution to many challenging tasks. Due to the variety in the quality of users, it is important to infer their ability to provide correct answers during aggregation. Therefore, truth discovery methods can be used to automatically capture the user quality and aggregate user-contributed answers via a weighted combination. Despite the fact that truth discovery is an effective tool for answer aggregation, existing work falls short of the protection towards the privacy of participating users. To fill this gap, we propose perturbation-based mechanisms that provide users with privacy guarantees and maintain the accuracy of aggregated answers. We first present a one-layer mechanism, in which all the users adopt the same probability to perturb their answers. Aggregation is then conducted on perturbed answers but the aggregation accuracy could drop accordingly. To improve the utility, a two-layer mechanism is proposed where users are allowed to sample their own probabilities from a hyper distribution. We theoretically compare the one-layer and two-layer mechanisms, and prove that they provide the same privacy guarantee while the two-layer mechanism delivers better utility. This advantage is brought by the fact that the two-layer mechanism can utilize the estimated user quality information from truth discovery to reduce the accuracy loss caused by perturbation, which is confirmed by experimental results on real-world datasets. Experimental results also demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed two-layer mechanism in privacy protection with tolerable accuracy loss in aggregation.	An Efficient Two-Layer Mechanism for Privacy-Preserving Truth Discovery	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yan Li:Jieping Ye	Semi-supervised learning is a branch of machine learning techniques that aims to make fully use of both labeled and unlabeled instances to improve the prediction performance. The size of modern real world datasets is ever-growing so that acquiring label information for them is extraordinarily difficult and costly. Therefore, deep semi-supervised learning is becoming more and more popular. Most of the existing deep semi-supervised learning methods are built under the generative model based scheme, where the data distribution is approximated via input data reconstruction. However, this scheme does not naturally work on discrete data, e.g., text; in addition, learning a good data representation is sometimes directly opposed to the goal of learning a high performance prediction model. To address the issues of this type of methods, we reformulate the semi-supervised learning as a model-based reinforcement learning problem and propose an adversarial networks based framework. The proposed framework contains two networks: a predictor network for target estimation and a judge network for evaluation. The judge network iteratively generates proper reward to guide the training of predictor network, and the predictor network is trained via policy gradient. Based on the aforementioned framework, we propose a recurrent neural network based model for semi-supervised text classification. We conduct comprehensive experimental analysis on several real world benchmark text datasets, and the results from our evaluations show that our method outperforms other competing state-of-the-art methods.	Learning Adversarial Networks for Semi-Supervised Text Classification via Policy Gradient	NA:NA	2018
Yexin Li:Yu Zheng:Qiang Yang	Bike-sharing systems are widely deployed in many major cities, while the jammed and empty stations in them lead to severe customer loss. Currently, operators try to constantly reposition bikes among stations when the system is operating. However, how to efficiently reposition to minimize the customer loss in a long period remains unsolved. We propose a spatio-temporal reinforcement learning based bike reposition model to deal with this problem. Firstly, an inter-independent inner-balance clustering algorithm is proposed to cluster stations into groups. Clusters obtained have two properties, i.e. each cluster is inner-balanced and independent from the others. As there are many trikes repositioning in a very large system simultaneously, clustering is necessary to reduce the problem complexity. Secondly, we allocate multiple trikes to each cluster to conduct inner-cluster bike reposition. A spatio-temporal reinforcement learning model is designed for each cluster to learn a reposition policy in it, targeting at minimizing its customer loss in a long period. To learn each model, we design a deep neural network to estimate its optimal long-term value function, from which the optimal policy can be easily inferred. Besides formulating the model in a multi-agent way, we further reduce its training complexity by two spatio-temporal pruning rules. Thirdly, we design a system simulator based on two predictors to train and evaluate the reposition model. Experiments on real-world datasets from Citi Bike are conducted to confirm the effectiveness of our model.	Dynamic Bike Reposition: A Spatio-Temporal Reinforcement Learning Approach	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhi Li:Hongke Zhao:Qi Liu:Zhenya Huang:Tao Mei:Enhong Chen	In the modern e-commerce, the behaviors of customers contain rich information, e.g., consumption habits, the dynamics of preferences. Recently, session-based recommendationsare becoming popular to explore the temporal characteristics of customers' interactive behaviors. However, existing works mainly exploit the short-term behaviors without fully taking the customers' long-term stable preferences and evolutions into account. In this paper, we propose a novel Behavior-Intensive Neural Network (BINN) for next-item recommendation by incorporating both users' historical stable preferences and present consumption motivations. Specifically, BINN contains two main components, i.e., Neural Item Embedding, and Discriminative Behaviors Learning. Firstly, a novel item embedding method based on user interactions is developed for obtaining an unified representation for each item. Then, with the embedded items and the interactive behaviors over item sequences, BINN discriminatively learns the historical preferences and present motivations of the target users. Thus, BINN could better perform recommendations of the next items for the target users. Finally, for evaluating the performances of BINN, we conduct extensive experiments on two real-world datasets, i.e., Tianchi and JD. The experimental results clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of BINN compared with several state-of-the-art methods.	Learning from History and Present: Next-item Recommendation via Discriminatively Exploiting User Behaviors	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Defu Lian:Kai Zheng:Vincent W. Zheng:Yong Ge:Longbing Cao:Ivor W. Tsang:Xing Xie	Information network embedding is an effective way for efficient graph analytics. However, it still faces with computational challenges in problems such as link prediction and node recommendation, particularly with increasing scale of networks. Hashing is a promising approach for accelerating these problems by orders of magnitude. However, no prior studies have been focused on seeking binary codes for information networks to preserve high-order proximity. Since matrix factorization (MF) unifies and outperforms several well-known embedding methods with high-order proximity preserved, we propose a MF-based \underlineI nformation \underlineN etwork \underlineH ashing (INH-MF) algorithm, to learn binary codes which can preserve high-order proximity. We also suggest Hamming subspace learning, which only updates partial binary codes each time, to scale up INH-MF. We finally evaluate INH-MF on four real-world information network datasets with respect to the tasks of node classification and node recommendation. The results demonstrate that INH-MF can perform significantly better than competing learning to hash baselines in both tasks, and surprisingly outperforms network embedding methods, including DeepWalk, LINE and NetMF, in the task of node recommendation. The source code of INH-MF is available online\footnote\urlhttps://github.com/DefuLian/network .	High-order Proximity Preserving Information Network Hashing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jianxun Lian:Xiaohuan Zhou:Fuzheng Zhang:Zhongxia Chen:Xing Xie:Guangzhong Sun	Combinatorial features are essential for the success of many commercial models. Manually crafting these features usually comes with high cost due to the variety, volume and velocity of raw data in web-scale systems. Factorization based models, which measure interactions in terms of vector product, can learn patterns of combinatorial features automatically and generalize to unseen features as well. With the great success of deep neural networks (DNNs) in various fields, recently researchers have proposed several DNN-based factorization model to learn both low- and high-order feature interactions. Despite the powerful ability of learning an arbitrary function from data, plain DNNs generate feature interactions implicitly and at the bit-wise level. In this paper, we propose a novel Compressed Interaction Network (CIN), which aims to generate feature interactions in an explicit fashion and at the vector-wise level. We show that the CIN share some functionalities with convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and recurrent neural networks (RNNs). We further combine a CIN and a classical DNN into one unified model, and named this new model eXtreme Deep Factorization Machine (xDeepFM). On one hand, the xDeepFM is able to learn certain bounded-degree feature interactions explicitly; on the other hand, it can learn arbitrary low- and high-order feature interactions implicitly. We conduct comprehensive experiments on three real-world datasets. Our results demonstrate that xDeepFM outperforms state-of-the-art models. We have released the source code of xDeepFM at https://github.com/Leavingseason/xDeepFM.	xDeepFM: Combining Explicit and Implicit Feature Interactions for Recommender Systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shangsong Liang:Xiangliang Zhang:Zhaochun Ren:Evangelos Kanoulas	In this paper, we study the problem of dynamic user profiling in Twitter. We address the problem by proposing a dynamic user and word embedding model (DUWE), a scalable black-box variational inference algorithm, and a streaming keyword diversification model (SKDM). DUWE dynamically tracks the semantic representations of users and words over time and models their embeddings in the same space so that their similarities can be effectively measured. Our inference algorithm works with a convex objective function that ensures the robustness of the learnt embeddings. SKDM aims at retrieving top-K relevant and diversified keywords to profile users' dynamic interests. Experiments on a Twitter dataset demonstrate that our proposed embedding algorithms outperform state-of-the-art non-dynamic and dynamic embedding and topic models.	Dynamic Embeddings for User Profiling in Twitter	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kaixiang Lin:Renyu Zhao:Zhe Xu:Jiayu Zhou	Large-scale online ride-sharing platforms have substantially transformed our lives by reallocating transportation resources to alleviate traffic congestion and promote transportation efficiency. An efficient fleet management strategy not only can significantly improve the utilization of transportation resources but also increase the revenue and customer satisfaction. It is a challenging task to design an effective fleet management strategy that can adapt to an environment involving complex dynamics between demand and supply. Existing studies usually work on a simplified problem setting that can hardly capture the complicated stochastic demand-supply variations in high-dimensional space. In this paper we propose to tackle the large-scale fleet management problem using reinforcement learning, and propose a contextual multi-agent reinforcement learning framework including two concrete algorithms, namely contextual deep Q-learning and contextual multi-agent actor-critic, to achieve explicit coordination among a large number of agents adaptive to different contexts. We show significant improvements of the proposed framework over state-of-the-art approaches through extensive empirical studies.	Efficient Large-Scale Fleet Management via Multi-Agent Deep Reinforcement Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Boyang Liu:Pang-Ning Tan:Jiayu Zhou	Multilevel modeling and multi-task learning are two widely used approaches for modeling nested (multi-level) data, which contain observations that can be clustered into groups, characterized by their group-level features. Despite the similarity of the problems they address, the explicit relationship between multilevel modeling and multi-task learning has not been carefully examined. In this paper, we present a comparative analysis between the two methods to illustrate their strengths and limitations when applied to two-level nested data. We provide a detailed analysis demonstrating the equivalence of their formulations under a mild condition from an optimization perspective. We also demonstrate their limitations in terms of their predictive performance and especially, their difficulty in identifying potential cross-scale interactions between the local and group-level features when applied to datasets with either a small number of groups or limited training examples per group. To overcome these limitations, we propose a novel method for disaggregating the coarse-scale values of the group-level features in the nested data. Experimental results on both synthetic and real-world data show that the disaggregated group-level features can help enhance the prediction accuracy of the models significantly and identify the cross-scale interactions more effectively.	Enhancing Predictive Modeling of Nested Spatial Data through Group-Level Feature Disaggregation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jie Liu:Zhicheng He:Lai Wei:Yalou Huang	This paper concerns the problem of network embedding (NE), whose aim is to learn low-dimensional representations for nodes in networks. Such dense vector representations offer great promises for many network analysis problems. However, existing NE approaches are still faced with challenges posed by the characteristics of complex networks in real-world applications. First, for many real-world networks associated with rich content information, previous NE methods tend to learn separated content and structure representations for each node, which requires a post-processing of combination. The empirical and simple combination strategies often make the final vector suboptimal. Second, the existing NE methods preserve the structure information by considering short and fixed neighborhood scope, such as the first- and/or the second-order proximities. However, it is hard to decide the scope of the neighborhood when facing a complex problem. To this end, we propose a novel sequence-to-sequence model based NE framework which is referred to as Self-Translation Network Embedding (STNE) model. With the sequences generated by random walks on a network, STNE learns the mapping that translates each sequence itself from the content sequence to the node sequence. On the one hand, the bi-directional LSTM encoder of STNE fuses the content and structure information seamlessly from the raw input. On the other hand, high-order proximity can be flexibly learned with the memories of LSTM to capture long-range structural information. By such self-translation from content to node, the learned hidden representations can be adopted as node embeddings. Extensive experimental results based on three real-world datasets demonstrate that the proposed STNE outperforms the state-of-the-art NE approaches. To facilitate reproduction and further study, we provide Internet access to the code and datasets\footnotehttp://dm.nankai.edu.cn/code/STNE.rar.	Content to Node: Self-Translation Network Embedding	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ninghao Liu:Hongxia Yang:Xia Hu	Machine learning (ML) systems have been increasingly applied in web security applications such as spammer detection, malware detection and fraud detection. These applications have an intrinsic adversarial nature where intelligent attackers can adaptively change their behaviors to avoid being detected by the deployed detectors. Existing efforts against adversaries are usually limited by the type of applied ML models or the specific applications such as image classification. Additionally, the working mechanisms of ML models usually cannot be well understood by users, which in turn impede them from understanding the vulnerabilities of models nor improving their robustness. To bridge the gap, in this paper, we propose to investigate whether model interpretation could potentially help adversarial detection. Specifically, we develop a novel adversary-resistant detection framework by utilizing the interpretation of ML models. The interpretation process explains the mechanism of how the target ML model makes prediction for a given instance, thus providing more insights for crafting adversarial samples. The robustness of detectors is then improved through adversarial training with the adversarial samples. A data-driven method is also developed to empirically estimate costs of adversaries in feature manipulation. Our approach is model-agnostic and can be applied to various types of classification models. Our experimental results on two real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of interpretation-based attacks and how estimated feature manipulation cost would affect the behavior of adversaries.	Adversarial Detection with Model Interpretation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ninghao Liu:Xiao Huang:Jundong Li:Xia Hu	Network embedding has been increasingly used in many network analytics applications to generate low-dimensional vector representations, so that many off-the-shelf models can be applied to solve a wide variety of data mining tasks. However, similar to many other machine learning methods, network embedding results remain hard to be understood by users. Each dimension in the embedding space usually does not have any specific meaning, thus it is difficult to comprehend how the embedding instances are distributed in the reconstructed space. In addition, heterogeneous content information may be incorporated into network embedding, so it is challenging to specify which source of information is effective in generating the embedding results. In this paper, we investigate the interpretation of network embedding, aiming to understand how instances are distributed in embedding space, as well as explore the factors that lead to the embedding results. We resort to the post-hoc interpretation scheme, so that our approach can be applied to different types of embedding methods. Specifically, the interpretation of network embedding is presented in the form of a taxonomy. Effective objectives and corresponding algorithms are developed towards building the taxonomy. We also design several metrics to evaluate interpretation results. Experiments on real-world datasets from different domains demonstrate that, by comparing with the state-of-the-art alternatives, our approach produces effective and meaningful interpretation to embedding results.	On Interpretation of Network Embedding via Taxonomy Induction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qi Liu:Zai Huang:Zhenya Huang:Chuanren Liu:Enhong Chen:Yu Su:Guoping Hu	In online education systems, finding similar exercises is a fundamental task of many applications, such as exercise retrieval and student modeling. Several approaches have been proposed for this task by simply using the specific textual content (e.g. the same knowledge concepts or the similar words) in exercises. However, the problem of how to systematically exploit the rich semantic information embedded in multiple heterogenous data (e.g. texts and images) to precisely retrieve similar exercises remains pretty much open. To this end, in this paper, we develop a novel Multimodal Attention-based Neural Network (MANN) framework for finding similar exercises in large-scale online education systems by learning a unified semantic representation from the heterogenous data. In MANN, given exercises with texts, images and knowledge concepts, we first apply a convolutional neural network to extract image representations and use an embedding layer for representing concepts. Then, we design an attention-based long short-term memory network to learn a unified semantic representation of each exercise in a multimodal way. Here, two attention strategies are proposed to capture the associations of texts and images, texts and knowledge concepts, respectively. Moreover, with a Similarity Attention, the similar parts in each exercise pair are also measured. Finally, we develop a pairwise training strategy for returning similar exercises. Extensive experimental results on real-world data clearly validate the effectiveness and the interpretation power of MANN.	Finding Similar Exercises in Online Education Systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qiao Liu:Yifu Zeng:Refuoe Mokhosi:Haibin Zhang	Predicting users' actions based on anonymous sessions is a challenging problem in web-based behavioral modeling research, mainly due to the uncertainty of user behavior and the limited information. Recent advances in recurrent neural networks have led to promising approaches to solving this problem, with long short-term memory model proving effective in capturing users' general interests from previous clicks. However, none of the existing approaches explicitly take the effects of users' current actions on their next moves into account. In this study, we argue that a long-term memory model may be insufficient for modeling long sessions that usually contain user interests drift caused by unintended clicks. A novel short-term attention/memory priority model is proposed as a remedy, which is capable of capturing users' general interests from the long-term memory of a session context, whilst taking into account users' current interests from the short-term memory of the last-clicks. The validity and efficacy of the proposed attention mechanism is extensively evaluated on three benchmark data sets from the RecSys Challenge 2015 and CIKM Cup 2016. The numerical results show that our model achieves state-of-the-art performance in all the tests.	STAMP: Short-Term Attention/Memory Priority Model for Session-based Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xinyue Liu:Xiangnan Kong:Philip S. Yu	Influence maximization (IM) targets at maximizing the number of users being aware of a product by finding a set of seed users to expose in a social network. Previous IM models mainly focus on optimizing the spread of product consumption, which assumes that all users are potential customers and more exposures lead to better profit. However, in the real-world scenario, some people may not like the product and may express negative opinions after consuming, which damage the product reputation and harm the long-term profit. Only a portion of users in the social network, called the target user, is the potential customer that likes the product and will spread positive opinion. In this paper, we consider a problem called AcTive Opinion Maximization (ATOM), where the goal is to find a set of seed users to maximize the overall opinion spread toward a target product in a multi-round campaign. Different from previous works, we do not assume the user opinion is known before consumption, but should be derived from user preference data. The ATOM problem has essential applications in viral marketing, such as reputation building and precision advertising. Given its significance, ATOM problem is profoundly challenging due to the hardness of estimating user opinion in a multi-round campaign. Moreover, the process of opinion estimation and influence propagation intertwine with each other, which requires the model to consider the two components collectively. We propose an active learning framework called CONE (aCtive OpinioN Estimator) to address above challenges. Experimental results on two real-world datasets demonstrate that CONE improves the total opinion spread in a social network.	Active Opinion Maximization in Social Networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yiding Liu:Kaiqi Zhao:Gao Cong	With the proliferation of mobile devices and location-based services, rich geo-tagged data is becoming prevalent and this offer great opportunities to understand different geographical regions (e.g., shopping areas). However, the huge number of regions with complicated spatial information are expensive for people to explore and understand. To solve this issue, we study the problem of searching similar regions given a user specified query region. The problem is challenging in both similarity definition and search efficiency. To tackle the two challenges, we propose a novel solution equipped by (1) a deep learning approach to learning the similarity that considers both object attributes and the relative locations between objects; and (2) an efficient branch and bound search algorithm for finding top-N similar regions. Moreover, we propose an approximation method to further improve the efficiency by slightly sacrificing the accuracy. Our experiments on three real world datasets demonstrate that our solution improves both the accuracy and search efficiency by a significant margin compared with the state-of-the-art methods.	Efficient Similar Region Search with Deep Metric Learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zemin Liu:Vincent W. Zheng:Zhou Zhao:Zhao Li:Hongxia Yang:Minghui Wu:Jing Ying	Semantic proximity search on heterogeneous graph is an important task, and is useful for many applications. It aims to measure the proximity between two nodes on a heterogeneous graph w.r.t. some given semantic relation. Prior work often tries to measure the semantic proximity by paths connecting a query object and a target object. Despite the success of such path-based approaches, they often modeled the paths in a weakly coupled manner, which overlooked the rich interactions among paths. In this paper, we introduce a novel concept of interactive paths to model the inter-dependency among multiple paths between a query object and a target object. We then propose an Interactive Paths Embedding (IPE) model, which learns low-dimensional representations for the resulting interactive-paths structures for proximity estimation. We conduct experiments on seven relations with four different types of heterogeneous graphs, and show that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art baselines.	Interactive Paths Embedding for Semantic Proximity Search on Heterogeneous Graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zheng Liu:Xing Xie:Lei Chen	Collaborator Recommendation is a useful application in exploiting big academic data. However, existing works leave out the contextual restriction (i.e., research topics) of people's academic collaboration, thus cannot recommend suitable collaborators for the required research topics. In this work, we propose Context-aware Collaborator Recommendation (CACR), which aims to recommend high-potential new collaborators for people's context-restricted requests. To this end, we design a novel recommendation framework, which consists of two fundamental components: the Collaborative Entity Embedding network (CEE) and the Hierarchical Factorization Model (HFM). In particular, CEE jointly represents researchers and research topics as compact vectors based on their co-occurrence relationships, whereby capturing researchers' context-aware collaboration tendencies and topics' underlying semantics. Meanwhile, HFM extracts researchers' activenesses and conservativenesses, which reflect their intensities of making academic collaborations and tendencies of working with non-collaborated fellows. The extracted activenesses and conservativenesses work collaboratively with the context-aware collaboration tendencies, such that high-quality recommendation can be produced. Extensive experimental studies are conducted with large-scale academic data, whose results verify the effectiveness of our proposed approaches.	Context-aware Academic Collaborator Recommendation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Pan Lu:Lei Ji:Wei Zhang:Nan Duan:Ming Zhou:Jianyong Wang	Recently, Visual Question Answering (VQA) has emerged as one of the most significant tasks in multimodal learning as it requires understanding both visual and textual modalities. Existing methods mainly rely on extracting image and question features to learn their joint feature embedding via multimodal fusion or attention mechanism. Some recent studies utilize external VQA-independent models to detect candidate entities or attributes in images, which serve as semantic knowledge complementary to the VQA task. However, these candidate entities or attributes might be unrelated to the VQA task and have limited semantic capacities. To better utilize semantic knowledge in images, we propose a novel framework to learn visual relation facts for VQA. Specifically, we build up a Relation-VQA (R-VQA) dataset based on the Visual Genome dataset via a semantic similarity module, in which each data consists of an image, a corresponding question, a correct answer and a supporting relation fact. A well-defined relation detector is then adopted to predict visual question-related relation facts. We further propose a multi-step attention model composed of visual attention and semantic attention sequentially to extract related visual knowledge and semantic knowledge. We conduct comprehensive experiments on the two benchmark datasets, demonstrating that our model achieves state-of-the-art performance and verifying the benefit of considering visual relation facts.	R-VQA: Learning Visual Relation Facts with Semantic Attention for Visual Question Answering	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chen Luo:Zhengzhang Chen:Lu-An Tang:Anshumali Shrivastava:Zhichun Li:Haifeng Chen:Jieping Ye	The latent behavior of an information system that can exhibit extreme events, such as system faults or cyber-attacks, is complex. Recently, the invariant network has shown to be a powerful way of characterizing complex system behaviors. Structures and evolutions of the invariance network, in particular, the vanishing correlations, can shed light on identifying causal anomalies and performing system diagnosis. However, due to the dynamic and complex nature of real-world information systems, learning a reliable invariant network in a new environment often requires continuous collecting and analyzing the system surveillance data for several weeks or even months. Although the invariant networks learned from old environments have some common entities and entity relationships, these networks cannot be directly borrowed for the new environment due to the domain variety problem. To avoid the prohibitive time and resource consuming network building process, we propose TINET, a knowledge transfer based model for accelerating invariant network construction. In particular, we first propose an entity estimation model to estimate the probability of each source domain entity that can be included in the final invariant network of the target domain. Then, we propose a dependency construction model for constructing the unbiased dependency relationships by solving a two-constraint optimization problem. Extensive experiments on both synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of TINET. We also apply TINET to a real enterprise security system for intrusion detection. TINET achieves superior detection performance at least 20 days lead-lag time in advance with more than 75% accuracy.	TINET: Learning Invariant Networks via Knowledge Transfer	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Luo Luo:Wenpeng Zhang:Zhihua Zhang:Wenwu Zhu:Tong Zhang:Jian Pei	Factorization Machine (FM) is a supervised machine learning model for feature engineering, which is widely used in many real-world applications. In this paper, we consider the case that the data samples arrive sequentially. The existing convex formulation for online FM has the strong theoretical guarantee and stable performance in practice, but the computational cost is typically expensive when the data is high-dimensional. To address this weakness, we devise a novel online learning algorithm called Sketched Follow-The-Regularizer-Leader (SFTRL). SFTRL presents the parameters of FM implicitly by maintaining low-rank matrices and updates the parameters via sketching. More specifically, we propose Generalized Frequent Directions to approximate indefinite symmetric matrices in a streaming way, making that the sum of historical gradients for FM could be estimated with tighter error bound efficiently. With mild assumptions, we prove that the regret bound of SFTRL is close to that of the standard FTRL. Experimental results show that SFTRL has better prediction quality than the state-of-the-art online FM algorithms in much lower time and space complexities.	Sketched Follow-The-Regularized-Leader for Online Factorization Machine	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fenglong Ma:Jing Gao:Qiuling Suo:Quanzeng You:Jing Zhou:Aidong Zhang	Predicting the risk of potential diseases from Electronic Health Records (EHR) has attracted considerable attention in recent years, especially with the development of deep learning techniques. Compared with traditional machine learning models, deep learning based approaches achieve superior performance on risk prediction task. However, none of existing work explicitly takes prior medical knowledge (such as the relationships between diseases and corresponding risk factors) into account. In medical domain, knowledge is usually represented by discrete and arbitrary rules. Thus, how to integrate such medical rules into existing risk prediction models to improve the performance is a challenge. To tackle this challenge, we propose a novel and general framework called PRIME for risk prediction task, which can successfully incorporate discrete prior medical knowledge into all of the state-of-the-art predictive models using posterior regularization technique. Different from traditional posterior regularization, we do not need to manually set a bound for each piece of prior medical knowledge when modeling desired distribution of the target disease on patients. Moreover, the proposed PRIME can automatically learn the importance of different prior knowledge with a log-linear model.Experimental results on three real medical datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework for the task of risk prediction	Risk Prediction on Electronic Health Records with Prior Medical Knowledge	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jianxin Ma:Peng Cui:Xiao Wang:Wenwu Zhu	Network embedding learns the low-dimensional representations for vertices, while preserving the inter-vertex similarity reflected by the network structure. The neighborhood structure of a vertex is usually closely related with an underlying hierarchical taxonomy---the vertices are associated with successively broader categories that can be organized hierarchically. The categories of different levels reflects similarity of different granularity. The hierarchy of the taxonomy therefore requires that the learned representations support multiple levels of granularity. Moreover, the hierarchical taxonomy enables the information to flow between vertices via their common categories, and thus provides an effective mechanism for alleviating data scarcity. However, incorporating the hierarchical taxonomy into network embedding poses a great challenge (since the taxonomy is generally unknown), and it is neglected by the existing approaches. In this paper, we propose NetHiex, a NETwork embedding model that captures the latent HIErarchical taXonomy. In our model, a vertex representation consists of multiple components that are associated with categories of different granularity. The representations of both the vertices and the categories are co-regularized. We employ the nested Chinese restaurant process to guide the search of the most plausible hierarchical taxonomy. The network structure is then recovered from the latent representations via a Bernoulli distribution. The whole model is unified within a nonparametric probabilistic framework. A scalable expectation-maximization algorithm is derived for optimization. Empirical results demonstrate that NetHiex achieves significant performance gain over the state-of-arts.	Hierarchical Taxonomy Aware Network Embedding	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiaqi Ma:Zhe Zhao:Xinyang Yi:Jilin Chen:Lichan Hong:Ed H. Chi	Neural-based multi-task learning has been successfully used in many real-world large-scale applications such as recommendation systems. For example, in movie recommendations, beyond providing users movies which they tend to purchase and watch, the system might also optimize for users liking the movies afterwards. With multi-task learning, we aim to build a single model that learns these multiple goals and tasks simultaneously. However, the prediction quality of commonly used multi-task models is often sensitive to the relationships between tasks. It is therefore important to study the modeling tradeoffs between task-specific objectives and inter-task relationships. In this work, we propose a novel multi-task learning approach, Multi-gate Mixture-of-Experts (MMoE), which explicitly learns to model task relationships from data. We adapt the Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) structure to multi-task learning by sharing the expert submodels across all tasks, while also having a gating network trained to optimize each task. To validate our approach on data with different levels of task relatedness, we first apply it to a synthetic dataset where we control the task relatedness. We show that the proposed approach performs better than baseline methods when the tasks are less related. We also show that the MMoE structure results in an additional trainability benefit, depending on different levels of randomness in the training data and model initialization. Furthermore, we demonstrate the performance improvements by MMoE on real tasks including a binary classification benchmark, and a large-scale content recommendation system at Google.	Modeling Task Relationships in Multi-task Learning with Multi-gate Mixture-of-Experts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chaitanya Manapragada:Geoffrey I. Webb:Mahsa Salehi	We introduce a novel incremental decision tree learning algorithm, Hoeffding Anytime Tree, that is statistically more efficient than the current state-of-the-art, Hoeffding Tree. We demonstrate that an implementation of Hoeffding Anytime Tree---"Extremely Fast Decision Tree'', a minor modification to the MOA implementation of Hoeffding Tree---obtains significantly superior prequential accuracy on most of the largest classification datasets from the UCI repository. Hoeffding Anytime Tree produces the asymptotic batch tree in the limit, is naturally resilient to concept drift, and can be used as a higher accuracy replacement for Hoeffding Tree in most scenarios, at a small additional computational cost.	Extremely Fast Decision Tree	NA:NA:NA	2018
Emaad Manzoor:Hemank Lamba:Leman Akoglu	This work addresses the outlier detection problem for feature-evolving streams, which has not been studied before. In this setting both (1) data points may evolve, with feature values changing, as well as (2) feature space may evolve, with newly-emerging features over time. This is notably different from row-streams, where points with fixed features arrive one at a time. We propose a density-based ensemble outlier detector, called xStream, for this more extreme streaming setting which has the following key properties: (1) it is a constant-space and constant-time (per incoming update) algorithm, (2) it measures outlierness at multiple scales or granularities, it can handle (3 i ) high-dimensionality through distance-preserving projections, and (3$ii$) non-stationarity via $O(1)$-time model updates as the stream progresses. In addition, xStream can address the outlier detection problem for the (less general) disk-resident static as well as row-streaming settings. We evaluate xStream rigorously on numerous real-life datasets in all three settings: static, row-stream, and feature-evolving stream. Experiments under static and row-streaming scenarios show that xStream is as competitive as state-of-the-art detectors and particularly effective in high-dimensions with noise. We also demonstrate that our solution is fast and accurate with modest space overhead for evolving streams, on which there exists no competition.	xStream: Outlier Detection in Feature-Evolving Data Streams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dominik Mautz:Wei Ye:Claudia Plant:Christian BÃ¶hm	A huge object collection in high-dimensional space can often be clustered in more than one way, for instance, objects could be clustered by their shape or alternatively by their color. Each grouping represents a different view of the data set. The new research field of non-redundant clustering addresses this class of problems. In this paper, we follow the approach that different, non-redundant k-means-like clusterings may exist in different, arbitrarily oriented subspaces of the high-dimensional space. We assume that these subspaces (and optionally a further noise space without any cluster structure) are orthogonal to each other. This assumption enables a particularly rigorous mathematical treatment of the non-redundant clustering problem and thus a particularly efficient algorithm, which we call Nr-Kmeans (for non-redundant k-means). The superiority of our algorithm is demonstrated both theoretically, as well as in extensive experiments.	Discovering Non-Redundant K-means Clusterings in Optimal Subspaces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Denis Moreira dos Reis:AndrÃ© Maletzke:Diego F. Silva:Gustavo E. A. P. A. Batista	Many real-world applications in the batch and data stream settings with data shift pose restrictions to the access to class labels after the deployment of a classification or quantification model. However, a significant portion of the data stream literature assumes that actual labels are instantaneously available after issuing their corresponding classifications. In this paper, we explore a different set of assumptions without relying on the availability of class labels. We assume that, although the distribution of the data may change over time, it will switch between one of a handful of well-known distributions. Still, we allow the proportions of the classes to vary. In these conditions, we propose the first method that can accurately identify the correct context of data samples and simultaneously estimate the proportion of the positive class. This estimate can be further used to adjust a classification decision threshold and improve classification accuracy. Finally, the method is very efficient regarding time and memory requirements, fitting data stream applications.	Classifying and Counting with Recurrent Contexts	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gyoung S. Na:Donghyun Kim:Hwanjo Yu	With precipitously growing demand to detect outliers in data streams, many studies have been conducted aiming to develop extensions of well-known outlier detection algorithm called Local Outlier Factor (LOF), for data streams. However, existing LOF-based algorithms for data streams still suffer from two inherent limitations: 1) Large amount of memory space is required. 2) A long sequence of outliers is not detected. In this paper, we propose a new outlier detection algorithm for data streams, called DILOF that effectively overcomes the limitations. To this end, we first develop a novel density-based sampling algorithm to summarize past data and then propose a new strategy for detecting a sequence of outliers. It is worth noting that our proposing algorithms do not require any prior knowledge or assumptions on data distribution. Moreover, we accelerate the execution time of DILOF about 15 times by developing a powerful distance approximation technique. Our comprehensive experiments on real-world datasets demonstrate that DILOF significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art competitors in terms of accuracy and execution time. The source code for the proposed algorithm is available at our website: http://di.postech.ac.kr/DILOF.	DILOF: Effective and Memory Efficient Local Outlier Detection in Data Streams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Khanh Nguyen:Trung Le:Tu Dinh Nguyen:Dinh Phung:Geoffrey I. Webb	Kernel methods are powerful supervised machine learning models for their strong generalization ability, especially on limited data to effectively generalize on unseen data. However, most kernel methods, including the state-of-the-art LIBSVM, are vulnerable to the curse of kernelization, making them infeasible to apply to large-scale datasets. This issue is exacerbated when kernel methods are used in conjunction with a grid search to tune their kernel parameters and hyperparameters which brings in the question of model robustness when applied to real datasets. In this paper, we propose a robust Bayesian Kernel Machine (BKM) - a Bayesian kernel machine that exploits the strengths of both the Bayesian modelling and kernel methods. A key challenge for such a formulation is the need for an efficient learning algorithm. To this end, we successfully extended the recent Stein variational theory for Bayesian inference for our proposed model, resulting in fast and efficient learning and prediction algorithms. Importantly our proposed BKM is resilient to the curse of kernelization, hence making it applicable to large-scale datasets and robust to parameter tuning, avoiding the associated expense and potential pitfalls with current practice of parameter tuning. Our extensive experimental results on 12 benchmark datasets show that our BKM without tuning any parameter can achieve comparable predictive performance with the state-of-the-art LIBSVM and significantly outperforms other baselines, while obtaining significantly speedup in terms of the total training time compared with its rivals	Robust Bayesian Kernel Machine via Stein Variational Gradient Descent for Big Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Feiping Nie:Zhanxuan Hu:Xuelong Li	This paper proposes a novel algorithm, named Non-Convex Calibrated Multi-Task Learning (NC-CMTL), for learning multiple related regression tasks jointly. Instead of utilizing the nuclear norm, NC-CMTL adopts a non-convex low rank regularizer to explore the shared information among different tasks. In addition, considering that the regularization parameter for each regression task desponds on its noise level, we replace the least squares loss function by square-root loss function. Computationally, as proposed model has a nonsmooth loss function and a non-convex regularization term, we construct an efcient re-weighted method to optimize it. Theoretically, we frst present the convergence analysis of constructed method, and then prove that the derived solution is a stationary point of original problem. Particularly, the regularizer and optimization method used in this paper are also suitable for other rank minimization problems. Numerical experiments on both synthetic and real data illustrate the advantages of NC-CMTL over several state-of-the-art methods.	Calibrated Multi-Task Learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Feiping Nie:Lai Tian:Xuelong Li	In this paper, we make a multiview extension of the spectral rotation technique raised in single view spectral clustering research. Since spectral rotation is closely related to the Procrustes Analysis for points matching, we point out that classical Procrustes Average approach can be used for multiview clustering. Besides, we show that direct applying Procrustes Average (PA) in multiview tasks may not be optimal theoretically and empirically, since it does not take the clustering capacity differences of different views into consideration. Other than that, we propose an Adaptively Weighted Procrustes (AWP) approach to overcome the aforementioned deficiency. Our new AWP weights views with their clustering capacities and forms a weighted Procrustes Average problem accordingly. The optimization algorithm to solve the new model is computational complexity analyzed and convergence guaranteed. Experiments on five real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the new models.	Multiview Clustering via Adaptively Weighted Procrustes	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chaoyue Niu:Zhenzhe Zheng:Fan Wu:Shaojie Tang:Xiaofeng Gao:Guihai Chen	With the commoditization of personal privacy, pricing private data has become an intriguing problem. In this paper, we study noisy aggregate statistics trading from the perspective of a data broker in data markets. We thus propose ERATO, which enables aggrEgate statistics pRicing over privATe cOrrelated data. On one hand, ERATO guarantees arbitrage freeness against cunning data consumers. On the other hand, ERATO compensates data owners for their privacy losses using both bottom-up and top-down designs. We further apply ERATO to three practical aggregate statistics, namely weighted sum, probability distribution fitting, and degree distribution, and extensively evaluate their performances on MovieLens dataset, 2009 RECS dataset, and two SNAP large social network datasets, respectively. Our analysis and evaluation results reveal that ERATO well balances utility and privacy, achieves arbitrage freeness, and compensates data owners more fairly than differential privacy based approaches.	Unlocking the Value of Privacy: Trading Aggregate Statistics over Private Correlated Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Guansong Pang:Longbing Cao:Ling Chen:Huan Liu	Learning expressive low-dimensional representations of ultrahigh-dimensional data, e.g., data with thousands/millions of features, has been a major way to enable learning methods to address the curse of dimensionality. However, existing unsupervised representation learning methods mainly focus on preserving the data regularity information and learning the representations independently of subsequent outlier detection methods, which can result in suboptimal and unstable performance of detecting irregularities (i.e., outliers).  This paper introduces a ranking model-based framework, called RAMODO, to address this issue. RAMODO unifies representation learning and outlier detection to learn low-dimensional representations that are tailored for a state-of-the-art outlier detection approach - the random distance-based approach. This customized learning yields more optimal and stable representations for the targeted outlier detectors. Additionally, RAMODO can leverage little labeled data as prior knowledge to learn more expressive and application-relevant representations. We instantiate RAMODO to an efficient method called REPEN to demonstrate the performance of RAMODO.  Extensive empirical results on eight real-world ultrahigh dimensional data sets show that REPEN (i) enables a random distance-based detector to obtain significantly better AUC performance and two orders of magnitude speedup; (ii) performs substantially better and more stably than four state-of-the-art representation learning methods; and (iii) leverages less than 1% labeled data to achieve up to 32% AUC improvement.	Learning Representations of Ultrahigh-dimensional Data for Random Distance-based Outlier Detection	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Himchan Park:Min-Soo Kim	Nowadays, many researchers and industry groups often suffer from the lack of a variety of large-scale real graphs. Although a lot of synthetic graph generation methods,(or models) such as RMAT and BA have been developed, their output graphs tend to be quite different from real-world graphs in terms of graph properties. There are a few graph upscaling methods such as Gscaler, they still fail to preserve important properties of the original graph and fail to upscale due to out of memory or too long runtime. In this paper, we propose a novel graph upscaling method called EvoGraph that can upscale the original graph with preserving its properties regardless of a scale factor. It determines and attaches new edges to the real graph using the preferential attachment mechanism in an effective and efficient way. Through extensive experiments, we have demonstrated that EvoGraph significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art graph upscaling method Gscaler in terms of preserving graph properties and performance measures such as runtime, memory usage, and scalability.	EvoGraph: An Effective and Efficient Graph Upscaling Method for Preserving Graph Properties	NA:NA	2018
Georgina Peake:Jun Wang	The widescale use of machine learning algorithms to drive decision-making has highlighted the critical importance of ensuring the interpretability of such models in order to engender trust in their output. The state-of-the-art recommendation systems use black-box latent factor models that provide no explanation of why a recommendation has been made, as they abstract their decision processes to a high-dimensional latent space which is beyond the direct comprehension of humans. We propose a novel approach for extracting explanations from latent factor recommendation systems by training association rules on the output of a matrix factorisation black-box model. By taking advantage of the interpretable structure of association rules, we demonstrate that predictive accuracy of the recommendation model can be maintained whilst yielding explanations with high fidelity to the black-box model on a unique industry dataset. Our approach mitigates the accuracy-interpretability trade-off whilst avoiding the need to sacrifice flexibility or use external data sources. We also contribute to the ill-defined problem of evaluating interpretability.	Explanation Mining: Post Hoc Interpretability of Latent Factor Models for Recommendation Systems	NA:NA	2018
Leonardo Pellegrina:Fabio Vandin	The extraction of patterns displaying significant association with a class label is a key data mining task with wide application in many domains. We study a variant of the problem that requires to mine the top-k statistically significant patterns, thus providing tight control on the number of patterns reported in output. We develop TopKWY, the first algorithm to mine the top-k significant patterns while rigorously controlling the family-wise error rate of the output and provide theoretical evidence of its effectiveness. TopKWY crucially relies on a novel strategy to explore statistically significant patterns and on several key implementation choices, which may be of independent interest. Our extensive experimental evaluation shows that TopKWY enables the extraction of the most significant patterns from large datasets which could not be analyzed by the state-of-the-art. In addition, TopKWY improves over the state-of-the-art even for the extraction of all significant patterns.	Efficient Mining of the Most Significant Patterns with Permutation Testing	NA:NA	2018
Ioakeim Perros:Evangelos E. Papalexakis:Haesun Park:Richard Vuduc:Xiaowei Yan:Christopher Defilippi:Walter F. Stewart:Jimeng Sun	This paper presents a new method, which we call SUSTain, that extends real-valued matrix and tensor factorizations to data where values are integers. Such data are common when the values correspond to event counts or ordinal measures. The conventional approach is to treat integer data as real, and then apply real-valued factorizations. However, doing so fails to preserve important characteristics of the original data, thereby making it hard to interpret the results. Instead, our approach extracts factor values from integer datasets as scores that are constrained to take values from a small integer set. These scores are easy to interpret: a score of zero indicates no feature contribution and higher scores indicate distinct levels of feature importance. At its core, SUSTain relies on: a) a problem partitioning into integer-constrained subproblems, so that they can be optimally solved in an efficient manner; and b) organizing the order of the subproblems' solution, to promote reuse of shared intermediate results. We propose two variants, SUSTain_M and SUSTain_T, to handle both matrix and tensor inputs, respectively. We evaluate SUSTain against several state-of-the-art baselines on both synthetic and real Electronic Health Record (EHR) datasets. Comparing to those baselines, SUSTain shows either significantly better fit or orders of magnitude speedups that achieve a comparable fit (up to 425Ã— faster). We apply SUSTain to EHR datasets to extract patient phenotypes (i.e., clinically meaningful patient clusters). Furthermore, 87% of them were validated as clinically meaningful phenotypes related to heart failure by a cardiologist.	SUSTain: Scalable Unsupervised Scoring for Tensors and its Application to Phenotyping	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jean Pouget-Abadie:Vahab Mirrokni:David C. Parkes:Edoardo M. Airoldi	Cluster-based randomized experiments are popular designs for mitigating the bias of standard estimators when interference is present and classical causal inference and experimental design assumptions (such as SUTVA or ITR) do not hold. Without an exact knowledge of the interference structure, it can be challenging to understand which partitioning of the experimental units is optimal to minimize the estimation bias. In the paper, we introduce a monotonicity condition under which a novel two-stage experimental design allows us to determine which of two cluster-based designs yields the least biased estimator. We then consider the setting of online advertising auctions and show that reserve price experiments satisfy the monotonicity condition and the proposed framework and methodology apply. We validate our findings on an advertising auction dataset.	Optimizing Cluster-based Randomized Experiments under Monotonicity	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Abdulhakim A. Qahtan:Ahmed Elmagarmid:Raul Castro Fernandez:Mourad Ouzzani:Nan Tang	Missing values are common in real-world data and may seriously affect data analytics such as simple statistics and hypothesis testing. Generally speaking, there are two types of missing values: explicitly missing values (i.e. NULL values), and implicitly missing values (a.k.a. disguised missing values (DMVs)) such as "11111111" for a phone number and "Some college" for education. While detecting explicitly missing values is trivial, detecting DMVs is not; the essential challenge is the lack of standardization about how DMVs are generated. In this paper, we present FAHES, a robust system for detecting DMVs from two angles: DMVs as detectable outliers and as detectable inliers. For DMVs as outliers, we propose a syntactic outlier detection module for categorical data, and a density-based outlier detection module for numerical values. For DMVs as inliers, we propose a method that detects DMVs which follow either missing-completely-at-random or missing-at-random models. The robustness of FAHES is achieved through an ensemble technique that is inspired by outlier ensembles. Our extensive experiments using real-world data sets show that FAHES delivers better results than existing solutions.	FAHES: A Robust Disguised Missing Values Detector	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiezhong Qiu:Jian Tang:Hao Ma:Yuxiao Dong:Kuansan Wang:Jie Tang	Social and information networking activities such as on Facebook, Twitter, WeChat, and Weibo have become an indispensable part of our everyday life, where we can easily access friends' behaviors and are in turn influenced by them. Consequently, an effective social influence prediction for each user is critical for a variety of applications such as online recommendation and advertising. Conventional social influence prediction approaches typically design various hand-crafted rules to extract user- and network-specific features. However, their effectiveness heavily relies on the knowledge of domain experts. As a result, it is usually difficult to generalize them into different domains. Inspired by the recent success of deep neural networks in a wide range of computing applications, we design an end-to-end framework, DeepInf, to learn users' latent feature representation for predicting social influence. In general, DeepInf takes a user's local network as the input to a graph neural network for learning her latent social representation. We design strategies to incorporate both network structures and user-specific features into convolutional neural and attention networks. Extensive experiments on Open Academic Graph, Twitter, Weibo, and Digg, representing different types of social and information networks, demonstrate that the proposed end-to-end model, DeepInf, significantly outperforms traditional feature engineering-based approaches, suggesting the effectiveness of representation learning for social applications.	DeepInf: Social Influence Prediction with Deep Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Reihaneh Rabbany:David Bayani:Artur Dubrawski	How can we help an investigator to efficiently connect the dots and uncover the network of individuals involved in a criminal activity based on the evidence of their connections, such as visiting the same address, or transacting with the same bank account? We formulate this problem as Active Search of Connections, which finds target entities that share evidence of different types with a given lead, where their relevance to the case is queried interactively from the investigator. We present RedThread, an efficient solution for inferring related and relevant nodes while incorporating the user's feedback to guide the inference. Our experiments focus on case building for combating human trafficking, where the investigator follows leads to expose organized activities, i.e. different escort advertisements that are connected and possibly orchestrated. RedThread is a local algorithm and enables online case building when mining millions of ads posted in one of the largest classified advertising websites. The results of RedThread are interpretable, as they explain how the results are connected to the initial lead. We experimentally show that RedThread learns the importance of the different types and different pieces of evidence, while the former could be transferred between cases.	Active Search of Connections for Case Building and Combating Human Trafficking	NA:NA:NA	2018
Matteo Riondato:Fabio Vandin	We present MiSoSouP, a suite of algorithms for extracting high-quality approximations of the most interesting subgroups, according to different interestingness measures, from a random sample of a transactional dataset. We describe a new formulation of these measures that makes it possible to approximate them using sampling. We then discuss how pseudodimension, a key concept from statistical learning theory, relates to the sample size needed to obtain an high-quality approximation of the most interesting subgroups. We prove an upper bound on the pseudodimension of the problem at hand, which results in small sample sizes. Our evaluation on real datasets shows that MiSoSouP outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms offering the same guarantees, and it vastly speeds up the discovery of subgroups w.r.t. analyzing the whole dataset.	MiSoSouP: Mining Interesting Subgroups with Sampling and Pseudodimension	NA:NA	2018
Mrinmaya Sachan:Eric P. Xing	This paper introduces Parsing to Programs, a framework that combines ideas from parsing and probabilistic programming for situated question answering. As a case study, we build a system that solves pre-university level Newtonian physics questions. Our approach represents domain knowledge of Newtonian physics as programs. When presented with a novel question, the system learns a formal representation of the question by combining interpretations from the question text and any associated diagram. Finally, the system uses this formal representation to solve the questions using the domain knowledge. We collect a new dataset of Newtonian physics questions from a number of textbooks and use it to train our system. The system achieves near human performance on held-out textbook questions and section 1 of AP Physics C mechanics - both on practice questions as well as on freely available actual exams held in 1998 and 2012.	Parsing to Programs: A Framework for Situated QA	NA:NA	2018
Seyed-Vahid Sanei-Mehri:Ahmet Erdem Sariyuce:Srikanta Tirthapura	We consider the problem of counting motifs in bipartite affiliation networks, such as author-paper, user-product, and actor-movie relations. We focus on counting the number of occurrences of a "butterfly", a complete 2x2 biclique, the simplest cohesive higher-order structure in a bipartite graph. Our main contribution is a suite of randomized algorithms that can quickly approximate the number of butterflies in a graph with a provable guarantee on accuracy. An experimental evaluation on large real-world networks shows that our algorithms return accurate estimates within a few seconds, even for networks with trillions of butterflies and hundreds of millions of edges.	Butterfly Counting in Bipartite Networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Seiya Satoh:Yoshinobu Takahashi:Hiroshi Yamakawa	Equivalence structure (ES) extraction can allow for finding correspondence relations between different sequential datasets. A K -dimensional ES is a set of K -tuples to specify K -dimensional sequences that are considered equivalent. Whether or not two K -dimensional sequences are equivalent is decided based on comparisons of all of their subsequences. ES extraction can be used for preprocessing for transfer learning or imitation learning, as well as an analysis of multidimensional sequences. A recently proposed method called incremental search (IS) was much faster than brute-force search. However, IS can still take a long time to obtain ESs, because ESs obtained by IS can be subsets of other ESs and such subsets must be removed in the process. In this paper, we propose a new fast method called pairwise incremental search (PIS). In the process of PIS, the aforementioned problem about subsets of ESs does not exist, because the elements of ESs are searched pairwise. As shown by results of two experiments we conducted, PIS was 48 times faster than IS in an experiment using synthetic datasets and 171 times faster in an experiment using motion capture datasets.	Accelerated Equivalence Structure Extraction via Pairwise Incremental Search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ying Shan:Jian jiao:Jie Zhu:JC Mao	Rapid advances in GPU hardware and multiple areas of Deep Learning open up a new opportunity for billion-scale information retrieval with exhaustive search. Building on top of the powerful concept of semantic learning, this paper proposes a Recurrent Binary Embedding (RBE) model that learns compact representations for real-time retrieval. The model has the unique ability to refine a base binary vector by progressively adding binary residual vectors to meet the desired accuracy. The refined vector enables efficient implementation of exhaustive similarity computation with bit-wise operations, followed by a near-lossless k-NN selection algorithm, also proposed in this paper. The proposed algorithms are integrated into an end-to-end multi-GPU system that retrieves thousands of top items from over a billion candidates in real-time. The RBE model and the retrieval system were evaluated with data from a major paid search engine. When measured against the state-of-the-art model for binary representation and the full precision model for semantic embedding, RBE significantly outperformed the former, and filled in over 80% of the AUC gap in-between. Experiments comparing with our production retrieval system also demonstrated superior performance. While the primary focus of this paper is to build RBE based on a particular class of semantic models, generalizing to other types is straightforward, as exemplified by two different models at the end of the paper.	Recurrent Binary Embedding for GPU-Enabled Exhaustive Retrieval from Billion-Scale Semantic Vectors	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiaming Shen:Zeqiu Wu:Dongming Lei:Chao Zhang:Xiang Ren:Michelle T. Vanni:Brian M. Sadler:Jiawei Han	Taxonomies are of great value to many knowledge-rich applications. As the manual taxonomy curation costs enormous human effects, automatic taxonomy construction is in great demand. However, most existing automatic taxonomy construction methods can only build hypernymy taxonomies wherein each edge is limited to expressing the is-a relation. Such a restriction limits their applicability to more diverse real-world tasks where the parent-child may carry different relations. In this paper, we aim to construct a task-guided taxonomy from a domain-specific corpus, and allow users to input a seed taxonomy, serving as the task guidance. We propose an expansion-based taxonomy construction framework, namely HiExpan, which automatically generates key term list from the corpus and iteratively grows the seed taxonomy. Specifically, HiExpan views all children under each taxonomy node forming a coherent set and builds the taxonomy by recursively expanding all these sets. Furthermore, HiExpan incorporates a weakly-supervised relation extraction module to extract the initial children of a newly-expanded node and adjusts the taxonomy tree by optimizing its global structure. Our experiments on three real datasets from different domains demonstrate the effectiveness of HiExpan for building task-guided taxonomies.	HiExpan: Task-Guided Taxonomy Construction by Hierarchical Tree Expansion	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yu Shi:Qi Zhu:Fang Guo:Chao Zhang:Jiawei Han	Heterogeneous information networks (HINs) are ubiquitous in real-world applications. In the meantime, network embedding has emerged as a convenient tool to mine and learn from networked data. As a result, it is of interest to develop HIN embedding methods. However, the heterogeneity in HINs introduces not only rich information but also potentially incompatible semantics, which poses special challenges to embedding learning in HINs. With the intention to preserve the rich yet potentially incompatible information in HIN embedding, we propose to study the problem of comprehensive transcription of heterogeneous information networks. The comprehensive transcription of HINs also provides an easy-to-use approach to unleash the power of HINs, since it requires no additional supervision, expertise, or feature engineering. To cope with the challenges in the comprehensive transcription of HINs, we propose the HEER algorithm, which embeds HINs via edge representations that are further coupled with properly-learned heterogeneous metrics. To corroborate the efficacy of HEER, we conducted experiments on two large-scale real-words datasets with an edge reconstruction task and multiple case studies. Experiment results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed HEER model and the utility of edge representations and heterogeneous metrics. The code and data are available at https://github.com/GentleZhu/HEER.	Easing Embedding Learning by Comprehensive Transcription of Heterogeneous Information Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Md Amran Siddiqui:Alan Fern:Thomas G. Dietterich:Ryan Wright:Alec Theriault:David W. Archer	Anomaly detectors are often used to produce a ranked list of statistical anomalies, which are examined by human analysts in order to extract the actual anomalies of interest. This can be exceedingly difficult and time consuming when most high-ranking anomalies are false positives and not interesting from an application perspective. In this paper, we study how to reduce the analyst's effort by incorporating their feedback about whether the anomalies they investigate are of interest or not. In particular, the feedback will be used to adjust the anomaly ranking after every analyst interaction, ideally moving anomalies of interest closer to the top. Our main contribution is to formulate this problem within the framework of online convex optimization, which yields an efficient and extremely simple approach to incorporating feedback compared to the prior state-of-the-art. We instantiate this approach for the powerful class of tree-based anomaly detectors and conduct experiments on a range of benchmark datasets. The results demonstrate the utility of incorporating feedback and advantages of our approach over the state-of-the-art. In addition, we present results on a significant cybersecurity application where the goal is to detect red-team attacks in real system audit data. We show that our approach for incorporating feedback is able to significantly reduce the time required to identify malicious system entities across multiple attacks on multiple operating systems.	Feedback-Guided Anomaly Discovery via Online Optimization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alban Siffer:Pierre-Alain Fouque:Alexandre Termier:Christine LargouÃ«t	Understanding data distributions is one of the most fundamental research topic in data analysis. The literature provides a great deal of powerful statistical learning algorithms to gain knowledge on the underlying distribution given multivariate observations. We are likely to find out a dependence between features, the appearance of clusters or the presence of outliers. Before such deep investigations, we propose the folding test of unimodality. As a simple statistical description, it allows to detect whether data are gathered or not (unimodal or multimodal). To the best of our knowledge, this is the first multivariate and purely statistical unimodality test. It makes no distribution assumption and relies only on a straightforward p-value. Through real world data experiments, we show its relevance and how it could be useful for clustering.	Are your data gathered?	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ashudeep Singh:Thorsten Joachims	Rankings are ubiquitous in the online world today. As we have transitioned from finding books in libraries to ranking products, jobs, job applicants, opinions and potential romantic partners, there is a substantial precedent that ranking systems have a responsibility not only to their users but also to the items being ranked. To address these often conflicting responsibilities, we propose a conceptual and computational framework that allows the formulation of fairness constraints on rankings in terms of exposure allocation. As part of this framework, we develop efficient algorithms for finding rankings that maximize the utility for the user while provably satisfying a specifiable notion of fairness. Since fairness goals can be application specific, we show how a broad range of fairness constraints can be implemented using our framework, including forms of demographic parity, disparate treatment, and disparate impact constraints. We illustrate the effect of these constraints by providing empirical results on two ranking problems.	Fairness of Exposure in Rankings	NA:NA	2018
Dongjin Song:Ning Xia:Wei Cheng:Haifeng Chen:Dacheng Tao	Multivariate time series data are becoming increasingly common in numerous real world applications, e.g., power plant monitoring, health care, wearable devices, automobile, etc. As a result, multivariate time series retrieval, i.e., given the current multivariate time series segment, how to obtain its relevant time series segments in the historical data (or in the database), attracts significant amount of interest in many fields. Building such a system, however, is challenging since it requires a compact representation of the raw time series which can explicitly encode the temporal dynamics as well as the correlations (interactions) between different pairs of time series (sensors). Furthermore, it requires query efficiency and expects a returned ranking list with high precision on the top. Despite the fact that various approaches have been developed, few of them can jointly resolve these two challenges. To cope with this issue, in this paper we propose a Deep r-th root of Rank Supervised Joint Binary Embedding (Deep r-RSJBE) to perform multivariate time series retrieval. Given a raw multivariate time series segment, we employ Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) units to encode the temporal dynamics and utilize Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to encode the correlations (interactions) between different pairs of time series (sensors). Subsequently, a joint binary embedding is pursued to incorporate both the temporal dynamics and the correlations. Finally, we develop a novel r-th root ranking loss to optimize the precision at the top of a Hamming distance ranking list. Thoroughly empirical studies based upon three publicly available time series datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and the efficiency of Deep r-RSJBE.	Deep r -th Root of Rank Supervised Joint Binary Embedding for Multivariate Time Series Retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Till Speicher:Hoda Heidari:Nina Grgic-Hlaca:Krishna P. Gummadi:Adish Singla:Adrian Weller:Muhammad Bilal Zafar	Discrimination via algorithmic decision making has received considerable attention. Prior work largely focuses on defining conditions for fairness, but does not define satisfactory measures of algorithmic unfairness. In this paper, we focus on the following question: Given two unfair algorithms, how should we determine which of the two is more unfair? Our core idea is to use existing inequality indices from economics to measure how unequally the outcomes of an algorithm benefit different individuals or groups in a population. Our work offers a justified and general framework to compare and contrast the (un)fairness of algorithmic predictors. This unifying approach enables us to quantify unfairness both at the individual and the group level. Further, our work reveals overlooked tradeoffs between different fairness notions: using our proposed measures, the overall individual-level unfairness of an algorithm can be decomposed into a between-group and a within-group component. Earlier methods are typically designed to tackle only between-group un- fairness, which may be justified for legal or other reasons. However, we demonstrate that minimizing exclusively the between-group component may, in fact, increase the within-group, and hence the overall unfairness. We characterize and illustrate the tradeoffs between our measures of (un)fairness and the prediction accuracy.	A Unified Approach to Quantifying Algorithmic Unfairness: Measuring Individual &Group Unfairness via Inequality Indices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lichao Sun:Weiran Huang:Philip S. Yu:Wei Chen	In this paper, we study the Multi-Round Influence Maximization (MRIM) problem, where influence propagates in multiple rounds independently from possibly different seed sets, and the goal is to select seeds for each round to maximize the expected number of nodes that are activated in at least one round. MRIM problem models the viral marketing scenarios in which advertisers conduct multiple rounds of viral marketing to promote one product. We consider two different settings: 1) the non-adaptive MRIM, where the advertiser needs to determine the seed sets for all rounds at the very beginning, and 2) the adaptive MRIM, where the advertiser can select seed sets adaptively based on the propagation results in the previous rounds. For the non-adaptive setting, we design two algorithms that exhibit an interesting tradeoff between efficiency and effectiveness: a cross-round greedy algorithm that selects seeds at a global level and achieves $1/2 - \varepsilon$ approximation ratio, and a within-round greedy algorithm that selects seeds round by round and achieves $1-e^-(1-1/e) -\varepsilon \approx 0.46 - \varepsilon$ approximation ratio but saves running time by a factor related to the number of rounds. For the adaptive setting, we design an adaptive algorithm that guarantees $1-e^-(1-1/e) -\varepsilon$ approximation to the adaptive optimal solution. In all cases, we further design scalable algorithms based on the reverse influence sampling approach and achieve near-linear running time. We conduct experiments on several real-world networks and demonstrate that our algorithms are effective for the MRIM task.	Multi-Round Influence Maximization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mengying Sun:Inci M. Baytas:Liang Zhan:Zhangyang Wang:Jiayu Zhou	Over the past decade a wide spectrum of machine learning models have been developed to model the neurodegenerative diseases, associating biomarkers, especially non-intrusive neuroimaging markers, with key clinical scores measuring the cognitive status of patients. Multi-task learning (MTL) has been commonly utilized by these studies to address high dimensionality and small cohort size challenges. However, most existing MTL approaches are based on linear models and suffer from two major limitations: 1) they cannot explicitly consider upper/lower bounds in these clinical scores; 2) they lack the capability to capture complicated non-linear interactions among the variables. In this paper, we propose Subspace Network, an efficient deep modeling approach for non-linear multi-task censored regression. Each layer of the subspace network performs a multi-task censored regression to improve upon the predictions from the last layer via sketching a low-dimensional subspace to perform knowledge transfer among learning tasks. Under mild assumptions, for each layer the parametric subspace can be recovered using only one pass of training data. Empirical results demonstrate that the proposed subspace network quickly picks up the correct parameter subspaces, and outperforms state-of-the-arts in predicting neurodegenerative clinical scores using information in brain imaging.	Subspace Network: Deep Multi-Task Censored Regression for Modeling Neurodegenerative Diseases	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ying Sun:Hengshu Zhu:Fuzhen Zhuang:Jingjing Gu:Qing He	Urban Region-of-Interest (ROI) refers to the integrated urban areas with specific functionalities that attract people's attentions and activities, such as the recreational business districts, transportation hubs, and city landmarks. Indeed, at the macro level, ROI is one of the representatives for agglomeration economies, and plays an important role in urban business planning. At the micro level, ROI provides a useful venue for understanding the urban lives, demands and mobilities of people. However, due to the vague and diversified nature of ROI, it still lacks of quantitative ways to investigate ROIs in a holistic manner. To this end, in this paper we propose a systematic study on ROI analysis through mining the large-scale online map query logs, which provides a new data-driven research paradigm for ROI detection and profiling. Specifically, we first divide the urban area into small region grids, and calculate their PageRank value as visiting popularity based on the transition information extracted from map queries. Then, we propose a density-based clustering method for merging neighboring region grids with high popularity into integrated ROIs. After that, to further explore the profiles of different ROIs, we develop a spatial-temporal latent factor model URPTM (Urban Roi Profiling Topic Model) to identify the latent travel patterns and Point-of-Interest (POI) demands of ROI visitors. Finally, we implement extensive experiments to empirically evaluate our approaches based on the large-scale real-world data collected from Beijing. Indeed, by visualizing the results obtained from URPTM, we can successfully obtain many meaningful travel patterns and interesting discoveries on urban lives.	Exploring the Urban Region-of-Interest through the Analysis of Online Map Search Queries	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Charles Sutton:Timothy Hobson:James Geddes:Rich Caruana	Many analyses in data science are not one-off projects, but are repeated over multiple data samples, such as once per month, once per quarter, and so on. For example, if a data scientist performs an analysis in 2017 that saves a significant amount of money, then she will likely to be asked to perform the same analysis on data from 2018. But more data analyses means more effort spent in data wrangling. We introduce the data diff problem, which attempts to turn this problem into an opportunity. Comparing the repeated data samples against each other, inconsistencies may be indicative of underlying issues in data quality. By analogy to text \textttdiff, the data diff problem is to find a "patch", that is, transformation in a specified domain-specific language, that transforms the data samples so that they are identically distributed. We present a prototype tool for data diff that formalizes the problem as a bipartite matching problem, calibrating its parameters using a bootstrap procedure. The tool is evaluated quantitatively and through a case study on an open government data set.	Data Diff: Interpretable, Executable Summaries of Changes in Distributions for Data Wrangling	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiaxi Tang:Ke Wang	We propose a novel way to train ranking models, such as recommender systems, that are both effective and efficient. Knowledge distillation (KD) was shown to be successful in image recognition to achieve both effectiveness and efficiency. We propose a KD technique for learning to rank problems, called ranking distillation (RD). Specifically, we train a smaller student model to learn to rank documents/items from both the training data and the supervision of a larger teacher model. The student model achieves a similar ranking performance to that of the large teacher model, but its smaller model size makes the online inference more efficient. RD is flexible because it is orthogonal to the choices of ranking models for the teacher and student. We address the challenges of RD for ranking problems. The experiments on public data sets and state-of-the-art recommendation models showed that RD achieves its design purposes: the student model learnt with RD has less than an half size of the teacher model while achieving a ranking performance similar tothe teacher model and much better than the student model learnt without RD.	Ranking Distillation: Learning Compact Ranking Models With High Performance for Recommender System	NA:NA	2018
Yi Tay:Luu Anh Tuan:Siu Cheung Hui	Attention is typically used to select informative sub-phrases that are used for prediction. This paper investigates the novel use of attention as a form of feature augmentation, i.e, casted attention. We propose Multi-Cast Attention Networks (MCAN), a new attention mechanism and general model architecture for a potpourri of ranking tasks in the conversational modeling and question answering domains. Our approach performs a series of soft attention operations, each time casting a scalar feature upon the inner word embeddings. The key idea is to provide a real-valued hint (feature) to a subsequent encoder layer and is targeted at improving the representation learning process. There are several advantages to this design, e.g., it allows an arbitrary number of attention mechanisms to be casted, allowing for multiple attention types (e.g., co-attention, intra-attention) and attention variants (e.g., alignment-pooling, max-pooling, mean-pooling) to be executed simultaneously. This not only eliminates the costly need to tune the nature of the co-attention layer, but also provides greater extents of explainability to practitioners. Via extensive experiments on four well-known benchmark datasets, we show that MCAN achieves state-of-the-art performance. On the Ubuntu Dialogue Corpus, MCAN outperforms existing state-of-the-art models by 9%. MCAN also achieves the best performing score to date on the well-studied TrecQA dataset.	Multi-Cast Attention Networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi Tay:Anh Tuan Luu:Siu Cheung Hui	Many recent state-of-the-art recommender systems such as D-ATT, TransNet and DeepCoNN exploit reviews for representation learning. This paper proposes a new neural architecture for recommendation with reviews. Our model operates on a multi-hierarchical paradigm and is based on the intuition that not all reviews are created equal, i.e., only a selected few are important. The importance, however, should be dynamically inferred depending on the current target. To this end, we propose a review-by-review pointer-based learning scheme that extracts important reviews from user and item reviews and subsequently matches them in a word-by-word fashion. This enables not only the most informative reviews to be utilized for prediction but also a deeper word-level interaction. Our pointer-based method operates with a gumbel-softmax based pointer mechanism that enables the incorporation of discrete vectors within differentiable neural architectures. Our pointer mechanism is co-attentive in nature, learning pointers which are co-dependent on user-item relationships. Finally, we propose a multi-pointer learning scheme that learns to combine multiple views of user-item interactions. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed model via extensive experiments on 24 benchmark datasets from Amazon and Yelp. Empirical results show that our approach significantly outperforms existing state-of-the-art models, with up to 19% and 71% relative improvement when compared to TransNet and DeepCoNN respectively. We study the behavior of our multi-pointer learning mechanism, shedding light on 'evidence aggregation' patterns in review-based recommender systems.	Multi-Pointer Co-Attention Networks for Recommendation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel Ting	The Count-Min sketch is an important and well-studied data summarization method. It can estimate the count of any item in a stream using a small, fixed size data sketch. However, the accuracy of the Count-Min sketch depends on characteristics of the underlying data. This has led to a number of count estimation procedures which work well in one scenario but perform poorly in others. A practitioner is faced with two basic, unanswered questions. Given an estimate, what is its error? Which estimation procedure should be chosen when the data is unknown? We provide answers to these questions. We derive new count estimators, including a provably optimal estimator, which best or match previous estimators in all scenarios. We also provide practical, tight error bounds at query time for all estimators and methods to tune sketch parameters using these bounds. The key observation is that the full distribution of errors in each counter can be empirically estimated from the sketch itself. By first estimating this distribution, count estimation becomes a statistical estimation and inference problem with a known error distribution. This provides both a principled way to derive new and optimal estimators as well as a way to study the error and properties of existing estimators.	Count-Min: Optimal Estimation and Tight Error Bounds using Empirical Error Distributions	NA	2018
Kai Ming Ting:Yue Zhu:Zhi-Hua Zhou	This paper investigates data dependent kernels that are derived directly from data. This has been an outstanding issue for about two decades which hampered the development of kernel-based methods. We introduce Isolation Kernel which is solely dependent on data distribution, requiring neither class information nor explicit learning to be a classifier. In contrast, existing data dependent kernels rely heavily on class information and explicit learning to produce a classifier. We show that Isolation Kernel approximates well to a data independent kernel function called Laplacian kernel under uniform density distribution. With this revelation, Isolation Kernel can be viewed as a data dependent kernel that adapts a data independent kernel to the structure of a dataset. We also provide a reason why the proposed new data dependent kernel enables SVM (which employs a kernel through other means) to improve its predictive accuracy. The key differences between Random Forest kernel and Isolation Kernel are discussed to examine the reasons why the latter is a more successful tree-based kernel.	Isolation Kernel and Its Effect on SVM	NA:NA:NA	2018
Federico Tomasi:Veronica Tozzo:Saverio Salzo:Alessandro Verri	In many applications of finance, biology and sociology, complex systems involve entities interacting with each other. These processes have the peculiarity of evolving over time and of comprising latent factors, which influence the system without being explicitly measured. In this work we present latent variable time-varying graphical lasso (LTGL), a method for multivariate time-series graphical modelling that considers the influence of hidden or unmeasurable factors. The estimation of the contribution of the latent factors is embedded in the model which produces both sparse and low-rank components for each time point. In particular, the first component represents the connectivity structure of observable variables of the system, while the second represents the influence of hidden factors, assumed to be few with respect to the observed variables. Our model includes temporal consistency on both components, providing an accurate evolutionary pattern of the system. We derive a tractable optimisation algorithm based on alternating direction method of multipliers, and develop a scalable and efficient implementation which exploits proximity operators in closed form. LTGL is extensively validated on synthetic data, achieving optimal performance in terms of accuracy, structure learning and scalability with respect to ground truth and state-of-the-art methods for graphical inference. We conclude with the application of LTGL to real case studies, from biology and finance, to illustrate how our method can be successfully employed to gain insights on multivariate time-series data.	Latent Variable Time-varying Network Inference	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anton Tsitsulin:Davide Mottin:Panagiotis Karras:Alexander Bronstein:Emmanuel MÃ¼ller	Comparison among graphs is ubiquitous in graph analytics. However, it is a hard task in terms of the expressiveness of the employed similarity measure and the efficiency of its computation. Ideally, graph comparison should be invariant to the order of nodes and the sizes of compared graphs, adaptive to the scale of graph patterns, and scalable. Unfortunately, these properties have not been addressed together. Graph comparisons still rely on direct approaches, graph kernels, or representation-based methods, which are all inefficient and impractical for large graph collections. In this paper, we propose the Network Laplacian Spectral Descriptor (NetLSD): the first, to our knowledge, permutation- and size-invariant, scale-adaptive, and efficiently computable graph representation method that allows for straightforward comparisons of large graphs. NetLSD extracts a compact signature that inherits the formal properties of the Laplacian spectrum, specifically its heat or wave kernel; thus, it \em hears the shape of a graph. Our evaluation on a variety of real-world graphs demonstrates that it outperforms previous works in both expressiveness and efficiency.	NetLSD: Hearing the Shape of a Graph	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ke Tu:Peng Cui:Xiao Wang:Philip S. Yu:Wenwu Zhu	Network embedding aims to preserve vertex similarity in an embedding space. Existing approaches usually define the similarity by direct links or common neighborhoods between nodes, i.e. structural equivalence. However, vertexes which reside in different parts of the network may have similar roles or positions, i.e. regular equivalence, which is largely ignored by the literature of network embedding. Regular equivalence is defined in a recursive way that two regularly equivalent vertexes have network neighbors which are also regularly equivalent. Accordingly, we propose a new approach named Deep Recursive Network Embedding (DRNE) to learn network embeddings with regular equivalence. More specifically, we propose a layer normalized LSTM to represent each node by aggregating the representations of their neighborhoods in a recursive way. We theoretically prove that some popular and typical centrality measures which are consistent with regular equivalence are optimal solutions of our model. This is also demonstrated by empirical results that the learned node representations can well predict the indexes of regular equivalence and related centrality scores. Furthermore, the learned node representations can be directly used for end applications like structural role classification in networks, and the experimental results show that our method can consistently outperform centrality-based methods and other state-of-the-art network embedding methods.	Deep Recursive Network Embedding with Regular Equivalence	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jan N. van Rijn:Frank Hutter	With the advent of automated machine learning, automated hyperparameter optimization methods are by now routinely used in data mining. However, this progress is not yet matched by equal progress on automatic analyses that yield information beyond performance-optimizing hyperparameter settings. In this work, we aim to answer the following two questions: Given an algorithm, what are generally its most important hyperparameters, and what are typically good values for these? We present methodology and a framework to answer these questions based on meta-learning across many datasets. We apply this methodology using the experimental meta-data available on OpenML to determine the most important hyperparameters of support vector machines, random forests and Adaboost, and to infer priors for all their hyperparameters. The results, obtained fully automatically, provide a quantitative basis to focus efforts in both manual algorithm design and in automated hyperparameter optimization. The conducted experiments confirm that the hyperparameters selected by the proposed method are indeed the most important ones and that the obtained priors also lead to statistically significant improvements in hyperparameter optimization.	Hyperparameter Importance Across Datasets	NA:NA	2018
Thomas Vandal:Evan Kodra:Jennifer Dy:Sangram Ganguly:Ramakrishna Nemani:Auroop R. Ganguly	Deep Learning (DL) methods have been transforming computer vision with innovative adaptations to other domains including climate change. For DL to pervade Science and Engineering (S&EE) applications where risk management is a core component, well-characterized uncertainty estimates must accompany predictions. However, S&E observations and model-simulations often follow heavily skewed distributions and are not well modeled with DL approaches, since they usually optimize a Gaussian, or Euclidean, likelihood loss. Recent developments in Bayesian Deep Learning (BDL), which attempts to capture uncertainties from noisy observations, aleatoric, and from unknown model parameters, epistemic, provide us a foundation. Here we present a discrete-continuous BDL model with Gaussian and lognormal likelihoods for uncertainty quantification (UQ). We demonstrate the approach by developing UQ estimates on "DeepSD'', a super-resolution based DL model for Statistical Downscaling (SD) in climate applied to precipitation, which follows an extremely skewed distribution. We find that the discrete-continuous models outperform a basic Gaussian distribution in terms of predictive accuracy and uncertainty calibration. Furthermore, we find that the lognormal distribution, which can handle skewed distributions, produces quality uncertainty estimates at the extremes. Such results may be important across S&E, as well as other domains such as finance and economics, where extremes are often of significant interest. Furthermore, to our knowledge, this is the first UQ model in SD where both aleatoric and epistemic uncertainties are characterized.	Quantifying Uncertainty in Discrete-Continuous and Skewed Data with Bayesian Deep Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chi Wang:Kaushik Chakrabarti	We study how to efficiently solve a primitive data exploration problem: Given two ad-hoc predicates which define two subsets of a relational table, find the top-K attributes whose distributions in the two subsets deviate most from each other. The deviation is measured by $\ell1$ or $\ell2$ distance. The exact approach is to query the full table to calculate the deviation for each attribute and then sort them. It is too expensive for large tables. Researchers have proposed heuristic sampling solutions to avoid accessing the entire table for all attributes. However, these solutions have no theoretical guarantee of correctness and their speedup over the exact approach is limited. In this paper, we develop an adaptive querying solution with probabilistic guarantee of correctness and near-optimal sample complexity. We perform experiments in both synthetic and real-world datasets. Compared to the exact approach implemented with a commercial DBMS, previous sampling solutions achieve up to 2Ã— speedup with erroneous answers. Our solution can produce 25Ã— speedup with near-zero error in the answer.	Efficient Attribute Recommendation with Probabilistic Guarantee	NA:NA	2018
Daheng Wang:Meng Jiang:Qingkai Zeng:Zachary Eberhart:Nitesh V. Chawla	Contextual behavior modeling uses data from multiple contexts to discover patterns for predictive analysis. However, existing behavior prediction models often face difficulties when scaling for massive datasets. In this work, we formulate a behavior as a set of context items of different types (such as decision makers, operators, goals and resources), consider an observable itemset as a behavior success, and propose a novel scalable method, "multi-type itemset embedding", to learn the context items' representations preserving the success structures. Unlike most of existing embedding methods that learn pair-wise proximity from connection between a behavior and one of its items, our method learns item embeddings collectively from interaction among all multi-type items of a behavior, based on which we develop a novel framework, LearnSuc, for (1) predicting the success rate of any set of items and (2) finding complementary items which maximize the probability of success when incorporated into an itemset. Extensive experiments demonstrate both effectiveness and efficency of the proposed framework.	Multi-Type Itemset Embedding for Learning Behavior Success	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ji Wang:Jianguo Zhang:Weidong Bao:Xiaomin Zhu:Bokai Cao:Philip S. Yu	The increasing demand for on-device deep learning services calls for a highly efficient manner to deploy deep neural networks (DNNs) on mobile devices with limited capacity. The cloud-based solution is a promising approach to enabling deep learning applications on mobile devices where the large portions of a DNN are offloaded to the cloud. However, revealing data to the cloud leads to potential privacy risk. To benefit from the cloud data center without the privacy risk, we design, evaluate, and implement a cloud-based framework ARDEN which partitions the DNN across mobile devices and cloud data centers. A simple data transformation is performed on the mobile device, while the resource-hungry training and the complex inference rely on the cloud data center. To protect the sensitive information, a lightweight privacy-preserving mechanism consisting of arbitrary data nullification and random noise addition is introduced, which provides strong privacy guarantee. A rigorous privacy budget analysis is given. Nonetheless, the private perturbation to the original data inevitably has a negative impact on the performance of further inference on the cloud side. To mitigate this influence, we propose a noisy training method to enhance the cloud-side network robustness to perturbed data. Through the sophisticated design, ARDEN can not only preserve privacy but also improve the inference performance. To validate the proposed ARDEN, a series of experiments based on three image datasets and a real mobile application are conducted. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of ARDEN. Finally, we implement ARDEN on a demo system to verify its practicality.	Not Just Privacy: Improving Performance of Private Deep Learning in Mobile Cloud	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiaxuan Wang:Jeeheh Oh:Haozhu Wang:Jenna Wiens	In many settings, it is important that a model be capable of providing reasons for its predictions (Ä±e, the model must be interpretable). However, the model's reasoning may not conform with well-established knowledge. In such cases, while interpretable, the model lacks credibility. In this work, we formally define credibility in the linear setting and focus on techniques for learning models that are both accurate and credible. In particular, we propose a regularization penalty, expert yielded estimates (EYE), that incorporates expert knowledge about well-known relationships among covariates and the outcome of interest. We give both theoretical and empirical results comparing our proposed method to several other regularization techniques. Across a range of settings, experiments on both synthetic and real data show that models learned using the EYE penalty are significantly more credible than those learned using other penalties. Applied to two large-scale patient risk stratification task, our proposed technique results in a model whose top features overlap significantly with known clinical risk factors, while still achieving good predictive performance.	Learning Credible Models	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jing Wang:Min-Ling Zhang	Partial label (PL) learning aims to induce a multi-class classifier from training examples where each of them is associated with a set of candidate labels, among which only one is valid. It is well-known that the problem of class-imbalance stands as a major factor affecting the generalization performance of multi-class classifier, and this problem becomes more pronounced as the ground-truth label of each PL training example is not directly accessible to the learning approach. To mitigate the negative influence of class-imbalance to partial label learning, a novel class-imbalance aware approach named CIMAP is proposed by adapting over-sampling techniques for handling PL training examples. Firstly, for each PL training example, CIMAP disambiguates its candidate label set by estimating the confidence of each class label being ground-truth one via weighted k-nearest neighbor aggregation. After that, the original PL training set is replenished for model induction by over-sampling existing PL training examples via manipulation of the disambiguation results. Extensive experiments on artificial as well as real-world PL data sets show that CIMAP serves as an effective data-level approach to mitigate the class-imbalance problem for partial label learning.	Towards Mitigating the Class-Imbalance Problem for Partial Label Learning	NA:NA	2018
Jingyuan Wang:Ze Wang:Jianfeng Li:Junjie Wu	Recent years have witnessed the unprecedented rising of time series from almost all kindes of academic and industrial fields. Various types of deep neural network models have been introduced to time series analysis, but the important frequency information is yet lack of effective modeling. In light of this, in this paper we propose a wavelet-based neural network structure called multilevel Wavelet Decomposition Network (mWDN) for building frequency-aware deep learning models for time series analysis. mWDN preserves the advantage of multilevel discrete wavelet decomposition in frequency learning while enables the fine-tuning of all parameters under a deep neural network framework. Based on mWDN, we further propose two deep learning models called Residual Classification Flow (RCF) and multi-frequecy Long Short-Term Memory (mLSTM) for time series classification and forecasting, respectively. The two models take all or partial mWDN decomposed sub-series in different frequencies as input, and resort to the back propagation algorithm to learn all the parameters globally, which enables seamless embedding of wavelet-based frequency analysis into deep learning frameworks. Extensive experiments on 40 UCR datasets and a real-world user volume dataset demonstrate the excellent performance of our time series models based on mWDN. In particular, we propose an importance analysis method to mWDN based models, which successfully identifies those time-series elements and mWDN layers that are crucially important to time series analysis. This indeed indicates the interpretability advantage of mWDN, and can be viewed as an indepth exploration to interpretable deep learning.	Multilevel Wavelet Decomposition Network for Interpretable Time Series Analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lu Wang:Wei Zhang:Xiaofeng He:Hongyuan Zha	Dynamic treatment recommendation systems based on large-scale electronic health records (EHRs) become a key to successfully improve practical clinical outcomes. Prior relevant studies recommend treatments either use supervised learning (e.g. matching the indicator signal which denotes doctor prescriptions), or reinforcement learning (e.g. maximizing evaluation signal which indicates cumulative reward from survival rates). However, none of these studies have considered to combine the benefits of supervised learning and reinforcement learning. In this paper, we propose Supervised Reinforcement Learning with Recurrent Neural Network (SRL-RNN), which fuses them into a synergistic learning framework. Specifically, SRL-RNN applies an off-policy actor-critic framework to handle complex relations among multiple medications, diseases and individual characteristics. The "actor'' in the framework is adjusted by both the indicator signal and evaluation signal to ensure effective prescription and low mortality. RNN is further utilized to solve the Partially-Observed Markov Decision Process (POMDP) problem due to lack of fully observed states in real world applications. Experiments on the publicly real-world dataset, i.e., MIMIC-3, illustrate that our model can reduce the estimated mortality, while providing promising accuracy in matching doctors' prescriptions.	Supervised Reinforcement Learning with Recurrent Neural Network for Dynamic Treatment Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pengyang Wang:Yanjie Fu:Jiawei Zhang:Pengfei Wang:Yu Zheng:Charu Aggarwal	Driving is a complex activity that requires multi-level skilled operations (e.g., acceleration, braking, turning). Analyzing driving behavior can help us assess driver performances, improve traffic safety, and, ultimately, promote the development of intelligent and resilient transportation systems. While some efforts have been made for analyzing driving behavior, existing methods can be improved via representation learning by jointly exploring the peer and temporal dependencies of driving behavior. To that end, in this paper, we develop a Peer and Temporal-Aware Representation Learning based framework (PTARL) for driving behavior analysis with GPS trajectory data. Specifically, we first detect the driving operations and states of each driver from GPS traces. Then, we derive a sequence of multi-view driving state transition graphs from the driving state sequences, in order to characterize a driver's driving behavior that varies over time. In addition, we develop a peer and temporal-aware representation learning method to learn a sequence of time-varying yet relational vectorized representations from the driving state transition graphs. The proposed method can simultaneously model both the graph-graph peer dependency and the current-past temporal dependency in a unified optimization framework. Also, we provide effective solutions for the optimization problem. Moreover, we exploit the learned representations of driving behavior to score driving performances and detect dangerous regions. Finally, extensive experimental results with big trajectory data demonstrate the enhanced performance of the proposed method for driving behavior analysis.	You Are How You Drive: Peer and Temporal-Aware Representation Learning for Driving Behavior Analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qinyong Wang:Hongzhi Yin:Zhiting Hu:Defu Lian:Hao Wang:Zi Huang	With the increasing popularity of various social media and E-commerce platforms, large volumes of user behaviour data (e.g., user transaction data, rating and review data) are being continually generated at unprecedented and ever-increasing scales. It is more realistic and practical to study recommender systems with inputs of streaming data. User-generated streaming data presents unique properties such as temporally ordered, continuous and high-velocity, which poses tremendous new challenges for the once very successful recommendation techniques. Although a few temporal or sequential recommender models have recently been developed based on recurrent neural models, most of them can only be applied to the session-based recommendation scenario, due to their short-term memories and the limited capability of capturing users' long-term stable interests. In this paper, we propose a streaming recommender model based on neural memory networks with external memories to capture and store both long-term stable interests and short-term dynamic interests in a unified way. An adaptive negative sampling framework based on Generative Adversarial Nets (GAN) is developed to optimize our proposed streaming recommender model, which effectively overcomes the limitations of classical negative sampling approaches and improves both effectiveness and efficiency of the model parameter inference. Extensive experiments have been conducted on two large-scale recommendation datasets, and the experimental results show the superiority of our proposed streaming recommender model in the streaming recommendation scenario.	Neural Memory Streaming Recommender Networks with Adversarial Training	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yunhe Wang:Chang Xu:Jiayan Qiu:Chao Xu:Dacheng Tao	Compressing convolutional neural networks (CNNs) is essential for transferring the success of CNNs to a wide variety of applications to mobile devices. In contrast to directly recognizing subtle weights or filters as redundant in a given CNN, this paper presents an evolutionary method to automatically eliminate redundant convolution filters. We represent each compressed network as a binary individual of specific fitness. Then, the population is upgraded at each evolutionary iteration using genetic operations. As a result, an extremely compact CNN is generated using the fittest individual, which has the original network structure and can be directly deployed in any off-the-shelf deep learning libraries. In this approach, either large or small convolution filters can be redundant, and filters in the compressed network are more distinct. In addition, since the number of filters in each convolutional layer is reduced, the number of filter channels and the size of feature maps are also decreased, naturally improving both the compression and speed-up ratios. Experiments on benchmark deep CNN models suggest the superiority of the proposed algorithm over the state-of-the-art compression methods, e.g. combined with the parameter refining approach, we can reduce the storage requirement and the floating-point multiplications of ResNet-50 by a factor of 14.64x and 5.19x, respectively, without affecting its accuracy.	Towards Evolutionary Compression	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhengyang Wang:Shuiwang Ji	Dilated convolutions, also known as atrous convolutions, have been widely explored in deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) for various tasks like semantic image segmentation, object detection, audio generation, video modeling, and machine translation. However, dilated convolutions suffer from the gridding artifacts, which hampers the performance of DCNNs with dilated convolutions. In this work, we propose two simple yet effective degridding methods by studying a decomposition of dilated convolutions. Unlike existing models, which explore solutions by focusing on a block of cascaded dilated convolutional layers, our methods address the gridding artifacts by smoothing the dilated convolution itself. By analyzing them in both the original operation and the decomposition views, we further point out that the two degridding approaches are intrinsically related and define separable and shared (SS) operations, which generalize the proposed methods. We evaluate our methods thoroughly on two datasets and visualize the smoothing effect through effective receptive field analysis. Experimental results show that our methods yield significant and consistent improvements on the performance of DCNNs with dilated convolutions, while adding negligible amounts of extra training parameters.	Smoothed Dilated Convolutions for Improved Dense Prediction	NA:NA	2018
Hua Wei:Guanjie Zheng:Huaxiu Yao:Zhenhui Li	The intelligent traffic light control is critical for an efficient transportation system. While existing traffic lights are mostly operated by hand-crafted rules, an intelligent traffic light control system should be dynamically adjusted to real-time traffic. There is an emerging trend of using deep reinforcement learning technique for traffic light control and recent studies have shown promising results. However, existing studies have not yet tested the methods on the real-world traffic data and they only focus on studying the rewards without interpreting the policies. In this paper, we propose a more effective deep reinforcement learning model for traffic light control. We test our method on a large-scale real traffic dataset obtained from surveillance cameras. We also show some interesting case studies of policies learned from the real data.	IntelliLight: A Reinforcement Learning Approach for Intelligent Traffic Light Control	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lingfei Wu:Pin-Yu Chen:Ian En-Hsu Yen:Fangli Xu:Yinglong Xia:Charu Aggarwal	Spectral clustering is one of the most effective clustering approaches that capture hidden cluster structures in the data. However, it does not scale well to large-scale problems due to its quadratic complexity in constructing similarity graphs and computing subsequent eigendecomposition. Although a number of methods have been proposed to accelerate spectral clustering, most of them compromise considerable information loss in the original data for reducing computational bottlenecks. In this paper, we present a novel scalable spectral clustering method using Random Binning features (RB) to simultaneously accelerate both similarity graph construction and the eigendecomposition. Specifically, we implicitly approximate the graph similarity (kernel) matrix by the inner product of a large sparse feature matrix generated by RB. Then we introduce a state-of-the-art SVD solver to effectively compute eigenvectors of this large matrix for spectral clustering. Using these two building blocks, we reduce the computational cost from quadratic to linear in the number of data points while achieving similar accuracy. Our theoretical analysis shows that spectral clustering via RB converges faster to the exact spectral clustering than the standard Random Feature approximation. Extensive experiments on 8 benchmarks show that the proposed method either outperforms or matches the state-of-the-art methods in both accuracy and runtime. Moreover, our method exhibits linear scalability in both the number of data samples and the number of RB features.	Scalable Spectral Clustering Using Random Binning Features	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Weichang Wu:Junchi Yan:Xiaokang Yang:Hongyuan Zha	This paper presents a factorial marked temporal point process model and presents efficient learning methods. In conventional (multi-dimensional) marked temporal point process models, an event is often encoded by a single discrete variable (marker). We describe the factorial marked point processes whereby time-stamped event is factored into multiple markers. Accordingly the size of the infectivity matrix modeling the effect between pairwise markers is in exponential order regarding the number of discrete markers. We propose a decoupled learning method with two learning procedures: i) directly solving the model based on two techniques: Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers and Fast Iterative Shrinkage-Thresholding Algorithm; ii) involving a reformulation that transforms the original problem into a Logistic Regression model for more efficient learning. Moreover, a sparse group regularizer is added to identify the key profile features and event labels. Empirical results on real world datasets demonstrate the efficiency of our decoupled and reformulated method.	Decoupled Learning for Factorial Marked Temporal Point Processes	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wush Wu:Mi-Yen Yeh:Ming-Syan Chen	We generalize the winning price model to incorporate the deep learning models with different distributions and propose an algorithm to learn from the historical bidding information, where the winning price are either observed or partially observed. We study if the successful deep learning models of the click-through rate can enhance the prediction of the winning price or not. We also study how different distributions of winning price can affect the learning results. Experiment results show that the deep learning models indeed boost the prediction quality when they are learned on the historical observed data. In addition, the deep learning models on the unobserved data are improved after learning from the censored data. The main advantage of the proposed generalized deep learning model is to provide more flexibility to model the winning price and improve the performance in consideration of the possibly various winning price distributions and various model structures in practice.	Deep Censored Learning of the Winning Price in the Real Time Bidding	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yongkai Wu:Lu Zhang:Xintao Wu	Predictive models learned from historical data are widely used to help companies and organizations make decisions. However, they may digitally unfairly treat unwanted groups, raising concerns about fairness and discrimination. In this paper, we study the fairness-aware ranking problem which aims to discover discrimination in ranked datasets and reconstruct the fair ranking. Existing methods in fairness-aware ranking are mainly based on statistical parity that cannot measure the true discriminatory effect since discrimination is causal. On the other hand, existing methods in causal-based anti-discrimination learning focus on classification problems and cannot be directly applied to handle the ranked data. To address these limitations, we propose to map the rank position to a continuous score variable that represents the qualification of the candidates. Then, we build a causal graph that consists of both the discrete profile attributes and the continuous score. The path-specific effect technique is extended to the mixed-variable causal graph to identify both direct and indirect discrimination. The relationship between the path-specific effects for the ranked data and those for the binary decision is theoretically analyzed. Finally, algorithms for discovering and removing discrimination from a ranked dataset are developed. Experiments using the real-world dataset show the effectiveness of our approaches.	On Discrimination Discovery and Removal in Ranked Data using Causal Graph	NA:NA:NA	2018
Miao Xie:Zhe Jiang:Arpan Man Sainju	Flood extent mapping plays a crucial role in disaster management and national water forecasting. Unfortunately, traditional classification methods are often hampered by the existence of noise, obstacles and heterogeneity in spectral features as well as implicit anisotropic spatial dependency across class labels. In this paper, we propose geographical hidden Markov tree, a probabilistic graphical model that generalizes the common hidden Markov model from a one dimensional sequence to a two dimensional map. Partial order class dependency is incorporated in the hidden class layer with a reverse tree structure. We also investigate computational algorithms for reverse tree construction, model parameter learning and class inference. Extensive evaluations on both synthetic and real world datasets show that proposed model outperforms multiple baselines in flood mapping, and our algorithms are scalable on large data sizes.	Geographical Hidden Markov Tree for Flood Extent Mapping	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jie Xu:Lei Luo:Cheng Deng:Heng Huang	topic with many real-world applications. Most existing metric learning methods aim to learn an optimal Mahalanobis distance matrix M, under which data samples from the same class are forced to be close to each other and those from different classes are pushed far away. The Mahalanobis distance matrix M can be factorized as M = L'L, and the Mahalanobis distance induced by L is equivalent to the Euclidean distance after linear projection of the feature vectors on the rows of L. However, the Euclidean distance is only suitable for characterizing Gaussian noise, thus the traditional metric learning algorithms are not robust to achieve good performance when they are applied to the occlusion data, which often appear in image and video data mining applications. To overcome this limitation, we propose a new robust metric learning approach by introducing the maximum correntropy criterion to deal with real-world malicious occlusions or corruptions. In our new model, we enforce the intra-class reconstruction residual of each sample to be smaller than the inter-class reconstruction residual by a large margin. Meanwhile, we employ correntropy induced metric to fit the reconstruction residual, which has been proved to be useful in non-Gaussian data processing. Leveraging the half-quadratic optimization technique, we derive an efficient algorithm to solve the proposed new model and provide its convergence guarantee as well. Extensive experiments on various occluded data sets indicate that our proposed model can achieve more promising performance than other related methods.	New Robust Metric Learning Model Using Maximum Correntropy Criterion	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yanbo Xu:Siddharth Biswal:Shriprasad R. Deshpande:Kevin O. Maher:Jimeng Sun	With the improvement of medical data capturing, vast amount of continuous patient monitoring data, e.g., electrocardiogram (ECG), real-time vital signs and medications, become available for clinical decision support at intensive care units (ICUs). However, it becomes increasingly challenging to model such data, due to high density of the monitoring data, heterogeneous data types and the requirement for interpretable models. Integration of these high-density monitoring data with the discrete clinical events (including diagnosis, medications, labs) is challenging but potentially rewarding since richness and granularity in such multimodal data increase the possibilities for accurate detection of complex problems and predicting outcomes (e.g., length of stay and mortality). We propose Recurrent Attentive and Intensive Model (RAIM) for jointly analyzing continuous monitoring data and discrete clinical events. RAIM introduces an efficient attention mechanism for continuous monitoring data (e.g., ECG), which is guided by discrete clinical events (e.g, medication usage). We apply RAIM in predicting physiological decompensation and length of stay in those critically ill patients at ICU. With evaluations on MIMIC-III Waveform Database Matched Subset, we obtain an AUC-ROC score of $90.18%$ for predicting decompensation and an accuracy of $86.82%$ for forecasting length of stay with our final model, which outperforms our six baseline models.	RAIM: Recurrent Attentive and Intensive Model of Multimodal Patient Monitoring Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rui Yan:Dongyan Zhao	To have automatic conversations between human and computer is regarded as one of the most hardcore problems in computer science. Conversational systems are of growing importance due to their promising potentials and commercial values as virtual assistants and chatbots. To build such systems with adequate intelligence is challenging, and requires abundant resources including an acquisition of big conversational data and interdisciplinary techniques, such as content analysis, text mining, and retrieval. The arrival of big data era reveals the feasibility to create a conversational system empowered by data-driven approaches. Now we are able to collect an extremely large number of human-human conversations on Web, and organize them to launch human-computer conversational systems. Given a human issued utterance, i.e., a query, a conversational system will search for appropriate responses, conduct relevance ranking using contexts information, and then output the highly relevant result. In this paper, we propose a novel context modeling framework with end-to-end neural networks for human-computer conversational systems. The proposed model is general and unified. In the experiments, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model for human-computer conversations using [emailÂ protected], MAP, nDCG, and MRR metrics.	Coupled Context Modeling for Deep Chit-Chat: Towards Conversations between Human and Computer	NA:NA	2018
Tong Yang:Junzhi Gong:Haowei Zhang:Lei Zou:Lei Shi:Xiaoming Li	Data stream processing is a fundamental issue in many fields, such as data mining, databases, network traffic measurement. There are five typical tasks in data stream processing: frequency estimation, heavy hitter detection, heavy change detection, frequency distribution estimation, and entropy estimation. Different algorithms are proposed for different tasks, but they seldom achieve high accuracy and high speed at the same time. To address this issue, we propose a novel data structure named HeavyGuardian. The key idea is to intelligently separate and guard the information of hot items while approximately record the frequencies of cold items. We deploy HeavyGuardian on the above five typical tasks. Extensive experimental results show that HeavyGuardian achieves both much higher accuracy and higher speed than the state-of-the-art solutions for each of the five typical tasks. The source codes of HeavyGuardian and other related algorithms are available at GitHub.	HeavyGuardian: Separate and Guard Hot Items in Data Streams	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yang Yang:Yi-Feng Wu:De-Chuan Zhan:Zhi-Bin Liu:Yuan Jiang	In real world applications, complex objects are usually with multiple labels, and can be represented as multiple modal representations, e.g., the complex articles contain text and image information as well as are with multiple annotations. Previous methods assume that the homogeneous multi-modal data are consistent, while in real applications, the raw data are disordered, i.e., the article is constituted with variable number of inconsistent text and image instances. To solve this problem, Multi-modal Multi-instance Multi-label (M3) learning provides a framework for handling such task and has exhibited excellent performance. Besides, how to effectively utilize label correlation is also a challenging issue. In this paper, we propose a novel Multi-modal Multi-instance Multi-label Deep Network (M3DN), which learns the label prediction and exploits label correlation simultaneously based on the Optimal Transport, by considering the consistency principle between different modal bag-level prediction and the learned latent ground label metric. Experiments on benchmark datasets and real world WKG Game-Hub dataset validate the effectiveness of the proposed method.	Complex Object Classification: A Multi-Modal Multi-Instance Multi-Label Deep Network with Optimal Transport	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ali Batuhan Yardim:Victor Kristof:Lucas Maystre:Matthias Grossglauser	As the number of contributors to online peer-production systems grows, it becomes increasingly important to predict whether the edits that users make will eventually be beneficial to the project. Existing solutions either rely on a user reputation system or consist of a highly specialized predictor that is tailored to a specific peer-production system. In this work, we explore a different point in the solution space that goes beyond user reputation but does not involve any content-based feature of the edits. We view each edit as a game between the editor and the component of the project. We posit that the probability that an edit is accepted is a function of the editor's skill, of the difficulty of editing the component and of a user-component interaction term. Our model is broadly applicable, as it only requires observing data about who makes an edit, what the edit affects and whether the edit survives or not. We apply our model on Wikipedia and the Linux kernel, two examples of large-scale peer-production systems, and we seek to understand whether it can effectively predict edit survival: in both cases, we provide a positive answer. Our approach significantly outperforms those based solely on user reputation and bridges the gap with specialized predictors that use content-based features. It is simple to implement, computationally inexpensive, and in addition it enables us to discover interesting structure in the data.	Can Who-Edits-What Predict Edit Survival?	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Abdurrahman Yasar:Ãœmit V. Ã‡atalyÃ¼rek	Integrating data from heterogeneous sources is often modeled as merging graphs. Given two or more "compatible'', but not-isomorphic graphs, the first step is to identify a graph alignment, where a potentially partial mapping of vertices between two graphs is computed. A significant portion of the literature on this problem only takes the global structure of the input graphs into account. Only more recent ones additionally use vertex and edge attributes to achieve a more accurate alignment. However, these methods are not designed to scale to map large graphs arising in many modern applications. We propose a new iterative graph aligner, gsaNA, that uses the global structure of the graphs to significantly reduce the problem size and align large graphs with a minimal loss of information. Concretely, we show that our proposed technique is highly flexible, can be used to achieve higher recall, and it is orders of magnitudes faster than the current state of the art techniques.	An Iterative Global Structure-Assisted Labeled Network Aligner	NA:NA	2018
Zeyang Ye:Lihao Zhang:Keli Xiao:Wenjun Zhou:Yong Ge:Yuefan Deng	The classic mobile sequential recommendation (MSR) problem aims to provide the optimal route to taxi drivers for minimizing the potential travel distance before they meet next passengers. However, the problem is designed from the view of a single user and may lead to overlapped recommendations and cause traffic problems. Existing approaches usually contain an offline pruning process with extremely high computational cost, given a large number of pick-up points. To this end, we formalize a new multi-user MSR (MMSR) problem that locates optimal routes for a group of drivers with different starting positions. We develop two efficient methods, PSAD and PSAD-M, for solving the MMSR problem by ganging parallel computing and simulated annealing. Our methods outperform several existing approaches, especially for high-dimensional MMSR problems, with a record-breaking performance of 180x speedup using 384 cores.	Multi-User Mobile Sequential Recommendation: An Efficient Parallel Computing Paradigm	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jianhua Yin:Daren Chao:Zhongkun Liu:Wei Zhang:Xiaohui Yu:Jianyong Wang	Short text stream clustering has become an increasingly important problem due to the explosive growth of short text in diverse social medias. In this paper, we propose a model-based short text stream clustering algorithm (MStream) which can deal with the concept drift problem and sparsity problem naturally. The MStream algorithm can achieve state-of-the-art performance with only one pass of the stream, and can have even better performance when we allow multiple iterations of each batch. We further propose an improved algorithm of MStream with forgetting rules called MStreamF, which can efficiently delete outdated documents by deleting clusters of outdated batches. Our extensive experimental study shows that MStream and MStreamF can achieve better performance than three baselines on several real datasets.	Model-based Clustering of Short Text Streams	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yu Yin:Zhenya Huang:Enhong Chen:Qi Liu:Fuzheng Zhang:Xing Xie:Guoping Hu	Transcribing content from structural images, e.g., writing notes from music scores, is a challenging task as not only the content objects should be recognized, but the internal structure should also be preserved. Existing image recognition methods mainly work on images with simple content (e.g., text lines with characters), but are not capable to identify ones with more complex content (e.g., structured code), which often follow a fine-grained grammar. To this end, in this paper, we propose a hierarchical Spotlight Transcribing Network (STN) framework followed by a two-stage "where-to-what'' solution. Specifically, we first decide "where-to-look'' through a novel spotlight mechanism to focus on different areas of the original image following its structure. Then, we decide "what-to-write'' by developing a GRU based network with the spotlight areas for transcribing the content accordingly. Moreover, we propose two implementations on the basis of STN, i.e., STNM and STNR, where the spotlight movement follows the Markov property and Recurrent modeling, respectively. We also design a reinforcement method to refine our STN framework by self-improving the spotlight mechanism. We conduct extensive experiments on many structural image datasets, where the results clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of STN framework.	Transcribing Content from Structural Images with Spotlight Mechanism	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tomoki Yoshida:Ichiro Takeuchi:Masayuki Karasuyama	We study safe screening for metric learning. Distance metric learning can optimize a metric over a set of triplets, each one of which is defined by a pair of same class instances and an instance in a different class. However, the number of possible triplets is quite huge even for a small dataset. Our safe triplet screening identifies triplets which can be safely removed from the optimization problem without losing the optimality. Compared with existing safe screening studies, triplet screening is particularly significant because of (1) the huge number of possible triplets, and (2) the semi-definite constraint in the optimization. We derive several variants of screening rules, and analyze their relationships. Numerical experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of safe triplet screening.	Safe Triplet Screening for Distance Metric Learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wenchao Yu:Cheng Zheng:Wei Cheng:Charu C. Aggarwal:Dongjin Song:Bo Zong:Haifeng Chen:Wei Wang	The problem of network representation learning, also known as network embedding, arises in many machine learning tasks assuming that there exist a small number of variabilities in the vertex representations which can capture the "semantics" of the original network structure. Most existing network embedding models, with shallow or deep architectures, learn vertex representations from the sampled vertex sequences such that the low-dimensional embeddings preserve the locality property and/or global reconstruction capability. The resultant representations, however, are difficult for model generalization due to the intrinsic sparsity of sampled sequences from the input network. As such, an ideal approach to address the problem is to generate vertex representations by learning a probability density function over the sampled sequences. However, in many cases, such a distribution in a low-dimensional manifold may not always have an analytic form. In this study, we propose to learn the network representations with adversarially regularized autoencoders (NetRA). NetRA learns smoothly regularized vertex representations that well capture the network structure through jointly considering both locality-preserving and global reconstruction constraints. The joint inference is encapsulated in a generative adversarial training process to circumvent the requirement of an explicit prior distribution, and thus obtains better generalization performance. We demonstrate empirically how well key properties of the network structure are captured and the effectiveness of NetRA on a variety of tasks, including network reconstruction, link prediction, and multi-label classification.	Learning Deep Network Representations with Adversarially Regularized Autoencoders	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wenchao Yu:Wei Cheng:Charu C. Aggarwal:Kai Zhang:Haifeng Chen:Wei Wang	Massive and dynamic networks arise in many practical applications such as social media, security and public health. Given an evolutionary network, it is crucial to detect structural anomalies, such as vertices and edges whose "behaviors'' deviate from underlying majority of the network, in a real-time fashion. Recently, network embedding has proven a powerful tool in learning the low-dimensional representations of vertices in networks that can capture and preserve the network structure. However, most existing network embedding approaches are designed for static networks, and thus may not be perfectly suited for a dynamic environment in which the network representation has to be constantly updated. In this paper, we propose a novel approach, NetWalk, for anomaly detection in dynamic networks by learning network representations which can be updated dynamically as the network evolves. We first encode the vertices of the dynamic network to vector representations by clique embedding, which jointly minimizes the pairwise distance of vertex representations of each walk derived from the dynamic networks, and the deep autoencoder reconstruction error serving as a global regularization. The vector representations can be computed with constant space requirements using reservoir sampling. On the basis of the learned low-dimensional vertex representations, a clustering-based technique is employed to incrementally and dynamically detect network anomalies. Compared with existing approaches, NetWalk has several advantages: 1) the network embedding can be updated dynamically, 2) streaming network nodes and edges can be encoded efficiently with constant memory space usage, 3). flexible to be applied on different types of networks, and 4) network anomalies can be detected in real-time. Extensive experiments on four real datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of NetWalk.	NetWalk: A Flexible Deep Embedding Approach for Anomaly Detection in Dynamic Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chengxi Zang:Peng Cui:Wenwu Zhu	To fit empirical data distributions and then interpret them in a generative way is a common research paradigm to understand the structure and dynamics underlying the data in various disciplines. However, previous works mainly attempt to fit or interpret empirical data distributions in a case-by-case way. Faced with complex data distributions in the real world, can we fit and interpret them by a unified but parsimonious parametric model? In this paper, we view the complex empirical data as being generated by a dynamic system which takes uniform randomness as input. By modeling the generative dynamics of data, we showcase a four-parameter dynamic model together with inference and simulation algorithms, which is able to fit and generate a family of distributions, ranging from Gaussian, Exponential, Power Law, Stretched Exponential (Weibull), to their complex variants with multi-scale complexities. Rather than a black box, our model can be interpreted by a unified differential equation, which captures the underlying generative dynamics. More powerful models can be constructed by our framework in a principled way. We validate our model by various synthetic datasets. We then apply our model to $16$ real-world datasets from different disciplines. We show the systematic biases of fitting these datasets by the most widely used methods and show the superiority of our model. In short, our model potentially provides a framework to fit complex distributions in empirical data, and more importantly, to understand their generative mechanisms.	Learning and Interpreting Complex Distributions in Empirical Data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bang Zhang:Lelin Zhang:Ting Guo:Yang Wang:Fang Chen	Urbanization is a global trend that we have all witnessed in the past decades. It brings us both opportunities and challenges. On the one hand, urban system is one of the most sophisticated social-economic systems that is responsible for efficiently providing supplies meeting the demand of residents in various of domains, e.g., dwelling, education, entertainment, healthcare, etc. On the other hand, significant diversity and inequality exist in the development patterns of urban systems, which makes urban data analysis difficult. Different urban regions often exhibit diverse urbanization patterns and provide distinct urban functions, e.g., commercial and residential areas offer significantly different urban functions. It is desired to develop the data analytic capabilities for discovering the underlying cross-domain urbanization patterns, clustering urban regions based on their function similarity and predicting region popularity in specified domains. Previous studies in the urban data analysis area often just focus on individual domains and rarely consider cross-domain urban development patterns hidden in different urban regions. In this paper, we propose the infinite urbanization process (IUP) model for simultaneous urban region function discovery and region popularity prediction. The IUP model is a generative Bayesian nonparametric process that is capable of describing a potentially infinite number of urbanization patterns. It is developed within the supervised topic modelling framework and is supported by a novel hierarchical spatial distance dependent Bayesian nonparametric prior over the spatial region partition space. The empirical study conducted on the real-world datasets shows promising outcome compared with the state-of-the-art techniques.	Simultaneous Urban Region Function Discovery and Popularity Estimation via an Infinite Urbanization Process Model	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chao Zhang:Fangbo Tao:Xiusi Chen:Jiaming Shen:Meng Jiang:Brian Sadler:Michelle Vanni:Jiawei Han	Taxonomy construction is not only a fundamental task for semantic analysis of text corpora, but also an important step for applications such as information filtering, recommendation, and Web search. Existing pattern-based methods extract hypernym-hyponym term pairs and then organize these pairs into a taxonomy. However, by considering each term as an independent concept node, they overlook the topical proximity and the semantic correlations among terms. In this paper, we propose a method for constructing topic taxonomies, wherein every node represents a conceptual topic and is defined as a cluster of semantically coherent concept terms. Our method, TaxoGen, uses term embeddings and hierarchical clustering to construct a topic taxonomy in a recursive fashion. To ensure the quality of the recursive process, it consists of: (1) an adaptive spherical clustering module for allocating terms to proper levels when splitting a coarse topic into fine-grained ones; (2) a local embedding module for learning term embeddings that maintain strong discriminative power at different levels of the taxonomy. Our experiments on two real datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of TaxoGen compared with baseline methods.	TaxoGen: Unsupervised Topic Taxonomy Construction by Adaptive Term Embedding and Clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chen Zhang:Yijun Wang:Can Chen:Changying Du:Hongzhi Yin:Hao Wang	Stock comments from analysts contain important consulting information for investors to foresee stock volatility and market trends. Existing studies on stock comments usually focused on capturing coarse-grained opinion polarities or understanding market fundamentals. However, investors are often overwhelmed and confused by massive comments with huge noises and ambiguous opinions. Therefore, it is an emerging need to have a fine-grained stock comment analysis tool to identify more reliable stock comments. To this end, this paper provides a solution called StockAssIstant for modeling the reliability of stock comments by considering multiple factors, such as stock price trends, comment content, and the performances of analysts, in a holistic manner. Specifically, we first analyze the pattern of analysts' opinion dynamics from historical comments. Then, we extract key features from the time-series constructed by using the semantic information in comment text, stock prices and the historical behaviors of analysts. Based on these features, we propose an ensemble learning based approach for measuring the reliability of comments. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments and provide a trading simulation on real-world stock data. The experimental results and the profit achieved by the simulated trading in 12-month period clearly validate the effectiveness of our approach for modeling the reliability of stock comments.	StockAssIstant: A Stock AI Assistant for Reliability Modeling of Stock Comments	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chenwei Zhang:Yaliang Li:Nan Du:Wei Fan:Philip S. Yu	Online healthcare services can provide the general public with ubiquitous access to medical knowledge and reduce medical information access cost for both individuals and societies. However, expanding the scale of high-quality yet structured medical knowledge usually comes with tedious efforts in data preparation and human annotation. To promote the benefits while minimizing the data requirement in expanding medical knowledge, we introduce a generative perspective to study the relational medical entity pair discovery problem. A generative model named Conditional Relationship Variational Autoencoder is proposed to discover meaningful and novel medical entity pairs by purely learning from the expression diversity in the existing relational medical entity pairs. Unlike discriminative approaches where high-quality contexts and candidate medical entity pairs are carefully prepared to be examined by the model, the proposed model generates novel entity pairs directly by sampling from a learned latent space without further data requirement. The proposed model explores the generative modeling capacity for medical entity pairs while incorporating deep learning for hands-free feature engineering. It is not only able to generate meaningful medical entity pairs that are not yet observed, but also can generate entity pairs for a specific medical relationship. The proposed model adjusts the initial representations of medical entities by addressing their relational commonalities. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations on real-world relational medical entity pairs demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method in generating relational medical entity pairs that are meaningful and novel.	On the Generative Discovery of Structured Medical Knowledge	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hengtong Zhang:Yaliang Li:Fenglong Ma:Jing Gao:Lu Su	Truth discovery has attracted increasingly more attention due to its ability to distill trustworthy information from noisy multi-sourced data without any supervision. However, most existing truth discovery methods are designed for structured data, and cannot meet the strong need to extract trustworthy information from raw text data as text data has its unique characteristics. The major challenges of inferring true information on text data stem from the multifactorial property of text answers (i.e., an answer may contain multiple key factors) and the diversity of word usages (i.e., different words may have the same semantic meaning). To tackle these challenges, in this paper, we propose a novel truth discovery method, named "TextTruth", which jointly groups the keywords extracted from the answers of a specific question into multiple interpretable factors, and infers the trustworthiness of both answer factors and answer providers. After that, the answers to each question can be ranked based on the estimated trustworthiness of factors. The proposed method works in an unsupervised manner, and thus can be applied to various application scenarios that involve text data. Experiments on three real-world datasets show that the proposed TextTruth model can accurately select trustworthy answers, even when these answers are formed by multiple factors.	TextTruth: An Unsupervised Approach to Discover Trustworthy Information from Multi-Sourced Text Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jing Zhang:Xindong Wu	When acquiring labels from crowdsourcing platforms, a task may be designed to include multiple labels and the values of each label may belong to a set of various distinct options, which is the so-called multi-class multi-label annotation. To improve the quality of labels, one task is independently completed by a group of heterogeneous crowdsourced workers. Then, the true values of the multiple labels of each task are inferred from these repeated noisy labels. In this paper, we propose a novel probabilistic method, which includes a multi-class multi-label dependency (MCMLD) model, to address this problem. The proposed method assumes that the label-correlation exists in both unknown true labels and noisy crowdsourced labels. Thus, it introduces a mixture of multiple independently multinoulli distributions to capture the correlation among the labels. Finally, the unknown true values of the multiple labels of each task, together with a set of confusion matrices modeling the reliability of the workers, can be jointly inferred through an EM algorithm. Experiments with three simulated typical crowdsourcing scenarios and a real-world dataset consistently show that our proposed MCMLD method significantly outperforms several competitive alternatives. Furthermore, if the labels are strongly correlated, the advantage of MCMLD will be more remarkable.	Multi-Label Inference for Crowdsourcing	NA:NA	2018
Ping Zhang:Zhifeng Bao:Yuchen Li:Guoliang Li:Yipeng Zhang:Zhiyong Peng	In this paper we propose and study the problem of trajectory-driven influential billboard placement: given a set of billboards $\ur$ (each with a location and a cost), a database of trajectories $\td$ and a budget $\budget$, find a set of billboards within the budget to influence the largest number of trajectories. One core challenge is to identify and reduce the overlap of the influence from different billboards to the same trajectories, while keeping the budget constraint into consideration. We show that this problem is NP-hard and present an enumeration based algorithm with $(1-1/e)$ approximation ratio. However, the enumeration should be very costly when $|\ur|$ is large. By exploiting the locality property of billboards' influence, we propose a partition-based framework \psel. \psel partitions $\ur$ into a set of small clusters, computes the locally influential billboards for each cluster, and merges them to generate the global solution. Since the local solutions can be obtained much more efficient than the global one, \psel should reduce the computation cost greatly; meanwhile it achieves a non-trivial approximation ratio guarantee. Then we propose a \bbsel method to further prune billboards with low marginal influence, while achieving the same approximation ratio as \psel. Experiments on real datasets verify the efficiency and effectiveness of our methods.	Trajectory-driven Influential Billboard Placement	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yan Zhang:Haoyu Wang:Defu Lian:Ivor W. Tsang:Hongzhi Yin:Guowu Yang	The efficiency of top-k recommendation is vital to large-scale recommender systems. Hashing is not only an efficient alternative but also complementary to distributed computing, and also a practical and effective option in a computing environment with limited resources. Hashing techniques improve the efficiency of online recommendation by representing users and items by binary codes. However, objective functions of existing methods are not consistent with ultimate goals of recommender systems, and are often optimized via discrete coordinate descent, easily getting stuck in a local optimum. To this end, we propose a Discrete Ranking-based Matrix Factorization (DRMF) algorithm based on each user's pairwise preferences, and formulate it into binary quadratic programming problems to learn binary codes. Due to non-convexity and binary constraints, we further propose self-paced learning for improving the optimization, to include pairwise preferences gradually from easy to complex. We finally evaluate the proposed algorithm on three public real-world datasets, and show that the proposed algorithm outperforms the state-of-the-art hashing-based recommendation algorithms, and even achieves comparable performance to matrix factorization methods.	Discrete Ranking-based Matrix Factorization with Self-Paced Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yifan Zhang:Peilin Zhao:Jiezhang Cao:Wenye Ma:Junzhou Huang:Qingyao Wu:Mingkui Tan	This paper investigates Online Active Learning (OAL) for imbalanced unlabeled datastream, where only a budget of labels can be queried to optimize some cost-sensitive performance measure. OAL can solve many real-world problems, such as anomaly detection in healthcare, finance and network security. In these problems, there are two key challenges: the query budget is often limited; the ratio between two classes is highly imbalanced. To address these challenges, existing work of OAL adopts either asymmetric losses or queries (an isolated asymmetric strategy) to tackle the imbalance, and uses first-order methods to optimize the cost-sensitive measure. However, they may incur two deficiencies: (1) the poor ability in handling imbalanced data due to the isolated asymmetric strategy; (2) relative slow convergence rate due to the first-order optimization. In this paper, we propose a novel Online Adaptive Asymmetric Active (OA3) learning algorithm, which is based on a new asymmetric strategy (merging both the asymmetric losses and queries strategies), and second-order optimization. We theoretically analyze its bounds, and also empirically evaluate it on four real-world online anomaly detection tasks. Promising results confirm the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed algorithm in various application domains.	Online Adaptive Asymmetric Active Learning for Budgeted Imbalanced Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ziwei Zhang:Peng Cui:Xiao Wang:Jian Pei:Xuanrong Yao:Wenwu Zhu	Network embedding has received increasing research attention in recent years. The existing methods show that the high-order proximity plays a key role in capturing the underlying structure of the network. However, two fundamental problems in preserving the high-order proximity remain unsolved. First, all the existing methods can only preserve fixed-order proximities, despite that proximities of different orders are often desired for distinct networks and target applications. Second, given a certain order proximity, the existing methods cannot guarantee accuracy and efficiency simultaneously. To address these challenges, we propose AROPE (arbitrary-order proximity preserved embedding), a novel network embedding method based on SVD framework. We theoretically prove the eigen-decomposition reweighting theorem, revealing the intrinsic relationship between proximities of different orders. With this theorem, we propose a scalable eigen-decomposition solution to derive the embedding vectors and shift them between proximities of arbitrary orders. Theoretical analysis is provided to guarantee that i) our method has a low marginal cost in shifting the embedding vectors across different orders, ii) given a certain order, our method can get the global optimal solutions, and iii) the overall time complexity of our method is linear with respect to network size. Extensive experimental results on several large-scale networks demonstrate that our proposed method greatly and consistently outperforms the baselines in various tasks including network reconstruction, link prediction and node classification.	Arbitrary-Order Proximity Preserved Network Embedding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Liang Zhao:Amir Alipour-Fanid:Martin Slawski:Kai Zeng	As machine learning methods are utilized in more and more real-world applications involving constraints on computational budgets, the systematic integration of such constraints into the process of model selection and model optimization is required to an increasing extent. A specific computational resource in this regard is the time needed for evaluating predictions on test instances. There is meanwhile a substantial body of work concerned with the joint optimization of accuracy and test-time efficiency by considering the time costs of feature generation and model prediction. During the feature generation process, significant redundant computations across different features occur in many applications. Although the elimination of such redundancies would reduce the time cost substantially, there has been little research in this area due to substantial technical challenges involved, especially: 1) the lack of an effective formulation for feature computation dependency; and 2) the nonconvex and discrete nature of the optimization over feature computation dependency. In order to address these problems, this paper first proposes a heterogeneous hypergraph to represent the feature computation dependency, after which a framework is proposed that jointly optimizes the accuracy and the exact test-time cost based on a given feature computational dependency. A continuous tight approximation to this original problem is proposed based on a non-monotone nonconvex regularization term. Finally, an effective nonconvex optimization algorithm is proposed to solve the problem, along with a theoretical analysis of the convergence conditions. Extensive experiments on eight synthetic datasets and six real-world datasets demonstrate the proposed models' outstanding performance in terms of both accuracy and prediction-time cost.	Prediction-time Efficient Classification Using Feature Computational Dependencies	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yan Zhao:Shuo Shang:Yu Wang:Bolong Zheng:Quoc Viet Hung Nguyen:Kai Zheng	The pervasiveness of GPS-enabled devices and wireless communication technologies results in massive trajectory data, incurring expensive cost for storage, transmission, and query processing. To relieve this problem, in this paper we propose a novel framework for compressing trajectory data, REST (Reference-based Spatio-temporal trajectory compression), by which a raw trajectory is represented by concatenation of a series of historical (sub-)trajectories (called reference trajectories) that form the compressed trajectory within a given spatio-temporal deviation threshold. In order to construct a reference trajectory set that can most benefit the subsequent compression, we propose three kinds of techniques to select reference trajectories wisely from a large dataset such that the resulting reference set is more compact yet covering most footprints of trajectories in the area of interest. To address the computational issue caused by the large number of combinations of reference trajectories that may exist for resembling a given trajectory, we propose efficient greedy algorithms that run in the blink of an eye and dynamic programming algorithms that can achieve the optimal compression ratio. Compared to existing work on trajectory compression, our framework has few assumptions about data such as moving within a road network or moving with constant direction and speed, and better compression performance with fairly small spatio-temporal loss. Extensive experiments on a real taxi trajectory dataset demonstrate the superiority of our framework over existing representative approaches in terms of both compression ratio and efficiency.	REST: A Reference-based Framework for Spatio-temporal Trajectory Compression	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dawei Zhou:Jingrui He:Hongxia Yang:Wei Fan	In the era of big data, it is often the rare categories that are of great interest in many high-impact applications, ranging from financial fraud detection in online transaction networks to emerging trend detection in social networks, from network intrusion detection in computer networks to fault detection in manufacturing. As a result, rare category characterization becomes a fundamental learning task, which aims to accurately characterize the rare categories given limited label information. The unique challenge of rare category characterization, i.e., the non-separability nature of the rare categories from the majority classes, together with the availability of the multi-modal representation of the examples, poses a new research question: how can we learn a salient rare category oriented embedding representation such that the rare examples are well separated from the majority class examples in the embedding space, which facilitates the follow-up rare category characterization? To address this question, inspired by the family of curriculum learning that simulates the cognitive mechanism of human beings, we propose a self-paced framework named SPARC that gradually learns the rare category oriented network representation and the characterization model in a mutually beneficial way by shifting from the 'easy' concept to the target 'difficult' one, in order to facilitate more reliable label propagation to the large number of unlabeled examples. The experimental results on various real data demonstrate that our proposed SPARC algorithm: (1) shows a significant improvement over state-of-the-art graph embedding methods on representing the rare categories that are non-separable from the majority classes; (2) outperforms the existing methods on rare category characterization tasks.	SPARC: Self-Paced Network Representation for Few-Shot Rare Category Characterization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yao Zhou:Arun Reddy Nelakurthi:Jingrui He	With the increasing demand for large amount of labeled data, crowdsourcing has been used in many large-scale data mining applications. However, most existing works in crowdsourcing mainly focus on label inference and incentive design. In this paper, we address a different problem of adaptive crowd teaching, which is a sub-area of machine teaching in the context of crowdsourcing. Compared with machines, human beings are extremely good at learning a specific target concept (e.g., classifying the images into given categories) and they can also easily transfer the learned concepts into similar learning tasks. Therefore, a more effective way of utilizing crowdsourcing is by supervising the crowd to label in the form of teaching. In order to perform the teaching and expertise estimation simultaneously, we propose an adaptive teaching framework named JEDI to construct the personalized optimal teaching set for the crowdsourcing workers. In JEDI teaching, the teacher assumes that each learner has an exponentially decayed memory. Furthermore, it ensures comprehensiveness in the learning process by carefully balancing teaching diversity and learner's accurate learning in terms of teaching usefulness. Finally, we validate the effectiveness and efficacy of JEDI teaching in comparison with the state-of-the-art techniques on multiple data sets with both synthetic learners and real crowdsourcing workers.	Unlearn What You Have Learned: Adaptive Crowd Teaching with Exponentially Decayed Memory Learners	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dingyuan Zhu:Peng Cui:Daixin Wang:Wenwu Zhu	Network embedding, aiming to embed a network into a low dimensional vector space while preserving the inherent structural properties of the network, has attracted considerable attentions recently. Most of the existing embedding methods embed nodes as point vectors in a low-dimensional continuous space. In this way, the formation of the edge is deterministic and only determined by the positions of the nodes. However, the formation and evolution of real-world networks are full of uncertainties, which makes these methods not optimal. To address the problem, we propose a novel Deep Variational Network Embedding in Wasserstein Space (DVNE) in this paper. The proposed method learns a Gaussian distribution in the Wasserstein space as the latent representation of each node, which can simultaneously preserve the network structure and model the uncertainty of nodes. Specifically, we use 2-Wasserstein distance as the similarity measure between the distributions, which can well preserve the transitivity in the network with a linear computational cost. Moreover, our method implies the mathematical relevance of mean and variance by the deep variational model, which can well capture the position of the node by the mean vectors and the uncertainties of nodes by the variance. Additionally, our method captures both the local and global network structure by preserving the first-order and second-order proximity in the network. Our experimental results demonstrate that our method can effectively model the uncertainty of nodes in networks, and show a substantial gain on real-world applications such as link prediction and multi-label classification compared with the state-of-the-art methods.	Deep Variational Network Embedding in Wasserstein Space	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongyuan Zhu:Qi Liu:Nicholas Jing Yuan:Chuan Qin:Jiawei Li:Kun Zhang:Guang Zhou:Furu Wei:Yuanchun Xu:Enhong Chen	With the development of knowledge of music composition and the recent increase in demand, an increasing number of companies and research institutes have begun to study the automatic generation of music. However, previous models have limitations when applying to song generation, which requires both the melody and arrangement. Besides, many critical factors related to the quality of a song such as chord progression and rhythm patterns are not well addressed. In particular, the problem of how to ensure the harmony of multi-track music is still underexplored. To this end, we present a focused study on pop music generation, in which we take both chord and rhythm influence of melody generation and the harmony of music arrangement into consideration. We propose an end-to-end melody and arrangement generation framework, called XiaoIce Band, which generates a melody track with several accompany tracks played by several types of instruments. Specifically, we devise a Chord based Rhythm and Melody Cross-Generation Model (CRMCG) to generate melody with chord progressions. Then, we propose a Multi-Instrument Co-Arrangement Model (MICA) using multi-task learning for multi-track music arrangement. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments on a real-world dataset, where the results demonstrate the effectiveness of XiaoIce Band.	XiaoIce Band: A Melody and Arrangement Generation Framework for Pop Music	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel ZÃ¼gner:Amir Akbarnejad:Stephan GÃ¼nnemann	Deep learning models for graphs have achieved strong performance for the task of node classification. Despite their proliferation, currently there is no study of their robustness to adversarial attacks. Yet, in domains where they are likely to be used, e.g. the web, adversaries are common. Can deep learning models for graphs be easily fooled? In this work, we introduce the first study of adversarial attacks on attributed graphs, specifically focusing on models exploiting ideas of graph convolutions. In addition to attacks at test time, we tackle the more challenging class of poisoning/causative attacks, which focus on the training phase of a machine learning model.We generate adversarial perturbations targeting the node's features and the graph structure, thus, taking the dependencies between instances in account. Moreover, we ensure that the perturbations remain unnoticeable by preserving important data characteristics. To cope with the underlying discrete domain we propose an efficient algorithm Nettack exploiting incremental computations. Our experimental study shows that accuracy of node classification significantly drops even when performing only few perturbations. Even more, our attacks are transferable: the learned attacks generalize to other state-of-the-art node classification models and unsupervised approaches, and likewise are successful even when only limited knowledge about the graph is given.	Adversarial Attacks on Neural Networks for Graph Data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuan Zuo:Guannan Liu:Hao Lin:Jia Guo:Xiaoqian Hu:Junjie Wu	Given the rich real-life applications of network mining as well as the surge of representation learning in recent years, network embedding has become the focal point of increasing research interests in both academic and industrial domains. Nevertheless, the complete temporal formation process of networks characterized by sequential interactive events between nodes has yet seldom been modeled in the existing studies, which calls for further research on the so-called temporal network embedding problem. In light of this, in this paper, we introduce the concept of neighborhood formation sequence to describe the evolution of a node, where temporal excitation effects exist between neighbors in the sequence, and thus we propose a Hawkes process based Temporal Network Embedding (HTNE) method. HTNE well integrates the Hawkes process into network embedding so as to capture the influence of historical neighbors on the current neighbors. In particular, the interactions of low-dimensional vectors are fed into the Hawkes process as base rate and temporal influence, respectively. In addition, attention mechanism is also integrated into HTNE to better determine the influence of historical neighbors on current neighbors of a node. Experiments on three large-scale real-life networks demonstrate that the embeddings learned from the proposed HTNE model achieve better performance than state-of-the-art methods in various tasks including node classification, link prediction, and embedding visualization. In particular, temporal recommendation based on arrival rate inferred from node embeddings shows excellent predictive power of the proposed model.	Embedding Temporal Network via Neighborhood Formation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
John M. Abowd	The U.S. Census Bureau announced, via its Scientific Advisory Committee, that it would protect the publications of the 2018 End-to-End Census Test (E2E) using differential privacy. The E2E test is a dress rehearsal for the 2020 Census, the constitutionally mandated enumeration of the population used to reapportion the House of Representatives and redraw every legislative district in the country. Systems that perform successfully in the E2E test are then used in the production of the 2020 Census. Motivation: The Census Bureau conducted internal research that confirmed that the statistical disclosure limitation systems used for the 2000 and 2010 Censuses had serious vulnerabilities that were exposed by the Dinur and Nissim (2003) database reconstruction theorem. We designed a differentially private publication system that directly addressed these vulnerabilities while preserving the fitness for use of the core statistical products. Problem statement: Designing and engineering production differential privacy systems requires two primary components: (1) inventing and constructing algorithms that deliver maximum accuracy for a given privacy-loss budget and (2) insuring that the privacy-loss budget can be directly controlled by the policy-makers who must choose an appropriate point on the accuracy-privacy-loss tradeoff. The first problem lies in the domain of computer science. The second lies in the domain of economics. Approach: The algorithms under development for the 2020 Census focus on the data used to draw legislative districts and to enforce the 1965 Voting Rights Act (VRA). These algorithms efficiently distribute the noise injected by differential privacy. The Data Stewardship Executive Policy Committee selects the privacy-loss parameter after reviewing accuracy-privacy-loss graphs.	The U.S. Census Bureau Adopts Differential Privacy	NA	2018
Mayur Datar	In this talk we will give a very brief overview of Flipkart, highlighting the major milestones in its journey so far and some latest market size numbers. We will enumerate some of the important data science challenges in an e-commerce company like ours. Finally we will cover one of the problems, demand forecasting, in some details to highlight some of our recent work: Accurate demand forecasts can help on-line retail organizations better plan their supply-chain processes. The challenge, however, is the large number of associative factors that result in large, non-stationary shifts in demand, which traditional time series and regression approaches fail to model. We propose a Neural Network architecture called AR-MDN, that simultaneously models associative factors, time-series trends and the variance in the demand	Data Science at Flipkart - An Indian E-Commerce company	NA	2018
Xin Luna Dong	Knowledge graphs have been used to support a wide range of applications and enhance search results for multiple major search engines, such as Google and Bing. At Amazon we are building a Product Graph, an authoritative knowledge graph for all products in the world. The thousands of product verticals we need to model, the vast number of data sources we need to extract knowledge from, the huge volume of new products we need to handle every day, and the various applications in Search, Discovery, Personalization, Voice, that we wish to support, all present big challenges in constructing such a graph. In this talk we describe four scientific directions we are investigating in building and using such a knowledge graph. First, we have been developing advanced extraction technologies to harvest product knowledge from semi-structured sources on the web and from text product profiles. Our annotation-based extraction tool selects a few webpages (typically below 10 pages) from a website for annotations, and can derive XPaths to extract from the whole website with average precision and recall of 97% [1]. Our distantly supervised extraction tool, CERES, uses an existing knowledge graph to automatically generate (noisy) training labels, and can obtain a precision over 90% when extracting from long-tail websites in various languages [1]. Our OpenTag technique extends state-of-the-art techniques such as Recursive Neural Network (RNN) and Conditional Random Field with attention and active learning, to achieve over 90% precision and recall in extracting attribute values (including values unseen in training data) from product titles, descriptions, and bullets [3].	Challenges and Innovations in Building a Product Knowledge Graph	NA	2018
Li Fan	Pinterest's mission is to help you discover and do what you love -- whether that's finding the perfect recipe for your family dinner or pulling together an outfit. To achieve this level of personalization, and with 200M+ active users and billions of recommendations every day, we live on machine learning. From object detection and classification to ads auction model tuning, Machine learning is used in numerous components of our system. With limited resources as a medium-sized company, but fast growing demand from passionate users, we have to balance cutting edge technology advancement with practical system implementation that can be put in place within a short amount of time. In this talk, I will review Pinterest's approach of a careful balance between simplicity and functionality, and how we reached our current stage of system design.	The Pinterest Approach to Machine Learning	NA	2018
James Hodson	Finance is the efficient allocation of capital to achieve individual and societal objectives. Finance runs on information, from the number of ships under construction in the ports of Dalian, to the beliefs of investors in a marketplace--we want to put capital to work in the places it will have the biggest impact. Increasingly, large new data sources are facilitating our understanding of how individuals, teams, companies, governments, and other entities operate, allowing for new types of modelling that can unlock value and accelerate growth. In this talk, we will explore several open questions at the intersection of individuals, jobs, companies, and financial markets, where new data brings the promise of new understanding. How do people and firms interact to create economic value? How do we accelerate this value creation? How can the KDD community help?	Humans, Jobs, and the Economy: The Future of Finance in the Age of Big Data	NA	2018
Foster Provost:James Hodson:Jeannette M. Wing:Qiang Yang:Jennifer Neville	The explosion of interest in KDD and other Data Science/Machine Learning/AI conferences is just one of the many signs that these technologies are no longer confined to the realms of academia and a hand-full of tech companies. As our daily lives seamlessly integrate more and more data-driven applications, people's excitement is tempered by worry about the technologies' potential to disrupt their existence. Having worked for almost 30 years to design and develop these technologies, the KDD community now should examine and debate the impact of Machine Learning & AI on the broader world. Beyond the hype, where do we stand with respect to the dangers? What role can our community play to alleviate concerns around AI taking jobs, or taking over? How can the value derived from data be distributed fairly? Are concerns about inequity well-founded or rather largely problems of perception? What can be done to bring data hunger and data sharing concerns to a level of equilibrium? How do we prepare people to interact with intelligent systems at scale? Can we unleash the incredible responsiveness of the KDD community toward longer-term more impactful projects across sectors that are essential for social good, such as Health, Environmental Sustainability, and Public Welfare.	Societal Impact of Data Science and Artificial Intelligence	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hema Raghavan	At LinkedIn our mission is to build active communities for all of our members such that members are able to disseminate or seek professional content at the right time on the right channel. We mine a variety of data sources including LinkedIn's Economic Graph and member activities on the site and use large scale machine learning algorithms to recommend members to connect to people they might know to build active communities. We build real-time recommendations to disseminate information so that members never miss a relevant conversation that is going on in any of the communities they are part of. Through this talk we will showcase how we are trying to solve some of the most challenging problems on internet-scale social network analysis, streaming algorithms, and multi-objective optimization.	Building Near Realtime Contextual Recommendations for Active Communities on LinkedIn	NA	2018
Suju Rajan	Machine learning literature on Computational Advertising typically tends to focus on the simplistic CTR prediction problem which while being relevant is the tip of the iceberg in terms of the challenges in the field. There is also very little appreciation for the scale at which the real-time-bidding systems operate (200B bid requests/day) or the increasingly adversarial ecosystem all of which add a ton of constraints in terms of feasible solutions. In this talk, I'll highlight some recent efforts in developing models that try to better encapsulate the journey of an ad from the first display to a user to the effect on an actual purchase.	Computational Advertising at Scale	NA	2018
Christopher RÃ©	In the last few years, deep learning models have simultaneously achieved high quality on conventionally challenging tasks and become easy-to-use commodity tools. These factors, combined with the ease of deployment compared to traditional software, have led to deep learning models replacing production software stacks in not only traditional machine learning-driven products including translation and search, but also in many previously heuristic-based applications. This new mode of software construction and deployment has been called Software 2.0 [2]. A key bottleneck in the construction of Software 2.0 applications is the need for large, high-quality training sets for each task. This talk describes Snorkel, a system that enables users to help shape, create, and manage training data for Software 2.0 stacks. In Snorkel applications, instead of tediously hand-labeling individual data items, a user implicitly defines large training sets by writing programs, called labeling functions, that assign labels to subsets of data points, albeit noisily. This idea of using multiple, imperfect sources of labels builds on work in distant supervision. However, if ignored, the uneven (and unknown) accuracies and coverages of the user-provided labeling functions can easily lead to suboptimal results: Example. Suppose we have two training sets, T1 and T2, which are produced by two processes (or labeling functions). T1 has high accuracy say 90% but low yield, labeling 10k points while T2 has lower accuracy, 60%, but higher yield, 1M points. If we put the training sets together, we have a set T of 1.01M points with overall accuracy 60.3%. This could be distressing for a user: a model trained on T1 seems to lose quality when trained on all of T. Naively combining the training sets fails to account for the different origins of T1 and T2. Snorkel addresses this challenge of uneven training source quality by automatically learning a statistical model of the labeling functions' accuracies and correlation structure. The lack of hand-labeled data when learning this model raises several statistical challenges including estimating accuracies, learning correlations, and selecting features that refine labeling function quality [1,3,4]. Snorkel then uses this model to combine and reweight the labeling functions' labels, producing a set of probabilistic training labels, thus effectively passing along key provenance information about the training. Our experimental results and theory show that estimating and accounting for the quality of the labeling functions in this way can lead to improved training set labels and boost downstream application quality-potentially by large margins, e.g., more than ten points of F1 score in NLP applications. Exploiting the varied quality of supervision is a key building block to help manage the software 2.0 stack-but it's far from the only technique. Indeed, recent extensions of these core themes have led to projects automatically generating data augmentations, synthesizing labeling functions, and programmatically defining multi-task supervision. This does not even touch the many new opportunities for deployment and systems in Software 2.0. Hence, we contend there is a broad research motivated by Software 2.0. Although only two years old, the Snorkel project powers applications in major tech companies and scientific efforts. It is used in applications in traditional machine learning applications like natural language processing, medical imaging, and prediction. Perhaps more excitingly for the Software 2.0 vision, it's also used in traditional enterprise applications like data cleaning, data integration, and semi-structured extraction- areas that have traditionally been difficult to deploy machine learning for. For more information about the formal underpinnings and applications of Snorkel, we refer to Snorkel.stanford.edu for open source code, tutorial, and links to technical papers.	Software 2.0 and Snorkel: Beyond Hand-Labeled Data	NA	2018
Joseph Sirosh	AI for Earth puts Microsoft's cloud and AI tools in the hands of those working to solve global environmental challenges. Land cover mapping is part of Microsoft's AI for Earth program, which was created in order to fundamentally change the way that society monitors, models, and ultimately manages Earth's natural resources. To power the land cover mapping work, DNNs are used to perform land use classification using tens of terabytes of high-resolution satellite images from National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). However, Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are challenging to infer cost-effectively, and deploy in large-scale online services with low latencies and price/performance. Microsoft Project Brainwave is a hardware architecture designed to enable high performance real-time AI computations, and the architecture is deployed on field programmable arrays (FPGAs). This wave of hardware innovation will fundamentally transform latencies and price-performance for large scale use of DNNs. In this session, we will walkthrough how FPGAs are used within Microsoft, and how we can tap the power of FPGAs for real-time AI. We will share the secrets of how we are able to perform land cover classification on 20 terabytes of high-resolutions satellite images from NAIP in ten minutes, at the rate of over 415,000 inferences/second.	Planet-Scale Land Cover Classification with FPGAs	NA	2018
Alex Smola	Over the past decade Deep Learning has revolutionized much of Data Mining and Artificial Intelligence. Several factors have contributed to this virtuous cycle, primarily the ready availability of data in the cloud and a shift in the hardware resources that can be used for computation, mostly away from memory intensive models to compute intensive ones. For instance, large amounts of image and video data are available thanks to cheap and ubiquitous sensors. Processing them is only possible with equally copious amounts of low-precision computation. At the same time, expressive machine learning frameworks have allowed statistical modelers to design complex models with ease and to deploy them at scale, thus increasing the demand for computation even further. In this talk I will illustrate how these interaction cycles are likely to shape machine learning in the future.	Algorithms, Data, Hardware and Tools: A Perfect Storm	NA	2018
Jen Walraven	Netflix entered the world of content production with its first Original title in 2012 and has since grown to produce over 700 Original titles around the world. Spanning pre-production (planning, budgeting, etc.), production (principal photography), post-production (editing, sound mixing, etc.), and localization and quality control (subtitle creation, resolving technical glitches, etc.), content production is a complex operation that consumes and generates significant amounts of data. Throughout this process, the application of analytics, machine learning, and optimization can unlock deeper insight. Translating this insight into actionable recommendations alongside creative teams can introduce tremendous efficiency and scalability into the production process. In this talk, we'll discuss how data science can help tackle critical challenges in the production space, as well as opportunities on the horizon in a transforming entertainment industry.	Data Science and Entertainment Production	NA	2018
Cynthia Dwork	Data, algorithms, and systems have biases embedded within them reflecting designers' explicit and implicit choices, historical biases, and societal priorities. They form, literally and inexorably, a codification of values. "Unfairness" of algorithms -- for tasks ranging from advertising to recidivism prediction -- has attracted considerable attention in the popular press. The talk will discuss the nascent mathematically rigorous study of fairness in classification and scoring.	What's Fair?	NA	2017
RenÃƒÂ©e J. Miller	The value of data explodes when it is integrated. In this talk, I present some important innovations in data integration over the last two decades. These include data exchange [1], which provides a foundation for reasoning about the correctness of transformed data, and the use of declarative mappings in integration [2]. I discuss how data mining has been used to facilitate data integration, including constraint discovery [3], mapping discovery [4], and in schema discovery to combat database decay and facilitate integration [5,6]. I present some important new data integration challenges that arise in data science. These include the use of mining for query and visualization recommendation over massive data lakes [7] and data set search, finding datasets of interest at interactive speeds [8].	The Future of Data Integration	NA	2017
Bin Yu	In this talk, I'd like to discuss the intertwining importance and connections of three principles of data science in the title in data-driven decisions. Making prediction as its central task and embracing computation as its core, machine learning has enabled wide-ranging data-driven successes. Prediction is a useful way to check with reality. Good prediction implicitly assumes stability between past and future. Stability (relative to data and model perturbations) is also a minimum requirement for interpretability and reproducibility of data driven results (cf. Yu, 2013). It is closely related to uncertainty assessment. Obviously, both prediction and stability principles can not be employed without feasible computational algorithms, hence the importance of computability. The three principles will be demonstrated in the context of two neuroscience projects and through analytical connections. In particular, the first project adds stability to predictive modeling used for reconstruction of movies from fMRI brain signlas for interpretable models. The second project use predictive transfer learning that combines AlexNet, GoogleNet and VGG with single V4 neuron data for state-of-the-art prediction performance. Our results lend support, to a certain extent, to the resemblance of these CNNs to brain and at the same time provide stable pattern interpretations of neurons in the difficult primate visual cortex V4.	Three Principles of Data Science: Predictability, Stability and Computability	NA	2017
Usama M. Fayyad:Evangelos Simoudis:Ashok Srivastava	The Applied Data Science (ADS) Invited Talks Track at KDD-2017 is a continuation of what has now become a "7-year tradition" at KDD conferences. This is the second year the track operates under the ADS name, an evolution from its origins at KDD-2011 as the "Industry Practice Expo". The KDD Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD) is the world's first, largest and best conference on Data Science, Data Mining, and Knowledge Discovery. It brings together a healthy mix of academic researchers, industry and government researchers, and practitioners from a wide range of institutions and fields. The primary focus on KDD is on peer-reviewed research contributions and the academic advancement of the field. This is an important goal and in fact the KDD conference is now recognized as the most competitive and prestigious forum for presenting high quality research results. KDD, being fundamentally an applied field, needs the strong representation of applied work of big impact. Over the years of running the conference we observed that our initial speaker-selection approach needed to be re-thought because of the important contributions made to the field outside traditional academic, industrial and government research laboratories. The result of this re-thinking was to create a forum that exposes important contributions to Data Science through Big Data Applications that address strategic problems. We wanted to effectively capture the rising importance of Data Science and Machine Learning especially in the Big Data environment where structured and unstructured data create special challenges, and of course present new opportunities. The goal of the Invited Talks Track is to curate contributions from leaders in our field who have made important contributions through the development of a system, the creation of a new and important business, or the development and market introduction of a product,. Some of these important contributions may never see an academic paper or detailed peer-reviewed paper written about them, yet they are of critical importance to our very applied field. To give you an idea of how rapidly growing this area is, and how this sector of our industry and promises to be highly disruptive across many industries, we cite a couple of articles out of a plethora of such coverage: According to IDC, the global revenues from Big Data and business will grow from $130.1 billion in 2016 to more than $203 billion in 2020, at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 11.7% [1]. Furthermore, to quote from a Forbes article: "Data monetization" will become a major source of revenues, as the world will create 180 zettabytes of data (or 180 trillion gigabytes) in 2025, up from less than 10 zettabytes in 2015.? [2]	Foreword to the Applied Data Science: Invited Talks Track at KDD-2017	NA:NA:NA	2017
Eduardo AriÃƒÂ±o de la Rubia	Industry has always leveraged cutting edge quantitative research techniques. From finance and insurance, to marketing and manufacturing, efficiencies and advantages have been seized through measurement, prediction, and the generation of insights' but never at this scale. Organizations which previously may have employed one or two data scientists are now scaling the work to dozens if not hundreds of practitioners. Where previously only a handful of organizations could boast that they were leveraging machine learning and statistical models, now it's a rarity to find an untouched industry or player. Organizations are now faced with the challenges of empowering, scaling, and measuring this workforce to sustain the transformation to the prediction economy. In this talk, I will discuss how and why we built the Domino Data Lab platform. I will talk about the challenges we faced technologically, organizationally and culturally when bringing a system of record to data science.	More than the Sum of its Parts: Building Domino Data Lab	NA	2017
Andy Berglund	The recent advances in genome sequencing and analyses of the billions of base pairs in genomic data have been a boon for moving forward our understanding of human disease. In this talk I will describe how genome sequencing has dramatically improved our understanding of the most common adult form of muscular dystrophy, which is myotonic dystrophy. Two different genetic mutations cause thousands of changes in the cells and tissues of myotonic dystrophy patients. Genome sequencing has allowed us to precisely determine the degree of changes across patients, correlate these changes to disease symptoms and allow us to determine quickly in cell and animal models the effectiveness of therapeutic strategies for myotonic dystrophy.	Mining Big Data in NeuroGenetics to Understand Muscular Dystrophy	NA	2017
Josh Bloom	The ongoing digitization of the industrial-scale machines that power and enable human activity is itself a major global transformation. But the real revolution-in efficiencies, in improved and saved lives-will happen as machine learning automation and insights are properly coupled to the complex systems of industrial data. Leveraging a systems view of real-world use cases from aviation to transportation, I contrast the needs and approaches of consumer versus industrial machine learning. Particularly, I focus on three key areas: combining physics-based models to data-driven models, differential privacy and secure ML (including edge-to-cloud strategies), and interpretability of model predictions.	Industrial Machine Learning	NA	2017
Longbing Cao	Behavior is ubiquitous, and behavior intelligence and insight play an important role in data understanding and business problem-solving. Behavior Informatics [1,2] emerges as an important tool for discovering behavior intelligence and behavior insight. As a computational concept, behavior captures the aspects of the demographics of behavioral subjects and objects; social relationships or norms governing the interactions between behaviors of an individual or a group; behavior sequences or networks and their dynamics; and the impact or effect generated by the behaviors undertaken by subjects on objects. Accordingly, a behavior model [2] captures the subject and the object of a behavior or behavior sequence, the activities conducted by its subject on objects, and the relationships between activities; behavior subject, object, activities and relationships are characterized by their respective attributes. As a result, a behavior is represented as a behavior attributes-based vector; and a subject's behaviors at a time period form a vector-based sequence, namely, represented as a behavior attribute vector-based matrix [3]. With such behavior modeling and from the informatics perspective, behavior informatics takes a top-down approach to systematically and deeply represent, model, reason about, and aggregate behaviors [4]; and a bottom-up approach to analyze and learn behavior occurrences, non-occurrences, dynamics, impact, and utility [2]. Accordingly, for a real-life problem, first, its data is converted to behavioral data according to the above behavior model, characterized by the relevant activities that form behavior sequences, and the properties of subjects, objects, activities, and relationships. Second, analytical tasks, such as behavior pattern analysis, abnormal behavior detection, coupled analysis of group behaviors, modeling of behavior impact and utility, discovery of high impact and high utility behaviors, analysis of non-occurring behaviors, and analysis of behavior evolution and dynamics, can be undertaken on such behavioral data. In this way, complex behaviors are quantifiable, computable [5], and manageable. This talk introduces some of real-life applications of behavior informatics in core business, capital markets and government services. It involves complex individual and group behaviors in relevant business, the interactions between clients and service providers, and relevant behavior sequences and attributes. The examples demonstrate the personalized and early prediction, the prevention and intervention of abnormal behaviors, and the active and tailored management of suspicious clients. Examples include the detection of pool manipulation through analyzing coupled sequences [3] of trading behaviors from multiple associated accounts in stock markets, the intervention of high-impact [6] behaviors in social security for preventing overpayments, the quantification and identification of high-utility [7] behaviors, the identification of and tailored intervention on self-finalizing versus non-self-finalizing taxpaying behaviors [8,9], and even the impact of non-occurring behaviors [10] in debt recovery and prevention. The real-life case studies show the value and potential of behavior informatics for handling complex and challenging risk management, fraud and non-compliance, and for active and tailored client management in business problems. The examples are associated with highly significant economic benefits and social impact as a result of applying the resultant behavior insight and behavior intelligence.	Behavior Informatics to Discover Behavior Insight for Active and Tailored Client Management	NA	2017
Paritosh Desai	Adopting algorithmic decision-making in a large and complex enterprise such as a Fortune 50 retailer like Target takes much more than clean, reliable data and great data mining capabilities. Yet data practitioners too often start with advanced math and fancy algorithms, rather than working hand-in-hand with business partners to identify and understand the biggest business problems. (Then teams should move onto how algorithms can be applied to those problems.) Another key step for data scientists at large organizations: ensuring that their business partners -- the merchants, marketers and supply chain experts -- have a base-line understanding of advanced models as well as the proper analytical support tools. Obtaining widespread buy-in and enthusiasm also requires providing a user-friendly interface for business partners with optionality and flexibility that allows the intelligence to be applied to the many varied issues facing a modern retailer, from personalization to supply chain transformation to decisions on assortment and pricing. This talk will explore effective practices and processes -- the do's and don'ts -- for data scientists to succeed in large, complex organizations like a retailer with 1,800+ stores, major marketing campaigns across multiple channels and a fast growing online business.	It Takes More than Math and Engineering to Hit the Bullseye with Data	NA	2017
Jonathan P. How	This talk will describe recent progress on modeling, planning, learning, and control of autonomous systems operating in dynamic environments, with an emphasis on addressing the challenges faced on various timescales. For example, autonomous robotic agents need to plan/execute safe paths and avoid imminent collisions given noisy sensory information (short timescale), learn how to interact with other agents (possibly humans) with intents that are not known (medium timescale), and perform complex cooperative tasks given imperfect models and knowledge of the environment and teammate actions (long timescale). These tasks are often constrained to be done using onboard computation and perception, which can add significant complexity to the system. The talk will highlight several recently developed solutions to these challenges that have been implemented to demonstrate high-speed agile flight of a quadrotor in unknown, cluttered environments, autonomous navigation of a ground vehicle in complex indoor environments alongside pedestrians, and real-time cooperative multiagent planning with an onboard deep learning-based perception system.	Planning and Learning under Uncertainty: Theory and Practice	NA	2017
Anuj Karpatne:Vipin Kumar	The climate and Earth sciences have recently undergone a rapid transformation from a data-poor to a data-rich environment. In particular, massive amount of data about Earth and its environment is now continuously being generated by a large number of Earth observing satellites as well as physics-based earth system models running on large-scale computational platforms. These massive and information-rich datasets offer huge potential for understanding how the Earth's climate and ecosystem have been changing and how they are being impacted by humans actions. We discuss the challenges involved in analyzing these massive data sets as well as opportunities they present for both advancing machine learning as well as the science of climate change.	Big Data in Climate: Opportunities and Challenges for Machine Learning	NA:NA	2017
Mainak Mazumdar	The digital media and TV - which is increasingly digitized, have amassed and generating enormous amount of data. While extremely useful, the big data generated by these platforms poses unique challenges for Data Scientists working on developing measurement framework and metrics. Most practitioners optimize speed and scale at the expense of accuracy, which is critical for any measurement. And, the trade-off between bias and variance is not in consideration. In this paper, we will demonstrate how Nielsen is combining proprietary ground truth data and methodologies with Big Data to address the accuracy and bias/variance challenges. We argue that high quality ground truth or training set is pre-requisite to deploying Big Data for high quality media measurement. To illustrate the point, we will share how Nielsen is combining its proprietary high quality panels with Set Top Box for TV measurement in the U.S.	Addressing Challenges with Big Data for Media Measurement	NA	2017
SzilÃƒÂ¡rd Pafka	Due to the hype in our industry in the last couple of years, there is a growing mismatch between software tools machine learning practitioners wish for, what they would truly need for their work, what's available (either commercially or open source) and what tool developers and researchers focus on. In this talk we will give a couple of examples of this mismatch. Several surveys and anecdotal evidence show that most practitioners work most of the time (at least in the modeling phase) with datasets that t in the RAM of a single server, therefore distributed computing tools are very of- ten overkill. Our benchmarks (available on github [1]) of the most widely used open source tools for binary classification (various implementations of algorithms such as linear methods, random forests, gradient boosted trees and neural networks) on such data show over 10x speed and over 10x RAM usage difference between various tools, with "big data" tools being the most inefficient. Significant performance gains have been obtained by those tools that incorporate various low-level (close to CPU and memory architecture) optimizations. Nevertheless, we will show that even the best tools show degrading performance on the multi-socket servers featuring a high number of cores, systems that have become widely accessible more recently. Finally, while most of this talk is about performance, we will also argue that machine learning tools that feature high-level easy-to-use APIs provide increasing productivity for practitioners and therefore are preferable.	Machine Learning Software in Practice: Quo Vadis?	NA	2017
Rajesh Parekh	The majority of the experiences and interactions people have on Facebook today are made possible with AI. Well over 1 billion people enjoy unique, personalized experiences on Facebook that are powered by a wealth of AI and machine learning algorithms. AI is an incredibly fast-moving field: engineers and researchers across the company are turning the latest research breakthroughs into tools, platforms, and infrastructure that make it possible for anyone at Facebook to use AI in the experiences and products they build. This talk will look at how Facebook is conducting and applying industry-leading research to help drive advancements in AI disciplines like computer vision, language understanding, speech and video. We will also talk about building an infrastructure that anyone at Facebook can use to easily reuse algorithms in different products, scale to run thousands of simultaneous custom experiments, and give concrete examples of how employees across the company are able to leverage these platforms to build new AI products and services.	Designing AI at Scale to Power Everyday Life	NA	2017
David Potere	Thanks to a diverse constellation of Earth observing satellites, humanity is effectively looking everywhere, at everything, all the time. And we've been quietly doing so for a long time. The challenge is that for many years these massive data archives have been stranded from operational, cloud-based, modern data science. That is changing fast. In this session we'll do a rapid primer on satellite imagery as a source of novel data about our Earth and discuss how machine learning is a key force for translating all of this Earth data into real insights. We'll use the global agriculture system as a case in point, highlighting some of potential that a spaceborne perspective brings to this vital sector of the economy. Along the way, we will explore some of the beautiful imagery of our home planet that fuels this new class of insights.	Spaceborne Data Enters the Mainstream	NA	2017
Usama M. Fayyad:Arno Candel:Eduardo AriÃƒÂ±o de la Rubia:SzilÃƒÂ¡rd Pafka:Anthony Chong:Jeong-Yoon Lee	This panel aims to address areas that are widely acknowledged to be of critical importance to the success of Data Science projects and to the healthy growth of KDD/Data Science as a field of scientific research. However, despite this acknowledgement of their criticality, these areas receive insufficient attention in the major conferences in the field. Furthermore, there is a lack of actual actions and tools to address these areas in actual practice. These areas are summarized as follows: 1. Ask any data scientist or machine learning practitioner what they spend the majority of their time working on, and you will most likely get an answer that indicates that 80% to 90% of their time is spent on "Data Chasing", "Data Sourcing", "Data Wrangling", "Data Cleaning" and generally what researchers would refer to-often dismissively-as "Data Preparation". The process of producing statistical or data mining models from data is typically "messy" and certainly lacks management tools to help manage, replicate, reconstruct, and capture all the knowledge that goes in 90% of activities of a Data Scientists. The intensive Data Engineering work that goes into exploring and determining the representation of problem and the significant amount of "data cleaning" that ensues creates a plethora of extracts, files, and many artifacts that are only meaningful to the data scientist. 2. The severe lack of Benchmarks in the field, especially ones at big data scale is an impediment to true, objective, measurable progress on performance. The results of each paper are highly dependent on the large degree of freedom an author has on configuring competitive models and on determining which data sets to use (often Data that is not available to others to replicate results on) 3. Monitoring the health of models in production, and deploying models into production environments efficiently and effectively is a black art and often an ignored area. Many models are effectively "orphans" with no means of getting appropriate health monitoring. The task of deploying a built model to production is frequently beyond the capabilities of a Data Scientists and the understanding of the IT team.	Benchmarks and Process Management in Data Science: Will We Ever Get Over the Mess?	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Muthu Muthukrishnan:Andrew Tomkins:Larry Heck:Alborz Geramifard:Deepak Agarwal	Artificial Intelligence has been present in literature at least since the ancient Greeks. Depictions present a wide range of perspectives of AI ranging from malefic overlords to depressive androids. Perhaps the most common recurring theme is the AI Assistant: C3PO from Star Wars; the Jetson's Rosie the Robot; the benign hyper-efficient Minds of Iain M. Banks's Culture novels; the eerie HAL 9000 of Arthur C. Clarke's 2001: A Space Odyssey. Today, artificially intelligent assistants are actual products in the marketplace, based on startling recent progress in technologies like speaker-independent speech recognition. These products are in their infancy, but are improving rapidly. In this panel, we will address the product and technology landscape, and will ask a series of experts in the field plus the members of the audience to take a stance on what the future of artificially intelligent assistants will look like.	The Future of Artificially Intelligent Assistants	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Elaine Angelino:Nicholas Larus-Stone:Daniel Alabi:Margo Seltzer:Cynthia Rudin	We present the design and implementation of a custom discrete optimization technique for building rule lists over a categorical feature space. Our algorithm provides the optimal solution, with a certificate of optimality. By leveraging algorithmic bounds, efficient data structures, and computational reuse, we achieve several orders of magnitude speedup in time and a massive reduction of memory consumption. We demonstrate that our approach produces optimal rule lists on practical problems in seconds. This framework is a novel alternative to CART and other decision tree methods.	Learning Certifiably Optimal Rule Lists	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Chen Avin:Zvi Lotker:Yinon Nahum:David Peleg	Consider a random preferential attachment model G(p) for network evolution that allows both node and edge arrivals. Starting with an arbitrary nonempty graph G0, at each time step, there are two possible events: with probability p > 0 a new node arrives and a new edge is added between the new node and an existing node, and with probability 1 - p a new edge is added between two existing nodes. In both cases, the involved existing nodes are chosen at random according to preferential attachment, i.e., with probability proportional to their degree. G(p) is known to generate power law networks, i.e., the fraction of nodes with degree k is proportional to k-ÃŽÂ². Here ÃŽÂ²=(4-p)/(2-p) is in the range (2,3]. Denoting the number of nodes of degree k at time t by mk,t, we significantly improve some long-standing results. In particular, we show that mk,t is concentrated around its mean with a deviation of O(Ã¢ÂˆÂšt), which is independent of k. We also tightly bound the expectation Emk,t with an additive error of O(1/k), which is independent of t. These new bounds allow us to tightly estimate mk,t for a considerably larger k values than before. This, in turn, enables us to estimate other important quantities, e.g., the size of the k-rich club, namely, the set of all nodes with a degree at least k. Finally, we introduce a new generalized model, G(pt, rt, qt), which extends G(p) by allowing also time-varying probabilities for node and edge arrivals, as well as the formation of new components. We show that the extended model can produce power law networks with any exponent ÃŽÂ² in the range (1,Ã¢ÂˆÂž). Furthermore, the concentration bounds established for mk,t in G(p) also apply in G(pt, rt, qt).	Improved Degree Bounds and Full Spectrum Power Laws in Preferential Attachment Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Zilong Bai:Peter Walker:Anna Tschiffely:Fei Wang:Ian Davidson	A common problem with spatiotemporal data is how to simplify the data to discover an underlying network that consists of cohesive spatial regions (nodes) and relationships between those regions (edges). This network discovery problem naturally exists in a multitude of domains including climate data (dipoles), astronomical data (gravitational lensing) and the focus of this paper, fMRI scans of human subjects. Whereas previous work requires strong supervision, we propose an unsupervised matrix tri-factorization formulation with complex constraints and spatial regularization. We show that this formulation works well in controlled experiments with synthetic networks and is able to recover the underlying ground-truth network. We then show that for real fMRI data our approach can reproduce well known results in neurology regarding the default mode network in resting-state healthy and Alzheimer affected individuals.	Unsupervised Network Discovery for Brain Imaging Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Inci M. Baytas:Cao Xiao:Xi Zhang:Fei Wang:Anil K. Jain:Jiayu Zhou	In the study of various diseases, heterogeneity among patients usually leads to different progression patterns and may require different types of therapeutic intervention. Therefore, it is important to study patient subtyping, which is grouping of patients into disease characterizing subtypes. Subtyping from complex patient data is challenging because of the information heterogeneity and temporal dynamics. Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM) has been successfully used in many domains for processing sequential data, and recently applied for analyzing longitudinal patient records. The LSTM units are designed to handle data with constant elapsed times between consecutive elements of a sequence. Given that time lapse between successive elements in patient records can vary from days to months, the design of traditional LSTM may lead to suboptimal performance. In this paper, we propose a novel LSTM unit called Time-Aware LSTM (T-LSTM) to handle irregular time intervals in longitudinal patient records. We learn a subspace decomposition of the cell memory which enables time decay to discount the memory content according to the elapsed time. We propose a patient subtyping model that leverages the proposed T-LSTM in an auto-encoder to learn a powerful single representation for sequential records of patients, which are then used to cluster patients into clinical subtypes. Experiments on synthetic and real world datasets show that the proposed T-LSTM architecture captures the underlying structures in the sequences with time irregularities.	Patient Subtyping via Time-Aware LSTM Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Xiaojun Chang:Yao-Liang Yu:Yi Yang	Classification problems with a large number of classes inevitably involve overlapping or similar classes. In such cases it seems reasonable to allow the learning algorithm to make mistakes on similar classes, as long as the true class is still among the top-k (say) predictions. Likewise, in applications such as search engine or ad display, we are allowed to present k predictions at a time and the customer would be satisfied as long as her interested prediction is included. Inspired by the recent work of [15], we propose a very generic, robust multiclass SVM formulation that directly aims at minimizing a weighted and truncated combination of the ordered prediction scores. Our method includes many previous works as special cases. Computationally, using the Jordan decomposition Lemma we show how to rewrite our objective as the difference of two convex functions, based on which we develop an efficient algorithm that allows incorporating many popular regularizers (such as the l2 and l1 norms). We conduct extensive experiments on four real large-scale visual category recognition datasets, and obtain very promising performances.	Robust Top-k Multiclass SVM for Visual Category Recognition	NA:NA:NA	2017
Yu Chen:Mohammed J. Zaki	Autoencoders have been successful in learning meaningful representations from image datasets. However, their performance on text datasets has not been widely studied. Traditional autoencoders tend to learn possibly trivial representations of text documents due to their confoundin properties such as high-dimensionality, sparsity and power-law word distributions. In this paper, we propose a novel k-competitive autoencoder, called KATE, for text documents. Due to the competition between the neurons in the hidden layer, each neuron becomes specialized in recognizing specific data patterns, and overall the model can learn meaningful representations of textual data. A comprehensive set of experiments show that KATE can learn better representations than traditional autoencoders including denoising, contractive, variational, and k-sparse autoencoders. Our model also outperforms deep generative models, probabilistic topic models, and even word representation models (e.g., Word2Vec) in terms of several downstream tasks such as document classification, regression, and retrieval.	KATE: K-Competitive Autoencoder for Text	NA:NA	2017
Reuven Cohen:Liran Katzir:Aviv Yehezkel	In recent years there has been a growing interest in developing "streaming algorithms" for efficient processing and querying of continuous data streams. These algorithms seek to provide accurate results while minimizing the required storage and the processing time, at the price of a small inaccuracy in their output. A fundamental query of interest is the intersection size of two big data streams. This problem arises in many different application areas, such as network monitoring, database systems, data integration and information retrieval. In this paper we develop a new algorithm for this problem, based on the Maximum Likelihood (ML) method. We show that this algorithm outperforms all known schemes in terms of the estimation's quality (lower variance) and that it asymptotically achieves the optimal variance.	A Minimal Variance Estimator for the Cardinality of Big Data Set Intersection	NA:NA:NA	2017
Edith Cohen	One of the most common statistics computed over data elements is the number of distinct keys. A thread of research pioneered by Flajolet and Martin three decades ago culminated in the design of optimal approximate counting sketches, which have size that is double logarithmic in the number of distinct keys and provide estimates with a small relative error. Moreover, the sketches are composable, and thus suitable for streamed, parallel, or distributed computation. We consider here all statistics of the frequency distribution of keys, where a contribution of a key to the aggregate is concave and grows (sub)linearly with its frequency. These fundamental aggregations are very common in text, graphs, and logs analysis and include logarithms, low frequency moments, and cap statistics. We design composable sketches of double-logarithmic size for all concave sublinear statistics. Our design combines theoretical optimality and practical simplicity. In a nutshell, we specify tailored mapping functions of data elements to output elements so that our target statistics on the data elements is approximated by the (max-) distinct statistics of the output elements, which can be approximated using off-the-shelf sketches. Our key insight is relating these target statistics to the complement Laplace transform of the input frequencies.	HyperLogLog Hyperextended: Sketches for Concave Sublinear Frequency Statistics	NA	2017
Alessio Conte:Donatella Firmani:Caterina Mordente:Maurizio Patrignani:Riccardo Torlone	K-plexes are a formal yet flexible way of defining communities in networks. They generalize the notion of cliques and are more appropriate in most real cases: while a node of a clique C is connected to all other nodes of C, a node of a k-plex may miss up to k connections. Unfortunately, computing all maximal k-plexes is a gruesome task and state-of-the-art algorithms can only process small-size networks. In this paper we propose a new approach for enumerating large k-plexes in networks that speeds up the search by several orders of magnitude, leveraging on (i) methods for strongly reducing the search space and (ii) efficient techniques for the computation of maximal cliques. Several experiments show that our strategy is effective and is able to increase the size of the networks for which the computation of large k-plexes is feasible from a few hundred to several hundred thousand nodes.	Fast Enumeration of Large k-Plexes	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Hoang Anh Dau:Eamonn Keogh	Time series motif discovery has emerged as perhaps the most used primitive for time series data mining, and has seen applications to domains as diverse as robotics, medicine and climatology. There has been recent significant progress on the scalability of motif discovery. However, we believe that the current definitions of motif discovery are limited, and can create a mismatch between the user's intent/expectations, and the motif discovery search outcomes. In this work, we explain the reasons behind these issues, and introduce a novel and general framework to address them. Our ideas can be used with current state-of-the-art algorithms with virtually no time or space overhead, and are fast enough to allow real-time interaction and hypotheses testing on massive datasets. We demonstrate the utility of our ideas on domains as diverse as seismology and epileptic seizure monitoring.	Matrix Profile V: A Generic Technique to Incorporate Domain Knowledge into Motif Discovery	NA:NA	2017
Yuxiao Dong:Nitesh V. Chawla:Ananthram Swami	We study the problem of representation learning in heterogeneous networks. Its unique challenges come from the existence of multiple types of nodes and links, which limit the feasibility of the conventional network embedding techniques. We develop two scalable representation learning models, namely metapath2vec and metapath2vec++. The metapath2vec model formalizes meta-path-based random walks to construct the heterogeneous neighborhood of a node and then leverages a heterogeneous skip-gram model to perform node embeddings. The metapath2vec++ model further enables the simultaneous modeling of structural and semantic correlations in heterogeneous networks. Extensive experiments show that metapath2vec and metapath2vec++ are able to not only outperform state-of-the-art embedding models in various heterogeneous network mining tasks, such as node classification, clustering, and similarity search, but also discern the structural and semantic correlations between diverse network objects.	metapath2vec: Scalable Representation Learning for Heterogeneous Networks	NA:NA:NA	2017
Alessandro Epasto:Silvio Lattanzi:Renato Paes Leme	We propose ego-splitting, a new framework for detecting clusters in complex networks which leverage the local structures known as ego-nets (i.e. the subgraph induced by the neighborhood of each node) to de-couple overlapping clusters. Ego-splitting is a highly scalable and flexible framework, with provable theoretical guarantees, that reduces the complex overlapping clustering problem to a simpler and more amenable non-overlapping (partitioning) problem. We can scale community detection to graphs with tens of billions of edges and outperform previous solutions based on ego-nets analysis. More precisely, our framework works in two steps: a local ego-net analysis phase, and a global graph partitioning phase. In the local step, we first partition the nodes' ego-nets using a partitioning algorithm. We then use the computed clusters to split each node into its persona nodes that represent the instantiations of the node in its communities. Finally, in the global step, we partition the newly created graph to obtain an overlapping clustering of the original graph.	Ego-Splitting Framework: from Non-Overlapping to Overlapping Clusters	NA:NA:NA	2017
Ian Fox:Lynn Ang:Mamta Jaiswal:Rodica Pop-Busui:Jenna Wiens	Motifs are a powerful tool for analyzing physiological waveform data. Standard motif methods, however, ignore important contextual information (e.g., what the patient was doing at the time the data were collected). We hypothesize that these additional contextual data could increase the utility of motifs. Thus, we propose an extension to motifs, contextual motifs, that incorporates context. Recognizing that, oftentimes, context may be unobserved or unavailable, we focus on methods to jointly infer motifs and context. Applied to both simulated and real physiological data, our proposed approach improves upon existing motif methods in terms of the discriminative utility of the discovered motifs. In particular, we discovered contextual motifs in continuous glucose monitor (CGM) data collected from patients with type 1 diabetes. Compared to their contextless counterparts, these contextual motifs led to better predictions of hypo- and hyperglycemic events. Our results suggest that even when inferred, context is useful in both a long- and short-term prediction horizon when processing and interpreting physiological waveform data.	Contextual Motifs: Increasing the Utility of Motifs using Contextual Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Yanjie Fu:Guannan Liu:Mingfei Teng:Charu Aggarwal	Due to the sparseness of quality rating data, unsupervised recommender systems are used in many applications in Peer to Peer (P2P) rental marketplaces such as Airbnb, FlipKey, and HomeAway. We present an integer programming based recommender systems, where both accommodation benefits and community risks of lodging places are measured and incorporated into an objective function as utility measurements. More specifically, we first present an unsupervised fused scoring method for quantifying the accommodation benefits and community risks of a lodging with crowd-sourced geo-tagged data. In order to the utility of recommendations, we formulate the unsupervised P2P rental recommendations as a constrained integer programming problem, where the accommodation benefits of recommendations are maximized and the community risks of recommendations are minimized, while maintaining constraints on personalization. Furthermore, we provide an efficient solution for the optimization problem by developing a learning-to-integer-programming method for combining aggregated listwise learning to rank into branching variable selection. We apply the proposed approach to the Airbnb data of New York City and provide lodging recommendations to travelers. In our empirical experiments, we demonstrate both the efficiency and effectiveness of our method in terms of striving a trade-off between the user satisfaction, time on market, and the number of reviews, and achieving a balance between positive and negative sides.	Unsupervised P2P Rental Recommendations via Integer Programming	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Yupeng Gu:Yizhou Sun:Jianxi Gao	Almost all real-world social networks are dynamic and evolving with time, where new links may form and old links may drop, largely determined by the homophily of social actors (i.e., nodes in the network). Meanwhile, (latent) properties of social actors, such as their opinions, are changing along the time, partially due to social influence received from the network, which will in turn affect the network structure. Social network evolution and node property migration are usually treated as two orthogonal problems, and have been studied separately. In this paper, we propose a co-evolution model that closes the loop by modeling the two phenomena together, which contains two major components: (1) a network generative model when the node property is known; and (2) a property migration model when the social network structure is known. Simulation shows that our model has several nice properties: (1) it can model a broad range of phenomena such as opinion convergence (i.e., herding) and community-based opinion divergence; and (2) it allows to control the evolution via a set of factors such as social influence scope, opinion leader, and noise level. Finally, the usefulness of our model is demonstrated by an application of co-sponsorship prediction for legislative bills in Congress, which outperforms several state-of-the-art baselines.	The Co-Evolution Model for Social Network Evolving and Opinion Migration	NA:NA:NA	2017
Bin Gu:Guodong Liu:Heng Huang	Feature selection is one of the most important data mining research topics with many applications. In practical problems, features often have group structure to effect the outcomes. Thus, it is crucial to automatically identify homogenous groups of features for high-dimensional data analysis. Octagonal shrinkage and clustering algorithm for regression (OSCAR) is an important sparse regression approach with automatic feature grouping and selection by Ã¢Â„Â“1 norm and pairwise Ã¢Â„Â“Ã¢ÂˆÂž norm. However, due to over-complex representation of the penalty (especially the pairwise Ã¢Â„Â“Ã¢ÂˆÂž norm), so far OSCAR has no solution path algorithm which is mostly useful for tuning the model. To address this challenge, in this paper, we propose a groups-keeping solution path algorithm to solve the OSCAR model (OscarGKPath). Given a set of homogenous groups of features and an accuracy bound ÃŽÂµ, OscarGKPath can fit the solutions in an interval of regularization parameters while keeping the feature groups. The entire solution path can be obtained by combining multiple such intervals. We prove that all solutions in the solution path produced by OscarGKPath can strictly satisfy the given accuracy bound ÃŽÂµ. The experimental results on benchmark datasets not only confirm the effectiveness of our OscarGKPath algorithm, but also show the superiority of our OscarGKPath in cross validation compared with the existing batch algorithm.	Groups-Keeping Solution Path Algorithm for Sparse Regression with Automatic Feature Grouping	NA:NA:NA	2017
Riccardo Guidotti:Anna Monreale:Mirco Nanni:Fosca Giannotti:Dino Pedreschi	Mining a large number of datasets recording human activities for making sense of individual data is the key enabler of a new wave of personalized knowledge-based services. In this paper we focus on the problem of clustering individual transactional data for a large mass of users. Transactional data is a very pervasive kind of information that is collected by several services, often involving huge pools of users. We propose txmeans, a parameter-free clustering algorithm able to efficiently partitioning transactional data in a completely automatic way. Txmeans is designed for the case where clustering must be applied on a massive number of different datasets, for instance when a large set of users need to be analyzed individually and each of them has generated a long history of transactions. A deep experimentation on both real and synthetic datasets shows the practical effectiveness of txmeans for the mass clustering of different personal datasets, and suggests that txmeans outperforms existing methods in terms of quality and efficiency. Finally, we present a personal cart assistant application based on txmeans	Clustering Individual Transactional Data for Masses of Users	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
David Hallac:Youngsuk Park:Stephen Boyd:Jure Leskovec	Many important problems can be modeled as a system of interconnected entities, where each entity is recording time-dependent observations or measurements. In order to spot trends, detect anomalies, and interpret the temporal dynamics of such data, it is essential to understand the relationships between the different entities and how these relationships evolve over time. In this paper, we introduce the time-varying graphical lasso (TVGL), a method of inferring time-varying networks from raw time series data. We cast the problem in terms of estimating a sparse time-varying inverse covariance matrix, which reveals a dynamic network of interdependencies between the entities. Since dynamic network inference is a computationally expensive task, we derive a scalable message-passing algorithm based on the Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM) to solve this problem in an efficient way. We also discuss several extensions, including a streaming algorithm to update the model and incorporate new observations in real time. Finally, we evaluate our TVGL algorithm on both real and synthetic datasets, obtaining interpretable results and outperforming state-of-the-art baselines in terms of both accuracy and scalability.	Network Inference via the Time-Varying Graphical Lasso	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
David Hallac:Sagar Vare:Stephen Boyd:Jure Leskovec	Subsequence clustering of multivariate time series is a useful tool for discovering repeated patterns in temporal data. Once these patterns have been discovered, seemingly complicated datasets can be interpreted as a temporal sequence of only a small number of states, or clusters. For example, raw sensor data from a fitness-tracking application can be expressed as a timeline of a select few actions (i.e., walking, sitting, running). However, discovering these patterns is challenging because it requires simultaneous segmentation and clustering of the time series. Furthermore, interpreting the resulting clusters is difficult, especially when the data is high-dimensional. Here we propose a new method of model-based clustering, which we call Toeplitz Inverse Covariance-based Clustering (TICC). Each cluster in the TICC method is defined by a correlation network, or Markov random field (MRF), characterizing the interdependencies between different observations in a typical subsequence of that cluster. Based on this graphical representation, TICC simultaneously segments and clusters the time series data. We solve the TICC problem through alternating minimization, using a variation of the expectation maximization (EM) algorithm. We derive closed-form solutions to efficiently solve the two resulting subproblems in a scalable way, through dynamic programming and the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM), respectively. We validate our approach by comparing TICC to several state-of-the-art baselines in a series of synthetic experiments, and we then demonstrate on an automobile sensor dataset how TICC can be used to learn interpretable clusters in real-world scenarios.	Toeplitz Inverse Covariance-Based Clustering of Multivariate Time Series Data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Junxian He:Zhiting Hu:Taylor Berg-Kirkpatrick:Ying Huang:Eric P. Xing	Correlated topic modeling has been limited to small model and problem sizes due to their high computational cost and poor scaling. In this paper, we propose a new model which learns compact topic embeddings and captures topic correlations through the closeness between the topic vectors. Our method enables efficient inference in the low-dimensional embedding space, reducing previous cubic or quadratic time complexity to linear w.r.t the topic size. We further speedup variational inference with a fast sampler to exploit sparsity of topic occurrence. Extensive experiments show that our approach is capable of handling model and data scales which are several orders of magnitude larger than existing correlation results, without sacrificing modeling quality by providing competitive or superior performance in document classification and retrieval.	Efficient Correlated Topic Modeling with Topic Embedding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Tom Hope:Joel Chan:Aniket Kittur:Dafna Shahaf	The availability of large idea repositories (e.g., the U.S. patent database) could significantly accelerate innovation and discovery by providing people with inspiration from solutions to analogous problems. However, finding useful analogies in these large, messy, real-world repositories remains a persistent challenge for either human or automated methods. Previous approaches include costly hand-created databases that have high relational structure (e.g., predicate calculus representations) but are very sparse. Simpler machine-learning/information-retrieval similarity metrics can scale to large, natural-language datasets, but struggle to account for structural similarity, which is central to analogy. In this paper we explore the viability and value of learning simpler structural representations, specifically, "problem schemas", which specify the purpose of a product and the mechanisms by which it achieves that purpose. Our approach combines crowdsourcing and recurrent neural networks to extract purpose and mechanism vector representations from product descriptions. We demonstrate that these learned vectors allow us to find analogies with higher precision and recall than traditional information-retrieval methods. In an ideation experiment, analogies retrieved by our models significantly increased people's likelihood of generating creative ideas compared to analogies retrieved by traditional methods. Our results suggest a promising approach to enabling computational analogy at scale is to learn and leverage weaker structural representations.	Accelerating Innovation Through Analogy Mining	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Cho-Jui Hsieh:Si Si:Inderjit S. Dhillon	Nonlinear kernel machines often yield superior predictive performance on various tasks; however, they suffer from severe computational challenges. In this paper, we show how to overcome the important challenge of speeding up kernel machines using multiple computers. In particular, we develop a parallel block minimization framework, and demonstrate its good scalability in solving nonlinear kernel SVM and logistic regression. Our framework proceeds by dividing the problem into smaller subproblems by forming a block-diagonal approximation of the Hessian matrix. The subproblems are then solved approximately in parallel. After that, a communication efficient line search procedure is developed to ensure sufficient reduction of the objective function value by exploiting the problem structure of kernel machines. We prove global linear convergence rate of the proposed method with a wide class of subproblem solvers, and our analysis covers strongly convex and some non-strongly convex functions. We apply our algorithm to solve large-scale kernel SVM problems on distributed systems, and show a significant improvement over existing parallel solvers. As an example, on the covtype dataset with half-a-million samples, our algorithm can obtain an approximate solution with 96% accuracy in 20 seconds using 32 machines, while all the other parallel kernel SVM solvers require more than 2000 seconds to achieve a solution with 95% accuracy. Moreover, our algorithm is the first distributed kernel SVM solver that can scale to massive data sets. On the KDDB dataset (20 million samples and 30 million features), our parallel solver can compute the kernel SVM solution within half an hour using 32 machines with 640 cores in total, while existing solvers can not scale to this dataset.	Communication-Efficient Distributed Block Minimization for Nonlinear Kernel Machines	NA:NA:NA	2017
Ari Kobren:Nicholas Monath:Akshay Krishnamurthy:Andrew McCallum	Many modern clustering methods scale well to a large number of data points, N, but not to a large number of clusters, K. This paper introduces PERCH, a new non-greedy, incremental algorithm for hierarchical clustering that scales to both massive N and K---a problem setting we term extreme clustering. Our algorithm efficiently routes new data points to the leaves of an incrementally-built tree. Motivated by the desire for both accuracy and speed, our approach performs tree rotations for the sake of enhancing subtree purity and encouraging balancedness. We prove that, under a natural separability assumption, our non-greedy algorithm will produce trees with perfect dendrogram purity regardless of data arrival order. Our experiments demonstrate that PERCH constructs more accurate trees than other tree-building clustering algorithms and scales well with both N and K, achieving a higher quality clustering than the strongest flat clustering competitor in nearly half the time.	A Hierarchical Algorithm for Extreme Clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Kun Kuang:Peng Cui:Bo Li:Meng Jiang:Shiqiang Yang	Estimating treatment effect plays an important role on decision making in many fields, such as social marketing, healthcare, and public policy. The key challenge on estimating treatment effect in the wild observational studies is to handle confounding bias induced by imbalance of the confounder distributions between treated and control units. Traditional methods remove confounding bias by re-weighting units with supposedly accurate propensity score estimation under the unconfoundedness assumption. Controlling high-dimensional variables may make the unconfoundedness assumption more plausible, but poses new challenge on accurate propensity score estimation. One strand of recent literature seeks to directly optimize weights to balance confounder distributions, bypassing propensity score estimation. But existing balancing methods fail to do selection and differentiation among the pool of a large number of potential confounders, leading to possible underperformance in many high dimensional settings. In this paper, we propose a data-driven Differentiated Confounder Balancing (DCB) algorithm to jointly select confounders, differentiate weights of confounders and balance confounder distributions for treatment effect estimation in the wild high dimensional settings. The synergistic learning algorithm we proposed is more capable of reducing the confounding bias in many observational studies. To validate the effectiveness of our DCB algorithm, we conduct extensive experiments on both synthetic and real datasets. The experimental results clearly demonstrate that our DCB algorithm outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. We further show that the top features ranked by our algorithm generate accurate prediction of online advertising effect.	Estimating Treatment Effect in the Wild via Differentiated Confounder Balancing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Himabindu Lakkaraju:Jon Kleinberg:Jure Leskovec:Jens Ludwig:Sendhil Mullainathan	Evaluating whether machines improve on human performance is one of the central questions of machine learning. However, there are many domains where the data is selectively labeled, in the sense that the observed outcomes are themselves a consequence of the existing choices of the human decision-makers. For instance, in the context of judicial bail decisions, we observe the outcome of whether a defendant fails to return for their court appearance only if the human judge decides to release the defendant on bail. This selective labeling makes it harder to evaluate predictive models as the instances for which outcomes are observed do not represent a random sample of the population. Here we propose a novel framework for evaluating the performance of predictive models on selectively labeled data. We develop an approach called contraction which allows us to compare the performance of predictive models and human decision-makers without resorting to counterfactual inference. Our methodology harnesses the heterogeneity of human decision-makers and facilitates effective evaluation of predictive models even in the presence of unmeasured confounders (unobservables) which influence both human decisions and the resulting outcomes. Experimental results on real world datasets spanning diverse domains such as health care, insurance, and criminal justice demonstrate the utility of our evaluation metric in comparing human decisions and machine predictions.	The Selective Labels Problem: Evaluating Algorithmic Predictions in the Presence of Unobservables	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Xiaoli Li:Jun Huan	Developing transparent predictive analytics has attracted significant research attention recently. There have been multiple theories on how to model learning transparency but none of them aims to understand the internal and often complicated modeling processes. In this paper we adopt a contemporary philosophical concept called "constructivism", which is a theory regarding how human learns. We hypothesize that a critical aspect of transparent machine learning is to "reveal" model construction with two key process: (1) the assimilation process where we enhance our existing learning models and (2) the accommodation process where we create new learning models. With this intuition we propose a new learning paradigm, constructivism learning, using a Bayesian nonparametric model to dynamically handle the creation of new learning tasks. Our empirical study on both synthetic and real data sets demonstrate that the new learning algorithm is capable of delivering higher quality models (as compared to base lines and state-of-the-art) and at the same time increasing the transparency of the learning process.	Constructivism Learning: A Learning Paradigm for Transparent Predictive Analytics	NA:NA	2017
Liangyue Li:Hanghang Tong:Yong Wang:Conglei Shi:Nan Cao:Norbou Buchler	The PART-WHOLE relationship routinely finds itself in many disciplines, ranging from collaborative teams, crowdsourcing, autonomous systems to networked systems. From the algorithmic perspective, the existing work has primarily focused on predicting the outcomes of the whole and parts, by either separate models or linear joint models, which assume the outcome of the parts has a linear and independent effect on the outcome of the whole. In this paper, we propose a joint predictive method named PAROLE to simultaneously and mutually predict the part and whole outcomes. The proposed method offers two distinct advantages over the existing work. First (Model Generality), we formulate joint PART-WHOLE outcome prediction as a generic optimization problem, which is able to encode a variety of complex relationships between the outcome of the whole and parts, beyond the linear independence assumption. Second (Algorithm Efficacy), we propose an effective and efficient block coordinate descent algorithm, which is able to find the coordinate-wise optimum with a linear complexity in both time and space. Extensive empirical evaluations on real-world datasets demonstrate that the proposed PAROLE (1) leads to consistent prediction performance improvement by modeling the non-linear part-whole relationship as well as part-part interdependency, and (2) scales linearly in terms of the size of the training dataset.	Is the Whole Greater Than the Sum of Its Parts?	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Xiaopeng Li:James She	Modern recommender systems usually employ collaborative filtering with rating information to recommend items to users due to its successful performance. However, because of the drawbacks of collaborative-based methods such as sparsity, cold start, etc., more attention has been drawn to hybrid methods that consider both the rating and content information. Most of the previous works in this area cannot learn a good representation from content for recommendation task or consider only text modality of the content, thus their methods are very limited in current multimedia scenario. This paper proposes a Bayesian generative model called collaborative variational autoencoder (CVAE) that considers both rating and content for recommendation in multimedia scenario. The model learns deep latent representations from content data in an unsupervised manner and also learns implicit relationships between items and users from both content and rating. Unlike previous works with denoising criteria, the proposed CVAE learns a latent distribution for content in latent space instead of observation space through an inference network and can be easily extended to other multimedia modalities other than text. Experiments show that CVAE is able to significantly outperform the state-of-the-art recommendation methods with more robust performance.	Collaborative Variational Autoencoder for Recommender Systems	NA:NA	2017
Ping Li	The method of "random Fourier features (RFF)" has become a popular tool for approximating the "radial basis function (RBF)" kernel. The variance of RFF is actually large. Interestingly, the variance can be substantially reduced by a simple normalization step as we theoretically demonstrate. We name the improved scheme as the "normalized RFF (NRFF)", and we provide a technical proof of the asymptotic variance of NRFF, as validated by simulations. We also propose the "generalized min-max (GMM)" kernel as a measure of data similarity, where data vectors can have both positive and negative entries. GMM is positive definite as there is an associate hashing method named "generalized consistent weighted sampling (GCWS)" which linearizes this (nonlinear) kernel. We provide an extensive empirical evaluation of the RBF and GMM kernels on more than 50 datasets. For a majority of the datasets, the (tuning-free) GMM kernel outperforms the best-tuned RBF kernel. We then conduct extensive classification experiments for comparing the linearized RBF kernel using NRFF with the linearized GMM kernel using GCWS. We observe that, in order to reach a similar accuracy, GCWS typically requires substantially fewer samples than NRFF, even on datasets where the original RBF kernel outperforms the original GMM kernel. As the training, storage, and processing costs are directly proportional to the sample size, our experiments can help demonstrate that GCWS would be a more practical scheme for large-scale machine learning applications. The empirical success of GCWS (compared to NRFF) can also be explained theoretically, from at least two aspects. Firstly, the relative variance (normalized by the squared expectation) of GCWS is substantially smaller than that of NRFF, except for the very high similarity region (where the variances of both methods approach zero). Secondly, if we are allowed to make a general model assumption on the data, then we can show analytically that GCWS exhibits much smaller variance than NRFF for estimating the same object (e.g., the RBF kernel), except for the very high similarity region.	Linearized GMM Kernels and Normalized Random Fourier Features	NA	2017
Defu Lian:Rui Liu:Yong Ge:Kai Zheng:Xing Xie:Longbing Cao	Precisely recommending relevant items from massive candidates to a large number of users is an indispensable yet computationally expensive task in many online platforms (e.g., Amazon.com and Netflix.com). A promising way is to project users and items into a Hamming space and then recommend items via Hamming distance. However, previous studies didn't address the cold-start challenges and couldn't make the best use of preference data like implicit feedback. To fill this gap, we propose a Discrete Content-aware Matrix Factorization (DCMF) model, 1) to derive compact yet informative binary codes at the presence of user/item content information; 2) to support the classification task based on a local upper bound of logit loss; 3) to introduce an interaction regularization for dealing with the sparsity issue. We further develop an efficient discrete optimization algorithm for parameter learning. Based on extensive experiments on three real-world datasets, we show that DCFM outperforms the state-of-the-arts on both regression and classification tasks.	Discrete Content-aware Matrix Factorization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Junming Liu:Yanjie Fu:Jingci Ming:Yong Ren:Leilei Sun:Hui Xiong	The mobile in-App service analysis, aiming at classifying mobile internet traffic into different types of service usages, has become a challenging and emergent task for mobile service providers due to the increasing adoption of secure protocols for in-App services. While some efforts have been made for the classification of mobile internet traffic, existing methods rely on complex feature construction and large storage cache, which lead to low processing speed, and thus not practical for online real-time scenarios. To this end, we develop an iterative analyzer for classifying encrypted mobile traffic in a real-time way. Specifically, we first select an optimal set of most discriminative features from raw features extracted from traffic packet sequences by a novel Maximizing Inner activity similarity and Minimizing Different activity similarity (MIMD) measurement. To develop the online analyzer, we first represent a traffic flow with a series of time windows, which are described by the optimal feature vector and are updated iteratively at the packet level. Instead of extracting feature elements from a series of raw traffic packets, our feature elements are updated when a new traffic packet is observed and the storage of raw traffic packets is not required. The time windows generated from the same service usage activity are grouped by our proposed method, namely, recursive time continuity constrained KMeans clustering (rCKC). The feature vectors of cluster centers are then fed into a random forest classifier to identify corresponding service usages. Finally, we provide extensive experiments on real-world Internet traffic data from Wechat, Whatsapp, and Facebook to demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our approach. The results show that the proposed analyzer provides high accuracy in real-world scenarios, and has low storage cache requirement as well as fast processing speed.	Effective and Real-time In-App Activity Analysis in Encrypted Internet Traffic Streams	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Tingjin Luo:Weizhong Zhang:Shang Qiu:Yang Yang:Dongyun Yi:Guangtao Wang:Jieping Ye:Jie Wang	Functional annotation of human genes is fundamentally important for understanding the molecular basis of various genetic diseases. A major challenge in determining the functions of human genes lies in the functional diversity of proteins, that is, a gene can perform different functions as it may consist of multiple protein coding isoforms (PCIs). Therefore, differentiating functions of PCIs can significantly deepen our understanding of the functions of genes. However, due to the lack of isoform-level gold-standards (ground-truth annotation), many existing functional annotation approaches are developed at gene-level. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to differentiate the functions of PCIs by integrating sparse simplex projection---that is, a nonconvex sparsity-inducing regularizer---with the framework of multi-instance learning (MIL). Specifically, we label the genes that are annotated to the function under consideration as positive bags and the genes without the function as negative bags. Then, by sparse projections onto simplex, we learn a mapping that embeds the original bag space to a discriminative feature space. Our framework is flexible to incorporate various smooth and non-smooth loss functions such as logistic loss and hinge loss. To solve the resulting highly nontrivial non-convex and non-smooth optimization problem, we further develop an efficient block coordinate descent algorithm. Extensive experiments on human genome data demonstrate that the proposed approaches significantly outperform the state-of-the-art methods in terms of functional annotation accuracy of human PCIs and efficiency.	Functional Annotation of Human Protein Coding Isoforms via Non-convex Multi-Instance Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Panagiotis Mandros:Mario Boley:Jilles Vreeken	Given a database and a target attribute of interest, how can we tell whether there exists a functional, or approximately functional dependence of the target on any set of other attributes in the data? How can we reliably, without bias to sample size or dimensionality, measure the strength of such a dependence? And, how can we efficiently discover the optimal or ÃŽÂ±-approximate top-k dependencies? These are exactly the questions we answer in this paper. As we want to be agnostic on the form of the dependence, we adopt an information-theoretic approach, and construct a reliable, bias correcting score that can be efficiently computed. Moreover, we give an effective optimistic estimator of this score, by which for the first time we can mine the approximate functional dependencies from data with guarantees of optimality. Empirical evaluation shows that the derived score achieves a good bias for variance trade-off, can be used within an efficient discovery algorithm, and indeed discovers meaningful dependencies. Most important, it remains reliable in the face of data sparsity.	Discovering Reliable Approximate Functional Dependencies	NA:NA:NA	2017
Dominik Mautz:Wei Ye:Claudia Plant:Christian BÃƒÂ¶hm	Is there an optimal dimensionality reduction for k-means, revealing the prominent cluster structure hidden in the data? We propose SUBKMEANS, which extends the classic k-means algorithm. The goal of this algorithm is twofold: find a sufficient k-means-style clustering partition and transform the clusters onto a common subspace, which is optimal for the cluster structure. Our solution is able to pursue these two goals simultaneously. The dimensionality of this subspace is found automatically and therefore the algorithm comes without the burden of additional parameters. At the same time this subspace helps to mitigate the curse of dimensionality. The SUBKMEANS optimization algorithm is intriguingly simple and efficient. It is easy to implement and can readily be adopted to the current situation. Furthermore, it is compatible to many existing extensions and improvements of k-means.	Towards an Optimal Subspace for K-Means	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Ioakeim Perros:Evangelos E. Papalexakis:Fei Wang:Richard Vuduc:Elizabeth Searles:Michael Thompson:Jimeng Sun	In exploratory tensor mining, a common problem is how to analyze a set of variables across a set of subjects whose observations do not align naturally. For example, when modeling medical features across a set of patients, the number and duration of treatments may vary widely in time, meaning there is no meaningful way to align their clinical records across time points for analysis purposes. To handle such data, the state-of-the-art tensor model is the so-called PARAFAC2, which yields interpretable and robust output and can naturally handle sparse data. However, its main limitation up to now has been the lack of efficient algorithms that can handle large-scale datasets. In this work, we fill this gap by developing a scalable method to compute the PARAFAC2 decomposition of large and sparse datasets, called SPARTan. Our method exploits special structure within PARAFAC2, leading to a novel algorithmic reformulation that is both faster (in absolute time) and more memory-efficient than prior work. We evaluate SPARTan on both synthetic and real datasets, showing 22X performance gains over the best previous implementation and also handling larger problem instances for which the baseline fails. Furthermore, we are able to apply SPARTan to the mining of temporally-evolving phenotypes on data taken from real and medically complex pediatric patients. The clinical meaningfulness of the phenotypes identified in this process, as well as their temporal evolution over time for several patients, have been endorsed by clinical experts.	SPARTan: Scalable PARAFAC2 for Large & Sparse Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Leonardo F.R. Ribeiro:Pedro H.P. Saverese:Daniel R. Figueiredo	Structural identity is a concept of symmetry in which network nodes are identified according to the network structure and their relationship to other nodes. Structural identity has been studied in theory and practice over the past decades, but only recently has it been addressed with representational learning techniques. This work presents struc2vec, a novel and flexible framework for learning latent representations for the structural identity of nodes. struc2vec uses a hierarchy to measure node similarity at different scales, and constructs a multilayer graph to encode structural similarities and generate structural context for nodes. Numerical experiments indicate that state-of-the-art techniques for learning node representations fail in capturing stronger notions of structural identity, while struc2vec exhibits much superior performance in this task, as it overcomes limitations of prior approaches. As a consequence, numerical experiments indicate that struc2vec improves performance on classification tasks that depend more on structural identity.	struc2vec: Learning Node Representations from Structural Identity	NA:NA:NA	2017
Saket Sathe:Charu C. Aggarwal	Random forests are among the most successful methods used in data mining because of their extraordinary accuracy and effectiveness. However, their use is primarily limited to multidimensional data because they sample features from the original data set. In this paper, we propose a method for extending random forests to work with any arbitrary set of data objects, as long as similarities can be computed among the data objects. Furthermore, since it is understood that similarity computation between all O(n2) pairs of n objects might be expensive, our method computes only a very small fraction of the O(n2) pairwise similarities between objects to construct the forests. Our results show that the proposed similarity forest approach is very efficient and accurate on a wide variety of data sets. Therefore, this paper significantly extends the applicability of random forest methods to arbitrary data domains. Furthermore, the approach even outperforms traditional random forests on multidimensional data. We show that similarity forests are robust to the noisy similarity values that are ubiquitous in real-world applications. In many practical settings, the similarity values between objects are incompletely specified because of the difficulty in collecting such values. Similarity forests can be used in such cases with straightforward modifications.	Similarity Forests	NA:NA	2017
Parikshit Shah:Akshay Soni:Troy Chevalier	We study the online constrained ranking problem motivated by an application to web-traffic shaping: an online stream of sessions arrive in which, within each session, we are asked to rank items. The challenge involves optimizing the ranking in each session so that local vs. global objectives are controlled: within each session one wishes to maximize a reward (local) while satisfying certain constraints over the entire set of sessions (global). A typical application of this setup is that of page optimization in a web portal. We wish to rank items so that not only is user engagement maximized in each session, but also other business constraints (such as the number of views/clicks delivered to various publishing partners) are satisfied. We describe an online algorithm for performing this optimization. A novel element of our approach is the use of linear programming duality and connections to the celebrated Hungarian algorithm. This framework enables us to determine a set of shadow prices for each traffic-shaping constraint that can then be used directly in the final ranking function to assign near-optimal rankings. The (dual) linear program can be solved off-line periodically to determine the prices. At serving time these prices are used as weights to compute weighted rank-scores for the items, and the simplicity of the approach facilitates scalability to web applications. We provide rigorous theoretical guarantees for the performance of our online algorithm and validate our approach using numerical experiments on real web-traffic data from a prominent internet portal.	Online Ranking with Constraints: A Primal-Dual Algorithm and Applications to Web Traffic-Shaping	NA:NA:NA	2017
Chih-Ya Shen:Liang-Hao Huang:De-Nian Yang:Hong-Han Shuai:Wang-Chien Lee:Ming-Syan Chen	Existing research on finding social groups mostly focuses on dense subgraphs in social networks. However, finding socially tenuous groups also has many important applications. In this paper, we introduce the notion of k-triangles to measure the tenuity of a group. We then formulate a new research problem, Minimum k-Triangle Disconnected Group (MkTG), to find a socially tenuous group from online social networks. We prove that MkTG is NP-Hard and inapproximable within any ratio in arbitrary graphs but polynomial-time tractable in threshold graphs. Two algorithms, namely TERA and TERA-ADV, are designed to exploit graph-theoretical approaches for solving MkTG on general graphs effectively and efficiently. Experimental results on seven real datasets manifest that the proposed algorithms outperform existing approaches in both efficiency and solution quality.	On Finding Socially Tenuous Groups for Online Social Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Yu Shi:Po-Wei Chan:Honglei Zhuang:Huan Gui:Jiawei Han	As a powerful representation paradigm for networked and multi-typed data, the heterogeneous information network (HIN) is ubiquitous. Meanwhile, defining proper relevance measures has always been a fundamental problem and of great pragmatic importance for network mining tasks. Inspired by our probabilistic interpretation of existing path-based relevance measures, we propose to study HIN relevance from a probabilistic perspective. We also identify, from real-world data, and propose to model cross-meta-path synergy, which is a characteristic important for defining path-based HIN relevance and has not been modeled by existing methods. A generative model is established to derive a novel path-based relevance measure, which is data-driven and tailored for each HIN. We develop an inference algorithm to find the maximum a posteriori (MAP) estimate of the model parameters, which entails non-trivial tricks. Experiments on two real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model and relevance measure.	PReP: Path-Based Relevance from a Probabilistic Perspective in Heterogeneous Information Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Qingquan Song:Xiao Huang:Hancheng Ge:James Caverlee:Xia Hu	Tensor completion has become an effective computational tool in many real-world data-driven applications. Beyond traditional static setting, with the increasing popularity of high velocity streaming data, it requires efficient online processing without reconstructing the whole model from scratch. Existing work on streaming tensor completion is usually built upon the assumption that tensors only grow in one mode. Unfortunately, the assumption does not hold in many real-world situations in which tensors may grow in multiple modes, i.e., multi-aspect streaming tensors. Efficiently modeling and completing these incremental tensors without sacrificing its effectiveness remains a challenging task due to the uncertainty of tensor mode changes and complex data structure of multi-aspect streaming tensors. To bridge this gap, we propose a Multi-Aspect Streaming Tensor completion framework (MAST) based on CANDECOMP/PARAFAC (CP) decomposition to track the subspace of general incremental tensors for completion. In addition, we investigate a special situation where time is one mode of the tensors, and leverage its extra structure information to improve the general framework towards higher effectiveness. Experimental results on four datasets collected from various real-world applications demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed framework.	Multi-Aspect Streaming Tensor Completion	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Ryan Spring:Anshumali Shrivastava	Current deep learning architectures are growing larger in order to learn from complex datasets. These architectures require giant matrix multiplication operations to train millions of parameters. Conversely, there is another growing trend to bring deep learning to low-power, embedded devices. The matrix operations, associated with the training and testing of deep networks, are very expensive from a computational and energy standpoint. We present a novel hashing-based technique to drastically reduce the amount of computation needed to train and test neural networks. Our approach combines two recent ideas, Adaptive Dropout and Randomized Hashing for Maximum Inner Product Search (MIPS), to select the nodes with the highest activations efficiently. Our new algorithm for deep learning reduces the overall computational cost of the forward and backward propagation steps by operating on significantly fewer nodes. As a consequence, our algorithm uses only 5% of the total multiplications, while keeping within 1% of the accuracy of the original model on average. A unique property of the proposed hashing-based back-propagation is that the updates are always sparse. Due to the sparse gradient updates, our algorithm is ideally suited for asynchronous, parallel training, leading to near-linear speedup, as the number of cores increases. We demonstrate the scalability and sustainability (energy efficiency) of our proposed algorithm via rigorous experimental evaluations on several datasets.	Scalable and Sustainable Deep Learning via Randomized Hashing	NA:NA	2017
Yukihiro Tagami	Extreme multi-label classification methods have been widely used in Web-scale classification tasks such as Web page tagging and product recommendation. In this paper, we present a novel graph embedding method called "AnnexML". At the training step, AnnexML constructs a k-nearest neighbor graph of label vectors and attempts to reproduce the graph structure in the embedding space. The prediction is efficiently performed by using an approximate nearest neighbor search method that efficiently explores the learned k-nearest neighbor graph in the embedding space. We conducted evaluations on several large-scale real-world data sets and compared our method with recent state-of-the-art methods. Experimental results show that our AnnexML can significantly improve prediction accuracy, especially on data sets that have larger a label space. In addition, AnnexML improves the trade-off between prediction time and accuracy. At the same level of accuracy, the prediction time of AnnexML was up to 58 times faster than that of SLEEC, which is a state-of-the-art embedding-based method.	AnnexML: Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search for Extreme Multi-label Classification	NA	2017
Gabriele Tolomei:Fabrizio Silvestri:Andrew Haines:Mounia Lalmas	Machine-learned models are often described as "black boxes". In many real-world applications however, models may have to sacrifice predictive power in favour of human-interpretability. When this is the case, feature engineering becomes a crucial task, which requires significant and time-consuming human effort. Whilst some features are inherently static, representing properties that cannot be influenced (e.g., the age of an individual), others capture characteristics that could be adjusted (e.g., the daily amount of carbohydrates taken). Nonetheless, once a model is learned from the data, each prediction it makes on new instances is irreversible - assuming every instance to be a static point located in the chosen feature space. There are many circumstances however where it is important to understand (i) why a model outputs a certain prediction on a given instance, (ii) which adjustable features of that instance should be modified, and finally (iii) how to alter such a prediction when the mutated instance is input back to the model. In this paper, we present a technique that exploits the internals of a tree-based ensemble classifier to offer recommendations for transforming true negative instances into positively predicted ones. We demonstrate the validity of our approach using an online advertising application. First, we design a Random Forest classifier that effectively separates between two types of ads: low (negative) and high (positive) quality ads (instances). Then, we introduce an algorithm that provides recommendations that aim to transform a low quality ad (negative instance) into a high quality one (positive instance). Finally, we evaluate our approach on a subset of the active inventory of a large ad network, Yahoo Gemini.	Interpretable Predictions of Tree-based Ensembles via Actionable Feature Tweaking	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Shen Wang:Lifang He:Bokai Cao:Chun-Ta Lu:Philip S. Yu:Ann B. Ragin	Mining from neuroimaging data is becoming increasingly popular in the field of healthcare and bioinformatics, due to its potential to discover clinically meaningful structure patterns that could facilitate the understanding and diagnosis of neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders. Most recent research concentrates on applying subgraph mining techniques to discover connected subgraph patterns in the brain network. However, the underlying brain network structure is complicated. As a shallow linear model, subgraph mining cannot capture the highly non-linear structures, resulting in sub-optimal patterns. Therefore, how to learn representations that can capture the highly non-linearity of brain networks and preserve the underlying structures is a critical problem. In this paper, we propose a Structural Deep Brain Network mining method, namely SDBN, to learn highly non-linear and structure-preserving representations of brain networks. Specifically, we first introduce a novel graph reordering approach based on module identification, which rearranges the order of the nodes to preserve the modular structure of the graph. Next, we perform structural augmentation to further enhance the spatial information of the reordered graph. Then we propose a deep feature learning framework for combining supervised learning and unsupervised learning in a small-scale setting, by augmenting Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with decoding pathways for reconstruction. With the help of the multiple layers of non-linear mapping, the proposed SDBN approach can capture the highly non-linear structure of brain networks. Further, it has better generalization capability for high-dimensional brain networks and works well even for small sample learning. Benefit from CNN's task-oriented learning style, the learned hierarchical representation is meaningful for the clinical task. To evaluate the proposed SDBN method, we conduct extensive experiments on four real brain network datasets for disease diagnoses. The experiment results show that SDBN can capture discriminative and meaningful structural graph representations for brain disorder diagnosis.	Structural Deep Brain Network Mining	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Suhang Wang:Charu Aggarwal:Huan Liu	Feature engineering has found increasing interest in recent years because of its ability to improve the effectiveness of various machine learning models. Although tailored feature engineering methods have been designed for various domains, there are few that simulate the consistent effectiveness of kernel methods. At the core, the success of kernel methods is achieved by using similarity functions that emphasize local variations in similarity. Unfortunately, this ability comes at the price of the high level of computational resources required and the inflexibility of the representation as it only provides the similarity of two data points instead of vector representations of each data point; while the vector representations can be readily used as input to facilitate various models for different tasks. Furthermore, kernel methods are also highly susceptible to overfitting and noise and it cannot capture the variety of data locality. In this paper, we first analyze the inner working and weaknesses of kernel method, which serves as guidance for designing feature engineering. With the guidance, we explore the use of randomized methods for feature engineering by capturing multi-granular locality of data. This approach has the merit of being time and space efficient for feature construction. Furthermore, the approach is resistant to overfitting and noise because the randomized approach naturally enables fast and robust ensemble methods. Extensive experiments on a number of real world datasets are conducted to show the effectiveness of the approach for various tasks such as clustering, classification and outlier detection.	Randomized Feature Engineering as a Fast and Accurate Alternative to Kernel Methods	NA:NA:NA	2017
Pengfei Wang:Yanjie Fu:Guannan Liu:Wenqing Hu:Charu Aggarwal	While exploring human mobility can benefit many applications such as smart transportation, city planning, and urban economics, there are two key questions that need to be answered: (i) What is the nature of the spatial diffusion of human mobility across regions with different urban functions? (ii) How to spot and trace the trip purposes of human mobility trajectories? To answer these questions, we study large-scale and city-wide taxi trajectories; and furtherly organize them as arrival sequences according to the chronological arrival time. We figure out an important property across different regions from the arrival sequences, namely human mobility synchronization effect, which can be exploited to explain the phenomenon that two regions have similar arrival patterns in particular time periods if they share similar urban functions. In addition, the arrival sequences are mixed by arrival events with distinct trip purposes, which can be revealed by the regional environment of both the origins and destinations. To that end, in this paper, we develop a joint model that integrates Mixture of Hawkes Process (MHP) with a hierarchical topic model to capture the arrival sequences with mixed trip purposes. Essentially, the human mobility synchronization effect is encoded as a synchronization rate in the MHP; while the regional environment is modeled by introducing latent Trip Purpose and POI Topic to generate the Point of Interests (POIs) in the regions. Moreover, we provide an effective inference algorithm for parameter learning. Finally, we conduct intensive experiments on synthetic data and real-world data, and the experimental results have demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed model.	Human Mobility Synchronization and Trip Purpose Detection with Mixture of Hawkes Processes	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Sibo Wang:Renchi Yang:Xiaokui Xiao:Zhewei Wei:Yin Yang	Given a graph G, a source node s and a target node t, the personalized PageRank (PPR) of t with respect to s is the probability that a random walk starting from s terminates at t. A single-source PPR (SSPPR) query enumerates all nodes in G, and returns the top-k nodes with the highest PPR values with respect to a given source node s. SSPPR has important applications in web search and social networks, e.g., in Twitter's Who-To-Follow recommendation service. However, SSPPR computation is immensely expensive, and at the same time resistant to indexing and materialization. So far, existing solutions either use heuristics, which do not guarantee result quality, or rely on the strong computing power of modern data centers, which is costly. Motivated by this, we propose FORA, a simple and effective index-based solution for approximate SSPPR processing, with rigorous guarantees on result quality. The basic idea of FORA is to combine two existing methods Forward Push (which is fast but does not guarantee quality) and Monte Carlo Random Walk (accurate but slow) in a simple and yet non-trivial way, leading to an algorithm that is both fast and accurate. Further, FORA includes a simple and effective indexing scheme, as well as a module for top-k selection with high pruning power. Extensive experiments demonstrate that FORA is orders of magnitude more efficient than its main competitors. Notably, on a billion-edge Twitter dataset, FORA answers a top-500 approximate SSPPR query within 5 seconds, using a single commodity server.	FORA: Simple and Effective Approximate Single-Source Personalized PageRank	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Liwei Wu:Cho-Jui Hsieh:James Sharpnack	In this paper, we consider the Collaborative Ranking (CR) problem for recommendation systems. Given a set of pairwise preferences between items for each user, collaborative ranking can be used to rank un-rated items for each user, and this ranking can be naturally used for recommendation. It is observed that collaborative ranking algorithms usually achieve better performance since they directly minimize the ranking loss; however, they are rarely used in practice due to the poor scalability. All the existing CR algorithms have time complexity at least O(|ÃŽÂ©|r) per iteration, where r is the target rank and |ÃŽÂ©| is number of pairs which grows quadratically with number of ratings per user. For example, the Netflix data contains totally 20 billion rating pairs, and at this scale all the current algorithms have to work with significant subsampling, resulting in poor prediction on testing data. In this paper, we propose a new collaborative ranking algorithm called Primal-CR that reduces the time complexity to O(|ÃŽÂ©|+d1 |d2 r), where d1 is number of users and |d2 is the averaged number of items rated by a user. Note that d1 |d2 is strictly smaller and often much smaller than |ÃŽÂ©|. Furthermore, by exploiting the fact that most data is in the form of numerical ratings instead of pairwise comparisons, we propose Primal-CR++ with O(d1|d2 (r+ log |d2)) time complexity. Both algorithms have better theoretical time complexity than existing approaches and also outperform existing approaches in terms of NDCG and pairwise error on real data sets. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first collaborative ranking algorithm capable of working on the full Netflix dataset using all the 20 billion rating pairs, and this leads to a model with much better recommendation compared with previous models trained on subsamples. Finally, compared with classical matrix factorization algorithm which also requires O(d1d2r) time, our algorithm has almost the same efficiency while making much better recommendations since we consider the ranking loss.	Large-scale Collaborative Ranking in Near-Linear Time	NA:NA:NA	2017
Jingwei Xu:Yuan Yao:Hanghang Tong:Xianping Tao:Jian Lu	Latent factor models have become a prevalent method in recommender systems, to predict users' preference on items based on the historical user feedback. Most of the existing methods, explicitly or implicitly, are built upon the first-order rating distance principle, which aims to minimize the difference between the estimated and real ratings. In this paper, we generalize such first-order rating distance principle and propose a new latent factor model (HoORaYs) for recommender systems. The core idea of the proposed method is to explore high-order rating distance, which aims to minimize not only (i) the difference between the estimated and real ratings of the same (user, item) pair (i.e., the first-order rating distance), but also (ii) the difference between the estimated and real rating difference of the same user across different items (i.e., the second-order rating distance). We formulate it as a regularized optimization problem, and propose an effective and scalable algorithm to solve it. Our analysis from the geometry and Bayesian perspectives indicate that by exploring the high-order rating distance, it helps to reduce the variance of the estimator, which in turns leads to better generalization performance (e.g., smaller prediction error). We evaluate the proposed method on four real-world data sets, two with explicit user feedback and the other two with implicit user feedback. Experimental results show that the proposed method consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of the prediction accuracy.	HoORaYs: High-order Optimization of Rating Distance for Recommender Systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Guangxu Xun:Yaliang Li:Jing Gao:Aidong Zhang	A text corpus typically contains two types of context information -- global context and local context. Global context carries topical information which can be utilized by topic models to discover topic structures from the text corpus, while local context can train word embeddings to capture semantic regularities reflected in the text corpus. This encourages us to exploit the useful information in both the global and the local context information. In this paper, we propose a unified language model based on matrix factorization techniques which 1) takes the complementary global and local context information into consideration simultaneously, and 2) models topics and learns word embeddings collaboratively. We empirically show that by incorporating both global and local context, this collaborative model can not only significantly improve the performance of topic discovery over the baseline topic models, but also learn better word embeddings than the baseline word embedding models. We also provide qualitative analysis that explains how the cooperation of global and local context information can result in better topic structures and word embeddings.	Collaboratively Improving Topic Discovery and Word Embeddings by Coordinating Global and Local Contexts	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Ian E.H. Yen:Xiangru Huang:Wei Dai:Pradeep Ravikumar:Inderjit Dhillon:Eric Xing	Extreme Classification comprises multi-class or multi-label prediction where there is a large number of classes, and is increasingly relevant to many real-world applications such as text and image tagging. In this setting, standard classification methods, with complexity linear in the number of classes, become intractable, while enforcing structural constraints among classes (such as low-rank or tree-structure) to reduce complexity often sacrifices accuracy for efficiency. The recent PD-Sparse method addresses this via an algorithm that is sub-linear in the number of variables, by exploiting primal-dual sparsity inherent in a specific loss function, namely the max-margin loss. In this work, we extend PD-Sparse to be efficiently parallelized in large-scale distributed settings. By introducing separable loss functions, we can scale out the training, with network communication and space efficiency comparable to those in one-versus-all approaches while maintaining an overall complexity sub-linear in the number of classes. On several large-scale benchmarks our proposed method achieves accuracy competitive to the state-of-the-art while reducing the training time from days to tens of minutes compared with existing parallel or sparse methods on a cluster of 100 cores.	PPDsparse: A Parallel Primal-Dual Sparse Method for Extreme Classification	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Hao Yin:Austin R. Benson:Jure Leskovec:David F. Gleich	Local graph clustering methods aim to find a cluster of nodes by exploring a small region of the graph. These methods are attractive because they enable targeted clustering around a given seed node and are faster than traditional global graph clustering methods because their runtime does not depend on the size of the input graph. However, current local graph partitioning methods are not designed to account for the higher-order structures crucial to the network, nor can they effectively handle directed networks. Here we introduce a new class of local graph clustering methods that address these issues by incorporating higher-order network information captured by small subgraphs, also called network motifs. We develop the Motif-based Approximate Personalized PageRank (MAPPR) algorithm that finds clusters containing a seed node with minimal \emph{motif conductance}, a generalization of the conductance metric for network motifs. We generalize existing theory to prove the fast running time (independent of the size of the graph) and obtain theoretical guarantees on the cluster quality (in terms of motif conductance). We also develop a theory of node neighborhoods for finding sets that have small motif conductance, and apply these results to the case of finding good seed nodes to use as input to the MAPPR algorithm. Experimental validation on community detection tasks in both synthetic and real-world networks, shows that our new framework MAPPR outperforms the current edge-based personalized PageRank methodology.	Local Higher-Order Graph Clustering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Chengxi Zang:Peng Cui:Christos Faloutsos:Wenwu Zhu	How do people make friends dynamically in social networks? What are the temporal patterns for an individual increasing its social connectivity? What are the basic mechanisms governing the formation of these temporal patterns? No matter cyber or physical social systems, their structure and dynamics are mainly driven by the connectivity dynamics of each individual. However, due to the lack of empirical data, little is known about the empirical dynamic patterns of social connectivity at microscopic level, let alone the regularities or models governing these microscopic dynamics. We examine the detailed growth process of "WeChat", the largest online social network in China, with 300 million users and 4.75 billion links spanning two years. We uncover a wide range of long-term power law growth and short-term bursty growth for the social connectivity of different users. We propose three key ingredients, namely average-effect, multiscale-effect and correlation-effect, which govern the observed growth patterns at microscopic level. As a result, we propose the long short memory process incorporating these ingredients, demonstrating that it successfully reproduces the complex growth patterns observed in the empirical data. By analyzing modeling parameters, we discover statistical regularities underlying the empirical growth dynamics. Our model and discoveries provide a foundation for the microscopic mechanisms of network growth dynamics, potentially leading to implications for prediction, clustering and outlier detection on human dynamics.	Long Short Memory Process: Modeling Growth Dynamics of Microscopic Social Connectivity	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Muhan Zhang:Yixin Chen	In this paper, we propose a next-generation link prediction method, Weisfeiler-Lehman Neural Machine (WLNM), which learns topological features in the form of graph patterns that promote the formation of links. WLNM has unmatched advantages including higher performance than state-of-the-art methods and universal applicability over various kinds of networks. WLNM extracts an enclosing subgraph of each target link and encodes the subgraph as an adjacency matrix. The key novelty of the encoding comes from a fast hashing-based Weisfeiler-Lehman (WL) algorithm that labels the vertices according to their structural roles in the subgraph while preserving the subgraph's intrinsic directionality. After that, a neural network is trained on these adjacency matrices to learn a predictive model. Compared with traditional link prediction methods, WLNM does not assume a particular link formation mechanism (such as common neighbors), but learns this mechanism from the graph itself. We conduct comprehensive experiments to show that WLNM not only outperforms a great number of state-of-the-art link prediction methods, but also consistently performs well across networks with different characteristics.	Weisfeiler-Lehman Neural Machine for Link Prediction	NA:NA	2017
Haoyu Zhang:Qin Zhang	We study the problem of edit similarity joins, where given a set of strings and a threshold value K, we want to output all pairs of strings whose edit distances are at most K. Edit similarity join is a fundamental problem in data cleaning/integration, bioinformatics, collaborative filtering and natural language processing, and has been identified as a primitive operator for database systems. This problem has been studied extensively in the literature. However, we have observed that all the existing algorithms fall short on long strings and large distance thresholds. In this paper we propose an algorithm named EmbedJoin which scales very well with string length and distance threshold. Our algorithm is built on the recent advance of metric embeddings for edit distance, and is very different from all of the previous approaches. We demonstrate via an extensive set of experiments that EmbedJoin significantly outperforms the previous best algorithms on long strings and large distance thresholds.	EmbedJoin: Efficient Edit Similarity Joins via Embeddings	NA:NA	2017
Chao Zhang:Liyuan Liu:Dongming Lei:Quan Yuan:Honglei Zhuang:Tim Hanratty:Jiawei Han	Detecting local events (e.g., protest, disaster) at their onsets is an important task for a wide spectrum of applications, ranging from disaster control to crime monitoring and place recommendation. Recent years have witnessed growing interest in leveraging geo-tagged tweet streams for online local event detection. Nevertheless, the accuracies of existing methods still remain unsatisfactory for building reliable local event detection systems. We propose TrioVecEvent, a method that leverages multimodal embeddings to achieve accurate online local event detection. The effectiveness of TrioVecEvent is underpinned by its two-step detection scheme. First, it ensures a high coverage of the underlying local events by dividing the tweets in the query window into coherent geo-topic clusters. To generate quality geo-topic clusters, we capture short-text semantics by learning multimodal embeddings of the location, time, and text, and then perform online clustering with a novel Bayesian mixture model. Second, TrioVecEvent considers the geo-topic clusters as candidate events and extracts a set of features for classifying the candidates. Leveraging the multimodal embeddings as background knowledge, we introduce discriminative features that can well characterize local events, which enables pinpointing true local events from the candidate pool with a small amount of training data. We have used crowdsourcing to evaluate TrioVecEvent, and found that it improves the performance of the state-of-the-art method by a large margin.	TrioVecEvent: Embedding-Based Online Local Event Detection in Geo-Tagged Tweet Streams	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Chenzi Zhang:Fan Wei:Qin Liu:Zhihao Gavin Tang:Zhenguo Li	We consider the edge partitioning problem that partitions the edges of an input graph into multiple balanced components, while minimizing the total number of vertices replicated (one vertex might appear in more than one partition). This problem is critical in minimizing communication costs and running time for several large-scale distributed graph computation platforms (e.g., PowerGraph, Spark GraphX). We first prove that this problem is NP-hard, and then present a new partitioning heuristic with polynomial running time. We provide a worst-case upper bound of replication factor for our heuristic on general graphs. To our knowledge, we are the first to provide such bound for edge partitioning algorithms on general graphs. Applying this bound to random power-law graphs greatly improves the previous bounds of expected replication factor. Extensive experiments demonstrated that our partitioning algorithm consistently produces much smaller replication factors on various benchmark data sets than the state-of-the-art. When deployed in the production graph engine, PowerGraph, in average it reduces replication factor, communication, and running time by 54%, 66%, and 21%, respectively.	Graph Edge Partitioning via Neighborhood Heuristic	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Kai Zhang:Chuanren Liu:Jie Zhang:Hui Xiong:Eric Xing:Jieping Ye	Matrix sketching is aimed at finding compact representations of a matrix while simultaneously preserving most of its properties, which is a fundamental building block in modern scientific computing. Randomized algorithms represent state-of-the-art and have attracted huge interest from the fields of machine learning, data mining, and theoretic computer science. However, it still requires the use of the entire input matrix in producing desired factorizations, which can be a major computational and memory bottleneck in truly large problems. In this paper, we uncover an interesting theoretic connection between matrix low-rank decomposition and lossy signal compression, based on which a cascaded compression sampling framework is devised to approximate an m-by-n matrix in only O(m+n) time and space. Indeed, the proposed method accesses only a small number of matrix rows and columns, which significantly improves the memory footprint. Meanwhile, by sequentially teaming two rounds of approximation procedures and upgrading the sampling strategy from a uniform probability to more sophisticated, encoding-orientated sampling, significant algorithmic boosting is achieved to uncover more granular structures in the data. Empirical results on a wide spectrum of real-world, large-scale matrices show that by taking only linear time and space, the accuracy of our method rivals those state-of-the-art randomized algorithms consuming a quadratic, O(mn), amount of resources.	Randomization or Condensation?: Linear-Cost Matrix Sketching Via Cascaded Compression Sampling	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Hongke Zhao:Hefu Zhang:Yong Ge:Qi Liu:Enhong Chen:Huayu Li:Le Wu	Crowdfunding is an emerging Internet fundraising mechanism by raising monetary contributions from the crowd for projects or ventures. In these platforms, the dynamics, i.e., daily funding amount on campaigns and perks (backing options with rewards), are the most concerned issue for creators, backers and platforms. However, tracking the dynamics in crowdfunding is very challenging and still under-explored. To that end, in this paper, we present a focused study on this important problem. A special goal is to forecast the funding amount for a given campaign and its perks in the future days. Specifically, we formalize the dynamics in crowdfunding as a hierarchical time series, i.e., campaign level and perk level. Specific to each level, we develop a special regression by modeling the decision making process of the crowd (visitors and backing probability) and exploring various factors that impact the decision; on this basis, an enhanced switching regression is proposed at each level to address the heterogeneity of funding sequences. Further, we employ a revision matrix to combine the two-level base forecasts for the final forecasting. We conduct extensive experiments on a real-world crowdfunding data collected from Indiegogo.com. The experimental results clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of our approaches on tracking the dynamics in crowdfunding.	Tracking the Dynamics in Crowdfunding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Huan Zhao:Quanming Yao:Jianda Li:Yangqiu Song:Dik Lun Lee	Heterogeneous Information Network (HIN) is a natural and general representation of data in modern large commercial recommender systems which involve heterogeneous types of data. HIN based recommenders face two problems: how to represent the high-level semantics of recommendations and how to fuse the heterogeneous information to make recommendations. In this paper, we solve the two problems by first introducing the concept of meta-graph to HIN-based recommendation, and then solving the information fusion problem with a "matrix factorization (MF) + factorization machine (FM)" approach. For the similarities generated by each meta-graph, we perform standard MF to generate latent features for both users and items. With different meta-graph based features, we propose to use FM with Group lasso (FMG) to automatically learn from the observed ratings to effectively select useful meta-graph based features. Experimental results on two real-world datasets, Amazon and Yelp, show the effectiveness of our approach compared to state-of-the-art FM and other HIN-based recommendation algorithms.	Meta-Graph Based Recommendation Fusion over Heterogeneous Information Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Yan Zheng:Jeff M. Phillips	Kernel regression is an essential and ubiquitous tool for non-parametric data analysis, particularly popular among time series and spatial data. However, the central operation which is performed many times, evaluating a kernel on the data set, takes linear time. This is impractical for modern large data sets. In this paper we describe coresets for kernel regression: compressed data sets which can be used as proxy for the original data and have provably bounded worst case error. The size of the coresets are independent of the raw number of data points; rather they only depend on the error guarantee, and in some cases the size of domain and amount of smoothing. We evaluate our methods on very large time series and spatial data, and demonstrate that they incur negligible error, can be constructed extremely efficiently, and allow for great computational gains.	Coresets for Kernel Regression	NA:NA	2017
Dawei Zhou:Si Zhang:Mehmet Yigit Yildirim:Scott Alcorn:Hanghang Tong:Hasan Davulcu:Jingrui He	Nowadays, large-scale graph data is being generated in a variety of real-world applications, from social networks to co-authorship networks, from protein-protein interaction networks to road traffic networks. Many existing works on graph mining focus on the vertices and edges, with the first-order Markov chain as the underlying model. They fail to explore the high-order network structures, which are of key importance in many high impact domains. For example, in bank customer personally identifiable information (PII) networks, the star structures often correspond to a set of synthetic identities; in financial transaction networks, the loop structures may indicate the existence of money laundering. In this paper, we focus on mining user-specified high-order network structures and aim to find a structure-rich subgraph which does not break many such structures by separating the subgraph from the rest. A key challenge associated with finding a structure-rich subgraph is the prohibitive computational cost. To address this problem, inspired by the family of local graph clustering algorithms for efficiently identifying a low-conductance cut without exploring the entire graph, we propose to generalize the key idea to model high-order network structures. In particular, we start with a generic definition of high-order conductance, and define the high-order diffusion core, which is based on a high-order random walk induced by user-specified high-order network structure. Then we propose a novel High-Order Structure-Preserving LOcal Cut (HOSPLOC) algorithm, which runs in polylogarithmic time with respect to the number of edges in the graph. It starts with a seed vertex and iteratively explores its neighborhood until a subgraph with a small high-order conductance is found. Furthermore, we analyze its performance in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency. The experimental results on both synthetic graphs and real graphs demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed HOSPLOC algorithm.	A Local Algorithm for Structure-Preserving Graph Cut	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Chong Zhou:Randy C. Paffenroth	Deep autoencoders, and other deep neural networks, have demonstrated their effectiveness in discovering non-linear features across many problem domains. However, in many real-world problems, large outliers and pervasive noise are commonplace, and one may not have access to clean training data as required by standard deep denoising autoencoders. Herein, we demonstrate novel extensions to deep autoencoders which not only maintain a deep autoencoders' ability to discover high quality, non-linear features but can also eliminate outliers and noise without access to any clean training data. Our model is inspired by Robust Principal Component Analysis, and we split the input data X into two parts, $X = L_{D} + S$, where $L_{D}$ can be effectively reconstructed by a deep autoencoder and $S$ contains the outliers and noise in the original data X. Since such splitting increases the robustness of standard deep autoencoders, we name our model a "Robust Deep Autoencoder (RDA)". Further, we present generalizations of our results to grouped sparsity norms which allow one to distinguish random anomalies from other types of structured corruptions, such as a collection of features being corrupted across many instances or a collection of instances having more corruptions than their fellows. Such "Group Robust Deep Autoencoders (GRDA)" give rise to novel anomaly detection approaches whose superior performance we demonstrate on a selection of benchmark problems.	Anomaly Detection with Robust Deep Autoencoders	NA:NA	2017
Aman Agarwal:Soumya Basu:Tobias Schnabel:Thorsten Joachims	Accurately evaluating new policies (e.g. ad-placement models, ranking functions, recommendation functions) is one of the key prerequisites for improving interactive systems. While the conventional approach to evaluation relies on online A/B tests, recent work has shown that counterfactual estimators can provide an inexpensive and fast alternative, since they can be applied offline using log data that was collected from a different policy fielded in the past. In this paper, we address the question of how to estimate the performance of a new target policy when we have log data from multiple historic policies. This question is of great relevance in practice, since policies get updated frequently in most online systems. We show that naively combining data from multiple logging policies can be highly suboptimal. In particular, we find that the standard Inverse Propensity Score (IPS) estimator suffers especially when logging and target policies diverge -- to a point where throwing away data improves the variance of the estimator. We therefore propose two alternative estimators which we characterize theoretically and compare experimentally. We find that the new estimators can provide substantially improved estimation accuracy.	Effective Evaluation Using Logged Bandit Feedback from Multiple Loggers	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Saurabh Agrawal:Gowtham Atluri:Anuj Karpatne:William Haltom:Stefan Liess:Snigdhansu Chatterjee:Vipin Kumar	Mining relationships in time series data is of immense interest to several disciplines such as neuroscience, climate science, and transportation. Traditional approaches for mining relationships focus on discovering pair-wise relationships in the data. In this work, we define a novel relationship pattern involving three interacting time series, which we refer to as a tripole. We show that tripoles capture interesting relationship patterns in the data that are not possible to be captured using traditionally studied pair-wise relationships. We demonstrate the utility of tripoles in multiple real-world datasets from various domains including climate science and neuroscience. In particular, our approach is able to discover tripoles that are statistically significant, reproducible across multiple independent data sets, and lead to novel domain insights.	Tripoles: A New Class of Relationships in Time Series Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Arda Antikacioglu:R. Ravi	Collaborative filtering is a broad and powerful framework for building recommendation systems that has seen widespread adoption. Over the past decade, the propensity of such systems for favoring popular products and thus creating echo chambers have been observed. This has given rise to an active area of research that seeks to diversify recommendations generated by such algorithms. We address the problem of increasing diversity in recom- mendation systems that are based on collaborative filtering that use past ratings to predict a rating quality for potential recommendations. Following our earlier work, we formulate recommendation system design as a subgraph selection problem from a candidate super-graph of potential recommendations where both diversity and rating quality are explicitly optimized: (1) On the modeling side, we define a new flexible notion of diversity that allows a system designer to prescribe the number of recommendations each item should receive, and smoothly penalizes deviations from this distribution. (2) On the algorithmic side, we show that minimum-cost network flow methods yield fast algorithms in theory and practice for designing recommendation subgraphs that optimize this notion of diversity. (3) On the empirical side, we show the effectiveness of our new model and method to increase diversity while maintaining high rating quality in standard rating data sets from Netflix and MovieLens.	Post Processing Recommender Systems for Diversity	NA:NA	2017
Konstantin Bauman:Bing Liu:Alexander Tuzhilin	In this paper, we propose a recommendation technique that not only can recommend items of interest to the user as traditional recommendation systems do but also specific aspects of consumption of the items to further enhance the user experience with those items. For example, it can recommend the user to go to a specific restaurant (item) and also order some specific foods there, e.g., seafood (an aspect of consumption). Our method is called Sentiment Utility Logistic Model (SULM). As its name suggests, SULM uses sentiment analysis of user reviews. It first predicts the sentiment that the user may have about the item based on what he/she might express about the aspects of the item and then identifies the most valuable aspects of the user's potential experience with that item. Furthermore, the method can recommend items together with those most important aspects over which the user has control and can potentially select them, such as the time to go to a restaurant, e.g. lunch vs. dinner, and what to order there, e.g., seafood. We tested the proposed method on three applications (restaurant, hotel, and beauty & spa) and experimentally showed that those users who followed our recommendations of the most valuable aspects while consuming the items, had better experiences, as defined by the overall rating.	Aspect Based Recommendations: Recommending Items with the Most Valuable Aspects Based on User Reviews	NA:NA:NA	2017
Davis W. Blalock:John V. Guttag	Vectors of data are at the heart of machine learning and data mining. Recently, vector quantization methods have shown great promise in reducing both the time and space costs of operating on vectors. We introduce a vector quantization algorithm that can compress vectors over 12x faster than existing techniques while also accelerating approximate vector operations such as distance and dot product computations by up to 10x. Because it can encode over 2GB of vectors per second, it makes vector quantization cheap enough to employ in many more circumstances. For example, using our technique to compute approximate dot products in a nested loop can multiply matrices faster than a state-of-the-art BLAS implementation, even when our algorithm must first compress the matrices. In addition to showing the above speedups, we demonstrate that our approach can accelerate nearest neighbor search and maximum inner product search by over 100x compared to floating point operations and 10x compared to other vector quantization methods. Our approximate Euclidean distance and dot product computations are not only faster than those of related algorithms with slower encodings, but also faster than Hamming distance computations, which have direct hardware support on the tested platforms. We also assess the errors of our algorithm's approximate distances and dot products, and find that it is competitive with existing, slower vector quantization algorithms.	Bolt: Accelerated Data Mining with Fast Vector Compression	NA:NA	2017
Aleksandar Bojchevski:Yves Matkovic:Stephan GÃƒÂ¼nnemann	Spectral clustering is one of the most prominent clustering approaches. However, it is highly sensitive to noisy input data. In this work, we propose a robust spectral clustering technique able to handle such scenarios. To achieve this goal, we propose a sparse and latent decomposition of the similarity graph used in spectral clustering. In our model, we jointly learn the spectral embedding as well as the corrupted data - thus, enhancing the clustering performance overall. We propose algorithmic solutions to all three established variants of spectral clustering, each showing linear complexity in the number of edges. Our experimental analysis confirms the significant potential of our approach for robust spectral clustering. Supplementary material is available at www.kdd.in.tum.de/RSC.	Robust Spectral Clustering for Noisy Data: Modeling Sparse Corruptions Improves Latent Embeddings	NA:NA:NA	2017
Bokai Cao:Lei Zheng:Chenwei Zhang:Philip S. Yu:Andrea Piscitello:John Zulueta:Olu Ajilore:Kelly Ryan:Alex D. Leow	The increasing use of electronic forms of communication presents new opportunities in the study of mental health, including the ability to investigate the manifestations of psychiatric diseases unobtrusively and in the setting of patients' daily lives. A pilot study to explore the possible connections between bipolar affective disorder and mobile phone usage was conducted. In this study, participants were provided a mobile phone to use as their primary phone. This phone was loaded with a custom keyboard that collected metadata consisting of keypress entry time and accelerometer movement. Individual character data with the exceptions of the backspace key and space bar were not collected due to privacy concerns. We propose an end-to-end deep architecture based on late fusion, named DeepMood, to model the multi-view metadata for the prediction of mood scores. Experimental results show that 90.31% prediction accuracy on the depression score can be achieved based on session-level mobile phone typing dynamics which is typically less than one minute. It demonstrates the feasibility of using mobile phone metadata to infer mood disturbance and severity.	DeepMood: Modeling Mobile Phone Typing Dynamics for Mood Detection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Jinghui Chen:Quanquan Gu	We propose a fast Newton hard thresholding pursuit algorithm for sparsity constrained nonconvex optimization. Our proposed algorithm reduces the per-iteration time complexity to linear in the data dimension d compared with cubic time complexity in Newton's method, while preserving faster computational and statistical convergence rates. In particular, we prove that the proposed algorithm converges to the unknown sparse model parameter at a composite rate, namely quadratic at first and linear when it gets close to the true parameter, up to the minimax optimal statistical precision of the underlying model. Thorough experiments on both synthetic and real datasets demonstrate that our algorithm outperforms the state-of-the-art optimization algorithms for sparsity constrained optimization.	Fast Newton Hard Thresholding Pursuit for Sparsity Constrained Nonconvex Optimization	NA:NA	2017
Ting Chen:Yizhou Sun:Yue Shi:Liangjie Hong	Recent advances in neural networks have inspired people to design hybrid recommendation algorithms that can incorporate both (1) user-item interaction information and (2) content information including image, audio, and text. Despite their promising results, neural network-based recommendation algorithms pose extensive computational costs, making it challenging to scale and improve upon. In this paper, we propose a general neural network-based recommendation framework, which subsumes several existing state-of-the-art recommendation algorithms, and address the efficiency issue by investigating sampling strategies in the stochastic gradient descent training for the framework. We tackle this issue by first establishing a connection between the loss functions and the user-item interaction bipartite graph, where the loss function terms are defined on links while major computation burdens are located at nodes. We call this type of loss functions "graph-based" loss functions, for which varied mini-batch sampling strategies can have different computational costs. Based on the insight, three novel sampling strategies are proposed, which can significantly improve the training efficiency of the proposed framework (up to $\times 30$ times speedup in our experiments), as well as improving the recommendation performance. Theoretical analysis is also provided for both the computational cost and the convergence. We believe the study of sampling strategies have further implications on general graph-based loss functions, and would also enable more research under the neural network-based recommendation framework.	On Sampling Strategies for Neural Network-based Collaborative Filtering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Kewei Cheng:Jundong Li:Huan Liu	The rapid growth of social media services brings a large amount of high-dimensional social media data at an unprecedented rate. Feature selection is powerful to prepare high-dimensional data by finding a subset of relevant features. A vast majority of existing feature selection algorithms for social media data exclusively focus on positive interactions among linked instances such as friendships and user following relations. However, in many real-world social networks, instances may also be negatively interconnected. Recent work shows that negative links have an added value over positive links in advancing many learning tasks. In this paper, we study a novel problem of unsupervised feature selection in signed social networks and propose a novel framework SignedFS. In particular, we provide a principled way to model positive and negative links for user latent representation learning. Then we embed the user latent representations into feature selection when label information is not available. Also, we revisit the principle of homophily and balance theory in signed social networks and incorporate the signed graph regularization into the feature selection framework to capture the first-order and the second-order proximity among users in signed social networks. Experiments on two real-world signed social networks demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed framework. Further experiments are conducted to understand the impacts of different components of SignedFS.	Unsupervised Feature Selection in Signed Social Networks	NA:NA:NA	2017
Edward Choi:Mohammad Taha Bahadori:Le Song:Walter F. Stewart:Jimeng Sun	Deep learning methods exhibit promising performance for predictive modeling in healthcare, but two important challenges remain: - Data insufficiency: Often in healthcare predictive modeling, the sample size is insufficient for deep learning methods to achieve satisfactory results. Interpretation: The representations learned by deep learning methods should align with medical knowledge. To address these challenges, we propose GRaph-based Attention Model (GRAM) that supplements electronic health records (EHR) with hierarchical information inherent to medical ontologies. Based on the data volume and the ontology structure, GRAM represents a medical concept as a combination of its ancestors in the ontology via an attention mechanism. We compared predictive performance (i.e. accuracy, data needs, interpretability) of GRAM to various methods including the recurrent neural network (RNN) in two sequential diagnoses prediction tasks and one heart failure prediction task. Compared to the basic RNN, GRAM achieved 10% higher accuracy for predicting diseases rarely observed in the training data and 3% improved area under the ROC curve for predicting heart failure using an order of magnitude less training data. Additionally, unlike other methods, the medical concept representations learned by GRAM are well aligned with the medical ontology. Finally, GRAM exhibits intuitive attention behaviors by adaptively generalizing to higher level concepts when facing data insufficiency at the lower level concepts.	GRAM: Graph-based Attention Model for Healthcare Representation Learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Sam Corbett-Davies:Emma Pierson:Avi Feller:Sharad Goel:Aziz Huq	Algorithms are now regularly used to decide whether defendants awaiting trial are too dangerous to be released back into the community. In some cases, black defendants are substantially more likely than white defendants to be incorrectly classified as high risk. To mitigate such disparities, several techniques have recently been proposed to achieve algorithmic fairness. Here we reformulate algorithmic fairness as constrained optimization: the objective is to maximize public safety while satisfying formal fairness constraints designed to reduce racial disparities. We show that for several past definitions of fairness, the optimal algorithms that result require detaining defendants above race-specific risk thresholds. We further show that the optimal unconstrained algorithm requires applying a single, uniform threshold to all defendants. The unconstrained algorithm thus maximizes public safety while also satisfying one important understanding of equality: that all individuals are held to the same standard, irrespective of race. Because the optimal constrained and unconstrained algorithms generally differ, there is tension between improving public safety and satisfying prevailing notions of algorithmic fairness. By examining data from Broward County, Florida, we show that this trade-off can be large in practice. We focus on algorithms for pretrial release decisions, but the principles we discuss apply to other domains, and also to human decision makers carrying out structured decision rules.	Algorithmic Decision Making and the Cost of Fairness	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Yuxiao Dong:Reid A. Johnson:Jian Xu:Nitesh V. Chawla	A widely recognized organizing principle of networks is structural homophily, which suggests that people with more common neighbors are more likely to connect with each other. However, what influence the diverse structures embedded in common neighbors have on link formation is much less well-understood. To explore this problem, we begin by characterizing the structural diversity of common neighborhoods. Using a collection of 120 large-scale networks, we demonstrate that the impact of the common neighborhood diversity on link existence can vary substantially across networks. We find that its positive effect on Facebook and negative effect on LinkedIn suggest different underlying networking needs in these networks. We also discover striking cases where diversity violates the principle of homophily---that is, where fewer mutual connections may lead to a higher tendency to link with each other. We then leverage structural diversity to develop a common neighborhood signature (CNS), which we apply to a large set of networks to uncover unique network superfamilies not discoverable by conventional methods. Our findings shed light on the pursuit to understand the ways in which network structures are organized and formed, pointing to potential advancement in designing graph generation models and recommender systems.	Structural Diversity and Homophily: A Study Across More Than One Hundred Big Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Nicole Eikmeier:David F. Gleich	By studying a large number of real world graphs, we find empirical evidence that most real world graphs have a statistically significant power-law distribution with a cutoff in the singular values of the adjacency matrix and eigenvalues of the Laplacian matrix in addition to the commonly conjectured power-law in the degrees. Among these results, power-laws in the singular values appear more consistently than in the degree distribution. The exponents of the power-law distributions are much larger than previously observed. We find a surprising direct relationship between the power-law in the degree distribution and the power-law in the eigenvalues of the Laplacian that was theorized in simple models but is extremely accurate in practice. We investigate these findings in large networks by studying the cutoff value itself, which shows a scaling law for the number of elements involved in these power-laws. Using the scaling law enables us to compute only a subset of eigenvalues of large networks, up to tens of millions of vertices and billions of edges, where we find that those too show evidence of statistically significant power-laws.	Revisiting Power-law Distributions in Spectra of Real World Networks	NA:NA	2017
Yanjie Fu:Charu Aggarwal:Srinivasan Parthasarathy:Deepak S. Turaga:Hui Xiong	Outlier detection is the identification of points in a dataset that do not conform to the norm. Outlier detection is highly sensitive to the choice of the detection algorithm and the feature subspace used by the algorithm. Extracting domain-relevant insights from outliers needs systematic exploration of these choices since diverse outlier sets could lead to complementary insights. This challenge is especially acute in an interactive setting, where the choices must be explored in a time-constrained manner. In this work, we present REMIX, the first system to address the problem of outlier detection in an interactive setting. REMIX uses a novel mixed integer programming (MIP) formulation for automatically selecting and executing a diverse set of outlier detectors within a time limit. This formulation incorporates multiple aspects such as (i) an upper limit on the total execution time of detectors (ii) diversity in the space of algorithms and features, and (iii) meta-learning for evaluating the cost and utility of detectors. REMIX provides two distinct ways for the analyst to consume its results: (i) a partitioning of the detectors explored by REMIX into perspectives through low-rank non-negative matrix factorization; each perspective can be easily visualized as an intuitive heatmap of experiments versus outliers, and (ii) an ensembled set of outliers which combines outlier scores from all detectors. We demonstrate the benefits of REMIX through extensive empirical validation on real-world data.	REMIX: Automated Exploration for Interactive Outlier Detection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Moshe Gabel:Daniel Keren:Assaf Schuster	Entropy is a fundamental property of data and a key metric in many scientific and engineering fields. Entropy estimation has been extensively studied, but almost always under the assumption that there is a single data stream, seen in its entirety by one node running the estimation algorithm. Multiple distributed data sources are becoming increasingly common, however, with applications in signal processing, computer science, medicine, physics, and more. Centralizing all data can be infeasible, for example in networks of battery or bandwidth limited sensors, so entropy estimation in distributed streams requires new, communication-efficient approaches. We propose a practical communication-efficient algorithm for continuously approximating the entropy of distributed streams, with deterministic, user-defined error bounds. Unlike previous streaming methods, it supports deletions and variable-sized time-based sliding windows, while still avoiding communication when possible. Moreover, it optionally incorporates a state-of-the-art entropy sketch, allowing for both bandwidth reduction and monitoring very high dimensional problems. Finally, it provides the approximation to all nodes, rather than to a centralized location, which is important in settings such as wireless sensor networks. Evaluation on several public datasets from real application domains shows that our adaptive algorithm can often reduce the number of messages by two orders of magnitude, compared to centralizing all data in one node.	Anarchists, Unite: Practical Entropy Approximation for Distributed Streams	NA:NA:NA	2017
Seyed Abbas Hosseini:Keivan Alizadeh:Ali Khodadadi:Ali Arabzadeh:Mehrdad Farajtabar:Hongyuan Zha:Hamid R. Rabiee	Poisson factorization is a probabilistic model of users and items for recommendation systems, where the so-called implicit consumer data is modeled by a factorized Poisson distribution. There are many variants of Poisson factorization methods who show state-of-the-art performance on real-world recommendation tasks. However, most of them do not explicitly take into account the temporal behavior and the recurrent activities of users which is essential to recommend the right item to the right user at the right time. In this paper, we introduce Recurrent Poisson Factorization (RPF) framework that generalizes the classical PF methods by utilizing a Poisson process for modeling the implicit feedback. RPF treats time as a natural constituent of the model and brings to the table a rich family of time-sensitive factorization models. To elaborate, we instantiate several variants of RPF who are capable of handling dynamic user preferences and item specification (DRPF), modeling the social-aspect of product adoption (SRPF), and capturing the consumption heterogeneity among users and items (HRPF). We also develop a variational algorithm for approximate posterior inference that scales up to massive data sets. Furthermore, we demonstrate RPF's superior performance over many state-of-the-art methods on synthetic dataset, and large scale real-world datasets on music streaming logs, and user-item interactions in M-Commerce platforms.	Recurrent Poisson Factorization for Temporal Recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Qiming Huang:Michael Zhu	We develop a novel method called SParse Optimal Transformations (SPOT) to simultaneously select important variables and explore relationships between the response and predictor variables in high dimensional nonparametric regression analysis. Not only are the optimal transformations identified by SPOT interpretable, they can also be used for response prediction. We further show that SPOT achieves consistency in both variable selection and parameter estimation. Numerical experiments and real data applications demonstrate that SPOT outperforms other existing methods and can serve as an effective tool in practice.	SPOT: Sparse Optimal Transformations for High Dimensional Variable Selection and Exploratory Regression Analysis	NA:NA	2017
Xiaowei Jia:Ankush Khandelwal:Guruprasad Nayak:James Gerber:Kimberly Carlson:Paul West:Vipin Kumar	Land cover prediction is essential for monitoring global environmental change. Unfortunately, traditional classification models are plagued by temporal variation and emergence of novel/unseen land cover classes in the prediction process. In this paper, we propose an LSTM-based spatio-temporal learning framework with a dual-memory structure. The dual-memory structure captures both long-term and short-term temporal variation patterns, and is updated incrementally to adapt the model to the ever-changing environment. Moreover, we integrate zero-shot learning to identify unseen classes even without labelled samples. Experiments on both synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed framework over multiple baselines in land cover prediction.	Incremental Dual-memory LSTM in Land Cover Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Meng Jiang:Jingbo Shang:Taylor Cassidy:Xiang Ren:Lance M. Kaplan:Timothy P. Hanratty:Jiawei Han	Mining textual patterns in news, tweets, papers, and many other kinds of text corpora has been an active theme in text mining and NLP research. Previous studies adopt a dependency parsing-based pattern discovery approach. However, the parsing results lose rich context around entities in the patterns, and the process is costly for a corpus of large scale. In this study, we propose a novel typed textual pattern structure, called meta pattern, which is extended to a frequent, informative, and precise subsequence pattern in certain context. We propose an efficient framework, called MetaPAD, which discovers meta patterns from massive corpora with three techniques: (1) it develops a context-aware segmentation method to carefully determine the boundaries of patterns with a learnt pattern quality assessment function, which avoids costly dependency parsing and generates high-quality patterns; (2) it identifies and groups synonymous meta patterns from multiple facets---their types, contexts, and extractions; and (3) it examines type distributions of entities in the instances extracted by each group of patterns, and looks for appropriate type levels to make discovered patterns precise. Experiments demonstrate that our proposed framework discovers high-quality typed textual patterns efficiently from different genres of massive corpora and facilitates information extraction.	MetaPAD: Meta Pattern Discovery from Massive Text Corpora	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Yejin Kim:Jimeng Sun:Hwanjo Yu:Xiaoqian Jiang	Tensor factorization models offer an effective approach to convert massive electronic health records into meaningful clinical concepts (phenotypes) for data analysis. These models need a large amount of diverse samples to avoid population bias. An open challenge is how to derive phenotypes jointly across multiple hospitals, in which direct patient-level data sharing is not possible (e.g., due to institutional policies). In this paper, we developed a novel solution to enable federated tensor factorization for computational phenotyping without sharing patient-level data. We developed secure data harmonization and federated computation procedures based on alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM). Using this method, the multiple hospitals iteratively update tensors and transfer secure summarized information to a central server, and the server aggregates the information to generate phenotypes. We demonstrated with real medical datasets that our method resembles the centralized training model (based on combined datasets) in terms of accuracy and phenotypes discovery while respecting privacy.	Federated Tensor Factorization for Computational Phenotyping	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Junpei Komiyama:Masakazu Ishihata:Hiroki Arimura:Takashi Nishibayashi:Shin-ichi Minato	Emerging patterns are patterns whose support significantly differs between two databases. We study the problem of listing emerging patterns with a multiple testing guarantee. Recently, Terada et al., proposed the Limitless Arity Multiple-testing Procedure (LAMP) that controls the family-wise error rate (FWER) in statistical association mining. LAMP reduces the number of "untestable" hypotheses without compromising its statistical power. Still, FWER is restrictive, and as a result, its statistical power is inherently unsatisfying when the number of patterns is large. On the other hand, the false discovery rate (FDR) is less restrictive than FWER, and thus controlling FDR yields a larger number of significant patterns. We propose two emerging pattern mining methods: the first one controls FWER, and the second one controls FDR. The effectiveness of the methods is verified in computer simulations with real-world datasets.	Statistical Emerging Pattern Mining with Multiple Testing Correction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Igor Labutov:Yun Huang:Peter Brusilovsky:Daqing He	Educational content of today no longer only resides in textbooks and classrooms; more and more learning material is found in a free, accessible form on the Internet. Our long-standing vision is to transform this web of educational content into an adaptive, web-scale "textbook", that can guide its readers to most relevant "pages" according to their learning goal and current knowledge. In this paper, we address one core, long-standing problem towards this goal: identifying outcome and prerequisite concepts within a piece of educational content (e.g., a tutorial). Specifically, we propose a novel approach that leverages textbooks as a source of distant supervision, but learns a model that can generalize to arbitrary documents (such as those on the web). As such, our model can take advantage of any existing textbook, without requiring expert annotation. At the task of predicting outcome and prerequisite concepts, we demonstrate improvements over a number of baselines on six textbooks, especially in the regime of little to no ground-truth labels available. Finally, we demonstrate the utility of a model learned using our approach at the task of identifying prerequisite documents for adaptive content recommendation --- an important step towards our vision of the "web as a textbook".	Semi-Supervised Techniques for Mining Learning Outcomes and Prerequisites	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Huayu Li:Yong Ge:Hengshu Zhu:Hui Xiong:Hongke Zhao	The study of career development has become more important during a time of rising competition. Even with the help of newly available big data in the field of human resources, it is challenging to prospect the career development of talents in an effective manner, since the nature and structure of talent careers can change quickly. To this end, in this paper, we propose a novel survival analysis approach to model the talent career paths, with a focus on two critical issues in talent management, namely turnover and career progression. Specifically, for modeling the talent turnover behaviors, we formulate the prediction of survival status at a sequence of time intervals as a multi-task learning problem by considering the prediction at each time interval as a task. Also, we impose the ranking constraints to model both censored and uncensored data, and capture the intrinsic properties exhibited in general lifetime modeling with non-recurrent and recurrent events. Similarly, for modeling the talent career progression, each task concerns the prediction of a relative occupational level at each time interval. The ranking constraints imposed on different occupational levels can help to reduce the prediction error. Finally, we evaluate our approach with several state-of-the-art baseline methods on real-world talent data. The experimental results clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed models for predicting the turnover and career progression of talents.	Prospecting the Career Development of Talents: A Survival Analysis Perspective	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Huayu Li:Martin Renqiang Min:Yong Ge:Asim Kadav	Neural network based sequence-to-sequence models in an encoder-decoder framework have been successfully applied to solve Question Answering (QA) problems, predicting answers from statements and questions. However, almost all previous models have failed to consider detailed context information and unknown states under which systems do not have enough information to answer given questions. These scenarios with incomplete or ambiguous information are very common in the setting of Interactive Question Answering (IQA). To address this challenge, we develop a novel model, employing context-dependent word-level attention for more accurate statement representations and question-guided sentence-level attention for better context modeling. We also generate unique IQA datasets to test our model, which will be made publicly available. Employing these attention mechanisms, our model accurately understands when it can output an answer or when it requires generating a supplementary question for additional input depending on different contexts. When available, user's feedback is encoded and directly applied to update sentence-level attention to infer an answer. Extensive experiments on QA and IQA datasets quantitatively demonstrate the effectiveness of our model with significant improvement over state-of-the-art conventional QA models.	A Context-aware Attention Network for Interactive Question Answering	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Sulin Liu:Sinno Jialin Pan:Qirong Ho	Multi-task learning aims to learn multiple tasks jointly by exploiting their relatedness to improve the generalization performance for each task. Traditionally, to perform multi-task learning, one needs to centralize data from all the tasks to a single machine. However, in many real-world applications, data of different tasks may be geo-distributed over different local machines. Due to heavy communication caused by transmitting the data and the issue of data privacy and security, it is impossible to send data of different task to a master machine to perform multi-task learning. Therefore, in this paper, we propose a distributed multi-task learning framework that simultaneously learns predictive models for each task as well as task relationships between tasks alternatingly in the parameter server paradigm. In our framework, we first offer a general dual form for a family of regularized multi-task relationship learning methods. Subsequently, we propose a communication-efficient primal-dual distributed optimization algorithm to solve the dual problem by carefully designing local subproblems to make the dual problem decomposable. Moreover, we provide a theoretical convergence analysis for the proposed algorithm, which is specific for distributed multi-task relationship learning. We conduct extensive experiments on both synthetic and real-world datasets to evaluate our proposed framework in terms of effectiveness and convergence.	Distributed Multi-Task Relationship Learning	NA:NA:NA	2017
Yanchi Liu:Chuanren Liu:Xinjiang Lu:Mingfei Teng:Hengshu Zhu:Hui Xiong	Point-of-Interest (POI) demand modeling in urban regions is critical for many applications such as business site selection and real estate investment. While some efforts have been made for the demand analysis of some specific POI categories, such as restaurants, it lacks systematic means to support POI demand modeling. To this end, in this paper, we develop a systematic POI demand modeling framework, named Region POI Demand Identification (RPDI), to model POI demands by exploiting the daily needs of people identified from their large-scale mobility data. Specifically, we first partition the urban space into spatially differentiated neighborhood regions formed by many small local communities. Then, the daily activity patterns of people traveling in the city will be extracted from human mobility data. Since the trip activities, even aggregated, are sparse and insufficient to directly identify the POI demands, especially for underdeveloped regions, we develop a latent factor model that integrates human mobility data, POI profiles, and demographic data to robustly model the POI demand of urban regions in a holistic way. In this model, POI preferences and supplies are used together with demographic features to estimate the POI demands simultaneously for all the urban regions interconnected in the city. Moreover, we also design efficient algorithms to optimize the latent model for large-scale data. Finally, experimental results on real-world data in New York City (NYC) show that our method is effective for identifying POI demands for different regions.	Point-of-Interest Demand Modeling with Human Mobility Patterns	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Junming Liu:Leilei Sun:Qiao Li:Jingci Ming:Yanchi Liu:Hui Xiong	Bike sharing systems, aiming at providing the missing links in public transportation systems, are becoming popular in urban cities. Many providers of bike sharing systems are ready to expand their bike stations from the existing service area to surrounding regions. A key to success for a bike sharing systems expansion is the bike demand prediction for expansion areas. There are two major challenges in this demand prediction problem: First. the bike transition records are not available for the expansion area and second. station level bike demand have big variances across the urban city. Previous research efforts mainly focus on discovering global features, assuming the station bike demands react equally to the global features, which brings large prediction error when the urban area is large and highly diversified. To address these challenges, in this paper, we develop a hierarchical station bike demand predictor which analyzes bike demands from functional zone level to station level. Specifically, we first divide the studied bike stations into functional zones by a novel Bi-clustering algorithm which is designed to cluster bike stations with similar POI characteristics and close geographical distances together. Then, the hourly bike check-ins and check-outs of functional zones are predicted by integrating three influential factors: distance preference, zone-to-zone preference, and zone characteristics. The station demand is estimated by studying the demand distributions among the stations within the same functional zone. Finally, the extensive experimental results on the NYC Citi Bike system with two expansion stages show the advantages of our approach on station demand and balance prediction for bike sharing system expansions.	Functional Zone Based Hierarchical Demand Prediction For Bike System Expansion	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Fenglong Ma:Chuishi Meng:Houping Xiao:Qi Li:Jing Gao:Lu Su:Aidong Zhang	Drug side-effects become a worldwide public health concern, which are the fourth leading cause of death in the United States. Pharmaceutical industry has paid tremendous effort to identify drug side-effects during the drug development. However, it is impossible and impractical to identify all of them. Fortunately, drug side-effects can also be reported on heterogeneous platforms (i.e., data sources), such as FDA Adverse Event Reporting System and various online communities. However, existing supervised and semi-supervised approaches are not practical as annotating labels are expensive in the medical field. In this paper, we propose a novel and effective unsupervised model Sifter to automatically discover drug side-effects. Sifter enhances the estimation on drug side-effects by learning from various online platforms and measuring platform-level and user-level quality simultaneously. In this way, Sifter demonstrates better performance compared with existing approaches in terms of correctly identifying drug side-effects. Experimental results on five real-world datasets show that Sifter can significantly improve the performance of identifying side-effects compared with the state-of-the-art approaches.	Unsupervised Discovery of Drug Side-Effects from Heterogeneous Data Sources	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Samuel Maurus:Claudia Plant	Benford's Law explains a curious phenomenon in which the leading digits of "naturally-occurring" numerical data are distributed in a precise fashion. In this paper we begin by showing that system metrics generated by many modern information systems like Twitter, Wikipedia, YouTube and GitHub obey this law. We then propose a novel unsupervised approach called BenFound that exploits this property to detect anomalous system events. BenFound tracks the "Benfordness" of key system metrics, like the follower counts of tweeting Twitter users or the change deltas in Wikipedia page edits. It then applies a novel Benford-conformity test in real-time to identify "non-Benford events". We investigate a variety of such events, showing that they correspond to unnatural and often undesirable system interactions like spamming, hashtag-hijacking and denial-of-service attacks. The result is a technically-uncomplicated and effective "red flagging" technique that can be used to complement existing anomaly-detection approaches. Although not without its limitations, it is highly efficient and requires neither obscure parameters, nor text streams, nor natural-language processing.	Let's See Your Digits: Anomalous-State Detection using Benford's Law	NA:NA	2017
Guo-Jun Qi:Jiliang Tang:Jingdong Wang:Jiebo Luo	Forecasting the future observations of time-series data can be performed by modeling the trend and fluctuations from the observed data. Many classical time-series analysis models like Autoregressive model (AR) and its variants have been developed to achieve such forecasting ability. While they are often based on the white noise assumption to model the data fluctuations, a more general Brownian motion has been adopted that results in Ornstein-Uhlenbeck (OU) process. The OU process has gained huge successes in predicting the future observations over many genres of time series, however, it is still limited in modeling simple diffusion dynamics driven by a single persistent factor that never evolves over time. However, in many real problems, a mixture of hidden factors are usually present, and when and how frequently they appear or disappear are unknown ahead of time. This imposes a challenge that inspires us to develop a Mixture Factorized OU process (MFOUP) to model evolving factors. The new model is able to capture the changing states of multiple mixed hidden factors, from which we can infer their roles in driving the movements of time series. We conduct experiments on three forecasting problems, covering sensor and market data streams. The results show its competitive performance on predicting future observations and capturing evolution patterns of hidden factors as compared with the other algorithms.	Mixture Factorized Ornstein-Uhlenbeck Processes for Time-Series Forecasting	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Meng Qu:Xiang Ren:Jiawei Han	Recognizing entity synonyms from text has become a crucial task in many entity-leveraging applications. However, discovering entity synonyms from domain-specific text corpora (e.g., news articles, scientific papers) is rather challenging. Current systems take an entity name string as input to find out other names that are synonymous, ignoring the fact that often times a name string can refer to multiple entities (e.g., "apple" could refer to both Apple Inc. and the fruit apple). Moreover, most existing methods require training data manually created by domain experts to construct supervised-learning systems. In this paper, we study the problem of automatic synonym discovery with knowledge bases, that is, identifying synonyms for knowledge base entities in a given domain-specific corpus. The manually-curated synonyms for each entity stored in a knowledge base not only form a set of name strings to disambiguate the meaning for each other, but also can serve as "distant" supervision to help determine important features for the task. We propose a novel framework, called DPE, to integrate two kinds of mutually-complementing signals for synonym discovery, i.e., distributional features based on corpus-level statistics and textual patterns based on local contexts. In particular, DPE jointly optimizes the two kinds of signals in conjunction with distant supervision, so that they can mutually enhance each other in the training stage. At the inference stage, both signals will be utilized to discover synonyms for the given entities. Experimental results prove the effectiveness of the proposed framework.	Automatic Synonym Discovery with Knowledge Bases	NA:NA:NA	2017
Edward Raff:Charles Nicholas	The Normalized Compression Distance (NCD) has been used in a number of domains to compare objects with varying feature types. This flexibility comes from the use of general purpose compression algorithms as the means of computing distances between byte sequences. Such flexibility makes NCD particularly attractive for cases where the right features to use are not obvious, such as malware classification. However, NCD can be computationally demanding, thereby restricting the scale at which it can be applied. We introduce an alternative metric also inspired by compression, the Lempel-Ziv Jaccard Distance (LZJD). We show that this new distance has desirable theoretical properties, as well as comparable or superior performance for malware classification, while being easy to implement and orders of magnitude faster in practice.	An Alternative to NCD for Large Sequences, Lempel-Ziv Jaccard Distance	NA:NA	2017
Polina Rozenshtein:Nikolaj Tatti:Aristides Gionis	Online social networks are growing and becoming denser.The social connections of a given person may have very high variability: from close friends and relatives to acquaintances to people who hardly know. Inferring the strength of social ties is an important ingredient for modeling the interaction of users in a network and understanding their behavior. Furthermore, the problem has applications in computational social science, viral marketing, and people recommendation. In this paper we study the problem of inferring the strength of social ties in a given network. Our work is motivated by a recent approach by Sintos et. al [24], which leverages the Strong Triadic Closure} STC principle, a hypothesis rooted in social psychology. To guide our inference process, in addition to the network structure, we also consider as input a collection of tight communities. Those are sets of vertices that we expect to be connected via strong ties. Such communities appear in different situations, e.g., when being part of a community implies a strong connection to one of the existing members. We consider two related problem formalizations that reflect the assumptions of our setting: small number of STC violations and strong-tie connectivity in the input communities. We show that both problem formulations are NP-hard. We also show that one problem formulation is hard to approximate, while for the second we develop an algorithm with approximation guarantee. We validate the proposed method on real-world datasets by comparing with baselines that optimize STC violations and community connectivity separately.	Inferring the Strength of Social Ties: A Community-Driven Approach	NA:NA:NA	2017
Martin Saveski:Jean Pouget-Abadie:Guillaume Saint-Jacques:Weitao Duan:Souvik Ghosh:Ya Xu:Edoardo M. Airoldi	Randomized experiments, or A/B tests, are the standard approach for evaluating the causal effects of new product features, i.e., treatments. The validity of these tests rests on the "stable unit treatment value assumption" (SUTVA), which implies that the treatment only affects the behavior of treated users, and does not affect the behavior of their connections. Violations of SUTVA, common in features that exhibit network effects, result in inaccurate estimates of the causal effect of treatment. In this paper, we leverage a new experimental design for testing whether SUTVA holds, without making any assumptions on how treatment effects may spill over between the treatment and the control group. To achieve this, we simultaneously run both a completely randomized and a cluster-based randomized experiment, and then we compare the difference of the resulting estimates. We present a statistical test for measuring the significance of this difference and offer theoretical bounds on the Type I error rate. We provide practical guidelines for implementing our methodology on large-scale experimentation platforms. Importantly, the proposed methodology can be applied to settings in which a network is not necessarily observed but, if available, can be used in the analysis. Finally, we deploy this design to LinkedIn's experimentation platform and apply it to two online experiments, highlighting the presence of network effects and bias in standard A/B testing approaches in a real-world setting.	Detecting Network Effects: Randomizing Over Randomized Experiments	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Ingo Scholtes	We introduce a framework for the modeling of sequential data capturing pathways of varying lengths observed in a network. Such data are important, e.g., when studying click streams in the Web, travel patterns in transportation systems, information cascades in social networks, biological pathways, or time-stamped social interactions. While it is common to apply graph analytics and network analysis to such data, recent works have shown that temporal correlations can invalidate the results of such methods. This raises a fundamental question: When is a network abstraction of sequential data justified?Addressing this open question, we propose a framework that combines Markov chains of multiple, higher orders into a multi-layer graphical model that captures temporal correlations in pathways at multiple length scales simultaneously. We develop a model selection technique to infer the optimal number of layers of such a model and show that it outperforms baseline Markov order detection techniques. An application to eight real-world data sets on pathways and temporal networks shows that it allows to infer graphical models that capture both topological and temporal characteristics of such data. Our work highlights fallacies of network abstractions and provides a principled answer to the open question when they are justified. Generalizing network representations to multi-order graphical models, it opens perspectives for new data mining and knowledge discovery algorithms.	When is a Network a Network?: Multi-Order Graphical Model Selection in Pathways and Temporal Networks	NA	2017
Yelong Shen:Po-Sen Huang:Jianfeng Gao:Weizhu Chen	Teaching a computer to read and answer general questions pertaining to a document is a challenging yet unsolved problem. In this paper, we describe a novel neural network architecture called the Reasoning Network (ReasoNet) for machine comprehension tasks. ReasoNets make use of multiple turns to effectively exploit and then reason over the relation among queries, documents, and answers. Different from previous approaches using a fixed number of turns during inference, ReasoNets introduce a termination state to relax this constraint on the reasoning depth. With the use of reinforcement learning, ReasoNets can dynamically determine whether to continue the comprehension process after digesting intermediate results, or to terminate reading when it concludes that existing information is adequate to produce an answer. ReasoNets achieve superior performance in machine comprehension datasets, including unstructured CNN and Daily Mail datasets, the Stanford SQuAD dataset, and a structured Graph Reachability dataset.	ReasoNet: Learning to Stop Reading in Machine Comprehension	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Kijung Shin:Bryan Hooi:Jisu Kim:Christos Faloutsos	Consider a stream of retweet events - how can we spot fraudulent lock-step behavior in such multi-aspect data (i.e., tensors) evolving over time? Can we detect it in real time, with an accuracy guarantee? Past studies have shown that dense subtensors tend to indicate anomalous or even fraudulent behavior in many tensor data, including social media, Wikipedia, and TCP dumps. Thus, several algorithms have been proposed for detecting dense subtensors rapidly and accurately. However, existing algorithms assume that tensors are static, while many real-world tensors, including those mentioned above, evolve over time. We propose DENSESTREAM, an incremental algorithm that maintains and updates a dense subtensor in a tensor stream (i.e., a sequence of changes in a tensor), and DENSESALERT, an incremental algorithm spotting the sudden appearances of dense subtensors. Our algorithms are: (1) Fast and "any time": updates by our algorithms are up to a million times faster than the fastest batch algorithms, (2) Provably accurate: our algorithms guarantee a lower bound on the density of the subtensor they maintain, and (3) Effective: our DENSESALERT successfully spots anomalies in real-world tensors, especially those overlooked by existing algorithms.	DenseAlert: Incremental Dense-Subtensor Detection in Tensor Streams	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Alban Siffer:Pierre-Alain Fouque:Alexandre Termier:Christine Largouet	Anomaly detection in time series has attracted considerable attention due to its importance in many real-world applications including intrusion detection, energy management and finance. Most approaches for detecting outliers rely on either manually set thresholds or assumptions on the distribution of data according to Chandola, Banerjee and Kumar. Here, we propose a new approach to detect outliers in streaming univariate time series based on Extreme Value Theory that does not require to hand-set thresholds and makes no assumption on the distribution: the main parameter is only the risk, controlling the number of false positives. Our approach can be used for outlier detection, but more generally for automatically setting thresholds, making it useful in wide number of situations. We also experiment our algorithms on various real-world datasets which confirm its soundness and efficiency.	Anomaly Detection in Streams with Extreme Value Theory	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Mayank Singh:Rajdeep Sarkar:Pawan Goyal:Animesh Mukherjee:Soumen Chakrabarti	The rate at which nodes in evolving social networks acquire links (friends, citations) shows complex temporal dynamics. Preferential attachment and link copying models, while enabling elegant analysis, only capture rich-gets-richer effects, not aging and decline. Recent aging models are complex and heavily parameterized; most involve estimating 1-3 parameters per node. These parameters are intrinsic: they explain decline in terms of events in the past of the same node, and do not explain, using the network, where the linking attention might go instead. We argue that traditional characterization of linking dynamics are insufficient to judge the faithfulness of models. We propose a new temporal sketch of an evolving graph, and introduce several new characterizations of a network's temporal dynamics. Then we propose a new family of frugal aging models with no per-node parameters and only two global parameters. Our model is based on a surprising inversion or undoing of triangle completion, where an old node relays a citation to a younger follower in its immediate vicinity. Despite very few parameters, the new family of models shows remarkably better fit with real data. Before concluding, we analyze temporal signatures for various research communities yielding further insights into their comparative dynamics. To facilitate reproducible research, we shall soon make all the codes and the processed dataset available in the public domain.	Relay-Linking Models for Prominence and Obsolescence in Evolving Networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Hwanjun Song:Jae-Gil Lee:Wook-Shin Han	The k-medoids algorithm is one of the best-known clustering algorithms. Despite this, however, it is not as widely used for big data analytics as the k-means algorithm, mainly because of its high computational complexity. Many studies have attempted to solve the efficiency problem of the k-medoids algorithm, but all such studies have improved efficiency at the expense of accuracy. In this paper, we propose a novel parallel k-medoids algorithm, which we call PAMAE, that achieves both high accuracy and high efficiency. We identify two factors---"global search" and "entire data"---that are essential to achieving high accuracy, but are also very time-consuming if considered simultaneously. Thus, our key idea is to apply them individually through two phases: parallel seeding and parallel refinement, neither of which is costly. The first phase performs global search over sampled data, and the second phase performs local search over entire data. Our theoretical analysis proves that this serial execution of the two phases leads to an accurate solution that would be achieved by global search over entire data. In order to validate the merit of our approach, we implement PAMAE on Spark as well as Hadoop and conduct extensive experiments using various real-world data sets on 12 Microsoft Azure machines (48 cores). The results show that PAMAE significantly outperforms most of recent parallel algorithms and, at the same time, produces a clustering quality as comparable as the previous most-accurate algorithm. The source code and data are available at https://github.com/jaegil/k-Medoid.	PAMAE: Parallel k-Medoids Clustering with High Accuracy and Efficiency	NA:NA:NA	2017
Joseph St.Amand:Jun Huan	Mahalanobis distance metric learning becomes an especially challenging problem as the dimension of the feature space p is scaled upwards. The number of parameters to optimize grows with space complexity of order O (p 2), making storage infeasible, interpretability poor, and causing the model to have a high tendency to overfit. Additionally, optimization while maintaining feasibility of the solution becomes prohibitively expensive, requiring a projection onto the positive semi-definite cone after every iteration. In addition to the obvious space and computational challenges, vanilla distance metric learning is unable to model complex and multi-modal trends in the data. Inspired by the recent resurgence of Frank-Wolfe style optimization, we propose a new method for sparse compositional local Mahalanobis distance metric learning. Our proposed technique learns a set of distance metrics which are composed of local and global components. We capture local interactions in the feature space, while ensuring that all metrics share a global component, which may act as a regularizer. We optimize our model using an alternating pairwise Frank-Wolfe style algorithm. This serves a dual purpose, we can control the sparsity of our solution, and altogether avoid any expensive projection operations. Finally, we conduct an empirical evaluation of our method with the current state of the art and present the results on five datasets from varying domains.	Sparse Compositional Local Metric Learning	NA:NA	2017
Jian Tang:Yue Wang:Kai Zheng:Qiaozhu Mei	Effectively making sense of short texts is a critical task for many real world applications such as search engines, social media services, and recommender systems. The task is particularly challenging as a short text contains very sparse information, often too sparse for a machine learning algorithm to pick up useful signals. A common practice for analyzing short text is to first expand it with external information, which is usually harvested from a large collection of longer texts. In literature, short text expansion has been done with all kinds of heuristics. We propose an end-to-end solution that automatically learns how to expand short text to optimize a given learning task. A novel deep memory network is proposed to automatically find relevant information from a collection of longer documents and reformulate the short text through a gating mechanism. Using short text classification as a demonstrating task, we show that the deep memory network significantly outperforms classical text expansion methods with comprehensive experiments on real world data sets.	End-to-end Learning for Short Text Expansion	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
BÃƒÂ¡lint Tillman:Athina Markopoulou:Carter T. Butts:Minas Gjoka	We study the problem of generating synthetic graphs that resemble real-world directed graphs in terms of their degree correlations. In order to capture degree correlation specifically for directed graphs, we define directed 2K (D2K) as those graphs with a given directed degree sequence (DDS) and a given target joint degree and attribute matrix (JDAM). We provide necessary and sufficient conditions for a target D2K to be realizable and we design an efficient algorithm that generates graph realizations with exactly the target D2K. We apply our algorithm to generate synthetic graphs that target real-world directed graphs (such as Twitter), and we demonstrate its benefits compared to state-of-the-art construction algorithms.	Construction of Directed 2K Graphs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Berk Ustun:Cynthia Rudin	Risk scores are simple classification models that let users quickly assess risk by adding, subtracting, and multiplying a few small numbers. Such models are widely used in healthcare and criminal justice, but are often built ad hoc. In this paper, we present a principled approach to learn risk scores that are fully optimized for feature selection, integer coefficients, and operational constraints. We formulate the risk score problem as a mixed integer nonlinear program, and present a new cutting plane algorithm to efficiently recover its optimal solution. Our approach can fit optimized risk scores in a way that scales linearly with the sample size of a dataset, provides a proof of optimality, and obeys complex constraints without parameter tuning. We illustrate these benefits through an extensive set of numerical experiments, and an application where we build a customized risk score for ICU seizure prediction.	Optimized Risk Scores	NA:NA	2017
Hao Wang:Yanmei Fu:Qinyong Wang:Hongzhi Yin:Changying Du:Hui Xiong	Spatial item recommendation has become an important means to help people discover interesting locations, especially when people pay a visit to unfamiliar regions. Some current researches are focusing on modelling individual and collective geographical preferences for spatial item recommendation based on users' check-in records, but they fail to explore the phenomenon of user interest drift across geographical regions, i.e., users would show different interests when they travel to different regions. Besides, they ignore the influence of public comments for subsequent users' check-in behaviors. Specifically, it is intuitive that users would refuse to check in to a spatial item whose historical reviews seem negative overall, even though it might fit their interests. Therefore, it is necessary to recommend the right item to the right user at the right location. In this paper, we propose a latent probabilistic generative model called LSARS to mimic the decision-making process of users' check-in activities both in home-town and out-of-town scenarios by adapting to user interest drift and crowd sentiments, which can learn location-aware and sentiment-aware individual interests from the contents of spatial items and user reviews. Due to the sparsity of user activities in out-of-town regions, LSARS is further designed to incorporate the public preferences learned from local users' check-in behaviors. Finally, we deploy LSARS into two practical application scenes: spatial item recommendation and target user discovery. Extensive experiments on two large-scale location-based social networks (LBSNs) datasets show that LSARS achieves better performance than existing state-of-the-art methods.	A Location-Sentiment-Aware Recommender System for Both Home-Town and Out-of-Town Users	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Qinglong Wang:Wenbo Guo:Kaixuan Zhang:Alexander G. Ororbia, II:Xinyu Xing:Xue Liu:C. Lee Giles	Outside the highly publicized victories in the game of Go, there have been numerous successful applications of deep learning in the fields of information retrieval, computer vision, and speech recognition. In cybersecurity, an increasing number of companies have begun exploring the use of deep learning (DL) in a variety of security tasks with malware detection among the more popular. These companies claim that deep neural networks (DNNs) could help turn the tide in the war against malware infection. However, DNNs are vulnerable to adversarial samples, a shortcoming that plagues most, if not all, statistical and machine learning models. Recent research has demonstrated that those with malicious intent can easily circumvent deep learning-powered malware detection by exploiting this weakness. To address this problem, previous work developed defense mechanisms that are based on augmenting training data or enhancing model complexity. However, after analyzing DNN susceptibility to adversarial samples, we discover that the current defense mechanisms are limited and, more importantly, cannot provide theoretical guarantees of robustness against adversarial sampled-based attacks. As such, we propose a new adversary resistant technique that obstructs attackers from constructing impactful adversarial samples by randomly nullifying features within data vectors. Our proposed technique is evaluated on a real world dataset with 14,679 malware variants and 17,399 benign programs. We theoretically validate the robustness of our technique, and empirically show that our technique significantly boosts DNN robustness to adversarial samples while maintaining high accuracy in classification. To demonstrate the general applicability of our proposed method, we also conduct experiments using the MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets, widely used in image recognition research.	Adversary Resistant Deep Neural Networks with an Application to Malware Detection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Qi Wang:Mengying Sun:Liang Zhan:Paul Thompson:Shuiwang Ji:Jiayu Zhou	Alzheimer's disease (AD), one of the most common causes of dementia, is a severe irreversible neurodegenerative disease that results in loss of mental functions. The transitional stage between the expected cognitive decline of normal aging and AD, mild cognitive impairment (MCI), has been widely regarded as a suitable time for possible therapeutic intervention. The challenging task of MCI detection is therefore of great clinical importance, where the key is to effectively fuse predictive information from multiple heterogeneous data sources collected from the patients. In this paper, we propose a framework to fuse multiple data modalities for predictive modeling using deep matrix factorization, which explores the non-linear interactions among the modalities and exploits such interactions to transfer knowledge and enable high performance prediction. Specifically, the proposed collective deep matrix factorization decomposes all modalities simultaneously to capture non-linear structures of the modalities in a supervised manner, and learns a modality specific component for each modality and a modality invariant component across all modalities. The modality invariant component serves as a compact feature representation of patients that has high predictive power. The modality specific components provide an effective means to explore imaging genetics, yielding insights into how imaging and genotype interact with each other non-linearly in the AD pathology. Extensive empirical studies using various data modalities provided by Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method for fusing heterogeneous modalities.	Multi-Modality Disease Modeling via Collective Deep Matrix Factorization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
Tianyi Wu:Shinya Sugawara:Kenji Yamanishi	We propose a new model selection criterion based on the minimum description length principle in a name of the decomposed normalized maximum likelihood criterion. Our criterion can be applied to a large class of hierarchical latent variable models, such as the Naive Bayes models, stochastic block models and latent Dirichlet allocations, for which many conventional information criteria cannot be straightforwardly applied due to irregularity of latent variable models. Our method also has an advantage that it can be exactly evaluated without asymptotic approximation with small time complexity. Our experiments using synthetic and real data demonstrated validity of our method in terms of computational efficiency and model selection accuracy, while our criterion especially dominated the other criteria when sample size is small and when data are noisy.	Decomposed Normalized Maximum Likelihood Codelength Criterion for Selecting Hierarchical Latent Variable Models	NA:NA:NA	2017
Fei Wu:Pranay Anchuri:Zhenhui Li	A wide range of modern web applications are only possible because of the composable nature of the web services they are built upon. It is, therefore, often critical to ensure proper functioning of these web services. As often, the server-side of web services is not directly accessible, several log message based analysis have been developed to monitor the status of web services. Existing techniques focus on using clusters of messages (log patterns) to detect important system events. We argue that meaningful system events are often representable by groups of cohesive log messages and the relationships among these groups. We propose a novel method to mine structural events as directed workflow graphs (where nodes represent log patterns, and edges represent relations among patterns). The structural events are inclusive and correspond to interpretable episodes in the system. The problem is non-trivial due to the nature of log data: (i) Individual log messages contain limited information, and (ii) Log messages in a large scale web system are often interleaved even though the log messages from individual components are ordered. As a result, the patterns and relationships mined directly from the messages and their ordering can be erroneous and unreliable in practice. Our solution is based on the observation that meaningful log patterns and relations often form workflow structures that are connected. Our method directly models the overall quality of structural events. Through both qualitative and quantitative experiments on real world datasets, we demonstrate the effectiveness and the expressiveness of our event detection method.	Structural Event Detection from Log Messages	NA:NA:NA	2017
Tao Wu:David F. Gleich	Users form information trails as they checkin with a geolocation, rate items, or consume media. A common problem is to predict what a user might do next for the purposes of guidance, recommendation, or prefetching. Markov chains models have been widely used methods to study such sequences of data. First-order Markov chains are easy to estimate, but lack accuracy when history matters. Higher-order Markov chains, in contrast, have too many parameters and suffer from overfitting the training data. Fitting these parameters with regularization and smoothing only offers mild improvements. In this paper we propose the retrospective higher-order Markov process (RHOMP) as a low-parameter model for such sequences. This model is a special case of a higher-order Markov chain where the transitions depend retrospectively on a single history state instead of an arbitrary combination of history states. There are two immediate computational advantages: the number of parameters is linear in the order of the Markov chain and the model can be fit to large state spaces. Furthermore, by providing a specific structure to the higher-order chain, RHOMPs improve the model accuracy by efficiently utilizing history states without risks of overfitting the data. We demonstrate how to estimate a RHOMP from data and we demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on various real application datasets spanning geolocation data, review sequences, and business locations. The RHOMP model uniformly outperforms higher-order Markov chains, Kneser-Ney regularization, and tensor factorizations in terms of prediction accuracy.	Retrospective Higher-Order Markov Processes for User Trails	NA:NA	2017
Liyang Xie:Inci M. Baytas:Kaixiang Lin:Jiayu Zhou	Many data mining applications involve a set of related learning tasks. Multi-task learning (MTL) is a learning paradigm that improves generalization performance by transferring knowledge among those tasks. MTL has attracted so much attention in the community, and various algorithms have been successfully developed. Recently, distributed MTL has also been studied for related tasks whose data is distributed across different geographical regions. One prominent challenge of the distributed MTL frameworks is to maintain the privacy of the data. The distributed data may contain sensitive and private information such as patients' records and registers of a company. In such cases, distributed MTL frameworks are required to preserve the privacy of the data. In this paper, we propose a novel privacy-preserving distributed MTL framework to address this challenge. A privacy-preserving proximal gradient algorithm, which asynchronously updates models of the learning tasks, is introduced to solve a general class of MTL formulations. The proposed asynchronous approach is robust against network delays and provides a guaranteed differential privacy through carefully designed perturbation. Theoretical guarantees of the proposed algorithm are derived and supported by the extensive experimental results.	Privacy-Preserving Distributed Multi-Task Learning with Asynchronous Updates	NA:NA:NA:NA	2017
