Qi Lu	No one doubts that we have only scratched the surface of what is possible with the Web. The day is coming fast when the Web will become almost a virtual mind reader. Your intent, interests, and needs will be instantly perceived and the information you want will be promptly delivered -- whether you ask for it directly or not -- based on a deep understanding of the meaning of words in your query, knowledge of your preferences and patterns, what others have done before you, your location, and more. In this talk, I will share some of my thoughts about where the Web is heading and how search will be transformed to align to this new Web, laying out some specifics behind Microsoft's vision to empower people with knowledge.	Future of the web and search	NA	2018
ChengXiang Zhai	Search is generally a means to the end of finishing a task. While the current search engines are useful to users for finding relevant information, they offer little help to users for further digesting and analyzing the overwhelming found information needed for finishing a complex task. In this talk, I will discuss how statistical topic models can be used to help users analyze and digest the found relevant information and turn search results into actionable knowledge needed to complete a task. I will present several general statistical topic models for extracting and analyzing topics and their patterns in text, and show sample applications of such models in tasks such as opinion integration, comparative summarization, contextual topic trend analysis, and event impact analysis. The talk will conclude with a discussion of novel challenges raised in extending a search engine to an analysis engine that can go beyond search to provide more complete support for users to finish their tasks.	Beyond search: statistical topic models for text analysis	NA	2018
Alexander Kotov:Paul N. Bennett:Ryen W. White:Susan T. Dumais:Jaime Teevan	The information needs of search engine users vary in complexity, depending on the task they are trying to accomplish. Some simple needs can be satisfied with a single query, whereas others require a series of queries issued over a longer period of time. While search engines effectively satisfy many simple needs, searchers receive little support when their information needs span session boundaries. In this work, we propose methods for modeling and analyzing user search behavior that extends over multiple search sessions. We focus on two problems: (i) given a user query, identify all of the related queries from previous sessions that the same user has issued, and (ii) given a multi-query task for a user, predict whether the user will return to this task in the future. We model both problems within a classification framework that uses features of individual queries and long-term user search behavior at different granularity. Experimental evaluation of the proposed models for both tasks indicates that it is possible to effectively model and analyze cross-session search behavior. Our findings have implications for improving search for complex information needs and designing search engine features to support cross-session search tasks.	Modeling and analysis of cross-session search tasks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leif Azzopardi	Searching is inherently an interactive process usually requiring numerous iterations of querying and assessing in order to find the desired amount of relevant information. Essentially, the search process can be viewed as a combination of inputs (queries and assessments) which are used to "produce" output (relevance). Under this view, it is possible to adapt microeconomic theory to analyze and understand the dynamics of Interactive Information Retrieval. In this paper, we approach the search process as an economics problem and conduct extensive simulations on TREC test collections analyzing various combinations of inputs in the "production" of relevance. The analysis reveals that the total Cumulative Gain (output) obtained during the course of a search session is functionally related to querying and assessing (inputs), and this can be characterized mathematically by the Cobbs-Douglas production function. Further analysis using cost models, that are grounded using cognitive load as the cost, reveals which search strategies minimize the cost of interaction for a given level of output. This paper demonstrates how economics can be applied to formally model the search process. This development establishes the theoretical foundations of Interactive Information Retrieval, providing numerous directions for empirical experimentation that are motivated directly from theory.	The economics in interactive information retrieval	NA	2018
David Elsweiler:David E. Losada:José C. Toucedo:Ronald T. Fernandez	In this paper we perform a lab-based user study (n=21) of email re-finding behaviour, examining how the characteristics of submitted queries change in different situations. A number of logistic regression models are developed on the query data to explore the relationship between user- and contextual- variables and query characteristics including length, field submitted to and use of named entities. We reveal several interesting trends and use the findings to seed a simulated evaluation of various retrieval models. Not only is this an enhancement of existing evaluation methods for Personal Search, but the results show that different models are more effective in different situations, which has implications both for the design of email search tools and for the way algorithms for Personal Search are evaluated.	Seeding simulated queries with user-study data for personal search evaluation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Elsweiler:Morgan Harvey:Martin Hacker	In this paper we present a longitudinal, naturalistic study of email behavior (n=47) and describe our efforts at isolating re-finding behavior in the logs through various qualitative and quantitative analyses. The presented work underlines the methodological challenges faced with this kind of research, but demonstrates that it is possible to isolate re-finding behavior from email interaction logs with reasonable accuracy. Using the approaches developed we uncover interesting aspects of email re-finding behavior that have so far been impossible to study, such as how various features of email-clients are used in re-finding and the difficulties people encounter when using these. We explain how our findings could influence the design of email-clients and outline our thoughts on how future, more in depth analyses, can build on the work presented here to achieve a fuller understanding of email behavior and the support that people need.	Understanding re-finding behavior in naturalistic email interaction logs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wouter Weerkamp:Richard Berendsen:Bogomil Kovachev:Edgar Meij:Krisztian Balog:Maarten de Rijke	Recent years show an increasing interest in vertical search: searching within a particular type of information. Understanding what people search for in these "verticals" gives direction to research and provides pointers for the search engines themselves. In this paper we analyze the search logs of one particular vertical: people search engines. Based on an extensive analysis of the logs of a search engine geared towards finding people, we propose a classification scheme for people search at three levels: (a) queries, (b) sessions, and (c) users. For queries, we identify three types, (i) event-based high-profile queries (people that become "popular" because of an event happening), (ii) regular high-profile queries (celebrities), and (iii) low-profile queries (other, less-known people). We present experiments on automatic classification of queries. On the session level, we observe five types: (i) family sessions (users looking for relatives), (ii) event sessions (querying the main players of an event), (iii) spotting sessions (trying to "spot" different celebrities online), (iv) polymerous sessions (sessions without a clear relation between queries), and (v) repetitive sessions (query refinement and copying). Finally, for users we identify four types: (i) monitors, (ii) spotters, (iii) followers, and (iv) polymers. Our findings not only offer insight into search behavior in people search engines, but they are also useful to identify future research directions and to provide pointers for search engine improvements.	People searching for people: analysis of a people search engine log	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ming Ji:Jun Yan:Siyu Gu:Jiawei Han:Xiaofei He:Wei Vivian Zhang:Zheng Chen	As the Internet grows explosively, search engines play a more and more important role for users in effectively accessing online information. Recently, it has been recognized that a query is often triggered by a search task that the user wants to accomplish. Similarly, many web pages are specifically designed to help accomplish a certain task. Therefore, learning hidden tasks behind queries and web pages can help search engines return the most useful web pages to users by task matching. For instance, the search task that triggers query "thinkpad T410 broken" is to maintain a computer, and it is desirable for a search engine to return the Lenovo troubleshooting page on the top of the list. However, existing search engine technologies mainly focus on topic detection or relevance ranking, which are not able to predict the task that triggers a query and the task a web page can accomplish. In this paper, we propose to simultaneously classify queries and web pages into the popular search tasks by exploiting their content together with click-through logs. Specifically, we construct a taskoriented heterogeneous graph among queries and web pages. Each pair of objects in the graph are linked together as long as they potentially share similar search tasks. A novel graph-based regularization algorithm is designed for search task prediction by leveraging the graph. Extensive experiments in real search log data demonstrate the effectiveness of our method over state-of-the-art classifiers, and the search performance can be significantly improved by using the task prediction results as additional information.	Learning search tasks in queries and web pages via graph regularization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marc-Allen Cartright:Ryen W. White:Eric Horvitz	We study information goals and patterns of attention in explorato-ry search for health information on the Web, reporting results of a large-scale log-based study. We examine search activity associated with the goal of diagnosing illness from symptoms versus more general information-seeking about health and illness. We decom-pose exploratory health search into evidence-based and hypothe-sis-directed information seeking. Evidence-based search centers on the pursuit of details and relevance of signs and symptoms. Hypothesis-directed search includes the pursuit of content on one or more illnesses, including risk factors, treatments, and therapies for illnesses, and on the discrimination among different diseases under the uncertainty that exists in advance of a confirmed diag-nosis. These different goals of exploratory health search are not independent, and transitions can occur between them within or across search sessions. We construct a classifier that identifies medically-related search sessions in log data. Given a set of search sessions flagged as health-related, we show how we can identify different intentions persisting as foci of attention within those sessions. Finally, we discuss how insights about foci dynamics can help us better understand exploratory health search behavior and better support health search on the Web.	Intentions and attention in exploratory health search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gyanit Singh:Nish Parikh:Neel Sundaresn	User expectation and experience for web search and eCommerce (product) search are quite different. Product descriptions are concise as compared to typical web documents. User expectation is more specific to find the right product. The difference in the publisher and searcher vocabulary (in case of product search the seller and the buyer vocabulary) combined with the fact that there are fewer products to search over than web documents result in observable numbers of searches that return no results (zero recall searches). In this paper we describe a study of zero recall searches. Our study is focused on eCommerce search and uses data from a leading eCommerce site's user click stream logs. There are 3 main contributions of our study: 1) The cause of zero recall searches; 2) A study of user's reaction and recovery from zero recall; 3) A study of differences in behavior of power users versus novice users to zero recall searches.	User behavior in zero-recall ecommerce queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yasser Ganjisaffar:Rich Caruana:Cristina Videira Lopes	Recent studies have shown that boosting provides excellent predictive performance across a wide variety of tasks. In Learning-to-rank, boosted models such as RankBoost and LambdaMART have been shown to be among the best performing learning methods based on evaluations on public data sets. In this paper, we show how the combination of bagging as a variance reduction technique and boosting as a bias reduction technique can result in very high precision and low variance ranking models. We perform thousands of parameter tuning experiments for LambdaMART to achieve a high precision boosting model. Then we show that a bagged ensemble of such LambdaMART boosted models results in higher accuracy ranking models while also reducing variance as much as 50%. We report our results on three public learning-to-rank data sets using four metrics. Bagged LamdbaMART outperforms all previously reported results on ten of the twelve comparisons, and bagged LambdaMART outperforms non-bagged LambdaMART on all twelve comparisons. For example, wrapping bagging around LambdaMART increases [email protected] from 0.4137 to 0.4200 on the MQ2007 data set; the best prior results in the literature for this data set is 0.4134 by RankBoost.	Bagging gradient-boosted trees for high precision, low variance ranking models	NA:NA:NA	2018
Na Dai:Milad Shokouhi:Brian D. Davison	Freshness of results is important in modern web search. Failing to recognize the temporal aspect of a query can negatively affect the user experience, and make the search engine appear stale. While freshness and relevance can be closely related for some topics (e.g., news queries), they are more independent in others (e.g., time insensitive queries). Therefore, optimizing one criterion does not necessarily improve the other, and can even do harm in some cases. We propose a machine-learning framework for simultaneously optimizing freshness and relevance, in which the trade-off is automatically adaptive to query temporal characteristics. We start by illustrating different temporal characteristics of queries, and the features that can be used for capturing these properties. We then introduce our supervised framework that leverages the temporal profile of queries (inferred from pseudo-feedback documents) along with the other ranking features to improve both freshness and relevance of search results. Our experiments on a large archival web corpus demonstrate the efficacy of our techniques.	Learning to rank for freshness and relevance	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lidan Wang:Jimmy Lin:Donald Metzler	There is a fundamental tradeoff between effectiveness and efficiency when designing retrieval models for large-scale document collections. Effectiveness tends to derive from sophisticated ranking functions, such as those constructed using learning to rank, while efficiency gains tend to arise from improvements in query evaluation and caching strategies. Given their inherently disjoint nature, it is difficult to jointly optimize effectiveness and efficiency in end-to-end systems. To address this problem, we formulate and develop a novel cascade ranking model, which unlike previous approaches, can simultaneously improve both top k ranked effectiveness and retrieval efficiency. The model constructs a cascade of increasingly complex ranking functions that progressively prunes and refines the set of candidate documents to minimize retrieval latency and maximize result set quality. We present a novel boosting algorithm for learning such cascades to directly optimize the tradeoff between effectiveness and efficiency. Experimental results show that our cascades are faster and return higher quality results than comparable ranking models.	A cascade ranking model for efficient ranked retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Peng Cai:Wei Gao:Aoying Zhou:Kam-Fai Wong	Learning to adapt in a new setting is a common challenge to our knowledge and capability. New life would be easier if we actively pursued supervision from the right mentor chosen with our relevant but limited prior knowledge. This variant principle of active learning seems intuitively useful to many domain adaptation problems. In this paper, we substantiate its power for advancing automatic ranking adaptation, which is important in web search since it's prohibitive to gather enough labeled data for every search domain for fully training domain-specific rankers. For the cost-effectiveness, it is expected that only those most informative instances in target domain are collected to annotate while we can still utilize the abundant ranking knowledge in source domain. We propose a unified ranking framework to mutually reinforce the active selection of informative target-domain queries and the appropriate weighting of source training data as related prior knowledge. We select to annotate those target queries whose documents' order most disagrees among the members of a committee built on the mixture of source training data and the already selected target data. Then the replenished labeled set is used to adjust the importance of source queries for enhancing their rank transfer. This procedure iterates until labeling budget exhausts. Based on LETOR3.0 and Yahoo! Learning to Rank Challenge data sets, our approach significantly outperforms the random query annotation commonly used in ranking adaptation and the active rank learner on target-domain data only.	Relevant knowledge helps in choosing right teacher: active query selection for ranking adaptation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lei Li:Dingding Wang:Tao Li:Daniel Knox:Balaji Padmanabhan	Recommending news articles has become a promising research direction as the Internet provides fast access to real-time information from multiple sources around the world. Traditional news recommendation systems strive to adapt their services to individual users by virtue of both user and news content information. However, the latent relationships among different news items, and the special properties of new articles, such as short shelf lives and value of immediacy, render the previous approaches inefficient. In this paper, we propose a scalable two-stage personalized news recommendation approach with a two-level representation, which considers the exclusive characteristics (e.g., news content, access patterns, named entities, popularity and recency) of news items when performing recommendation. Also, a principled framework for news selection based on the intrinsic property of user interest is presented, with a good balance between the novelty and diversity of the recommended result. Extensive empirical experiments on a collection of news articles obtained from various news websites demonstrate the efficacy and efficiency of our approach.	SCENE: a scalable two-stage personalized news recommendation system	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Paul N. Bennett:Filip Radlinski:Ryen W. White:Emine Yilmaz	Personalization of search results offers the potential for significant improvements in Web search. Among the many observable user attributes, approximate user location is particularly simple for search engines to obtain and allows personalization even for a first-time Web search user. However, acting on user location information is difficult, since few Web documents include an address that can be interpreted as constraining the locations where the document is relevant. Furthermore, many Web documents -- such as local news stories, lottery results, and sports team fan pages -- may not correspond to physical addresses, but the location of the user still plays an important role in document relevance. In this paper, we show how to infer a more general location relevance which uses not only physical location but a more general notion of locations of interest for Web pages. We compute this information using implicit user behavioral data, characterize the most location-centric pages, and show how location information can be incorporated into Web search ranking. Our results show that a substantial fraction of Web search queries can be significantly improved by incorporating location-based features.	Inferring and using location metadata to personalize web search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aibo Tian:Matthew Lease	We consider an interactive information retrieval task in which the user is interested in finding several to many relevant documents with minimal effort. Given an initial document ranking, user interaction with the system produces relevance feedback (RF) which the system then uses to revise the ranking. This interactive process repeats until the user terminates the search. To maximize accuracy relative to user effort, we propose an active learning strategy. At each iteration, the document whose relevance is maximally uncertain to the system is slotted high into the ranking in order to obtain user feedback for it. Simulated feedback on the Robust04 TREC collection shows our active learning approach dominates several standard RF baselines relative to the amount of feedback provided by the user. Evaluation on Robust04 under noisy feedback and on LETOR collections further demonstrate the effectiveness of active learning, as well as value of negative feedback in this task scenario.	Active learning to maximize accuracy vs. effort in interactive information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Jiashu Zhao:Jimmy Xiangji Huang:Ben He	Term proximity retrieval rewards a document where the matched query terms occur close to each other. Although term proximity is known to be effective in many Information Retrieval (IR) applications, the within-document distribution of each individual query term and how the query terms associate with each other, are not fully considered. In this paper, we introduce a pseudo term, namely Cross Term, to model term proximity for boosting retrieval performance. An occurrence of a query term is assumed to have an impact towards its neighboring text, which gradually weakens with the increase of the distance to the place of occurrence. We use a shape function to characterize such an impact. A Cross Term occurs when two query terms appear close to each other and their impact shape functions have an intersection. We propose a Cross Term Retrieval (CRTER) model that combines the Cross Terms' information with basic probabilistic weighting models to rank the retrieved documents. Extensive experiments on standard TREC collections illustrate the effectiveness of our proposed CRTER model.	CRTER: using cross terms to enhance probabilistic information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuanhua Lv:ChengXiang Zhai:Wan Chen	Pseudo-relevance feedback has proven effective for improving the average retrieval performance. Unfortunately, many experiments have shown that although pseudo-relevance feedback helps many queries, it also often hurts many other queries, limiting its usefulness in real retrieval applications. Thus an important, yet difficult challenge is to improve the overall effectiveness of pseudo-relevance feedback without sacrificing the performance of individual queries too much. In this paper, we propose a novel learning algorithm, FeedbackBoost, based on the boosting framework to improve pseudo-relevance feedback through optimizing the combination of a set of basis feedback algorithms using a loss function defined to directly measure both robustness and effectiveness. FeedbackBoost can potentially accommodate many basis feedback methods as features in the model, making the proposed method a general optimization framework for pseudo-relevance feedback. As an application, we apply FeedbackBoost to improve pseudo feedback based on language models through combining different document weighting strategies. The experiment results demonstrate that FeedbackBoost can achieve better average precision and meanwhile dramatically reduce the number and magnitude of feedback failures as compared to three representative pseudo feedback methods and a standard learning to rank approach for pseudo feedback.	A boosting approach to improving pseudo-relevance feedback	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaofeng Zhou:Jimmy Xiangji Huang:Ben He	Classical probabilistic information retrieval (IR) models, e.g. BM25, deal with document length based on a trade-off between the Verbosity hypothesis, which assumes the independence of a document's relevance of its length, and the Scope hypothesis, which assumes the opposite. Despite the effectiveness of the classical probabilistic models, the potential relationship between document length and relevance is not fully explored to improve retrieval performance. In this paper, we conduct an in-depth study of this relationship based on the Scope hypothesis that document length does have its impact on relevance. We study a list of probability density functions and examine which of the density functions fits the best to the actual distribution of the document length. Based on the studied probability density functions, we propose a length-based BM25 relevance weighting model, called BM25L, which incorporates document length as a substantial weighting factor. Extensive experiments conducted on standard TREC collections show that our proposed BM25L markedly outperforms the original BM25 model, even if the latter is optimized.	Enhancing ad-hoc relevance weighting using probability density estimation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Peng Cui:Fei Wang:Shaowei Liu:Mingdong Ou:Shiqiang Yang:Lifeng Sun	People and information are two core dimensions in a social network. People sharing information (such as blogs, news, albums, etc.) is the basic behavior. In this paper, we focus on predicting item-level social influence to answer the question Who should share What, which can be extended into two information retrieval scenarios: (1) Users ranking: given an item, who should share it so that its diffusion range can be maximized in a social network; (2) Web posts ranking: given a user, what should she share to maximize her influence among her friends. We formulate the social influence prediction problem as the estimation of a user-post matrix, in which each entry represents the strength of influence of a user given a web post. We propose a Hybrid Factor Non-Negative Matrix Factorization (HF-NMF) approach for item-level social influence modeling, and devise an efficient projected gradient method to solve the HF-NMF problem. Intensive experiments are conducted and demonstrate the advantages and characteristics of the proposed method.	Who should share what?: item-level social influence prediction for users and posts ranking	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Theodoros Lappas:Kunal Punera:Tamas Sarlos	Entities on social systems, such as users on Twitter, and images on Flickr, are at the core of many interesting applications: they can be ranked in search results, recommended to users, or used in contextual advertising. Such applications assume knowledge of an entity's nature and characteristic attributes. An effective way to encode such knowledge is in the form of tags. An untagged entity is practically inaccessible, since it is hard to retrieve or interact with. To address this, some platforms allow users to manually tag entities. However,while such tags can be informative, they can oftentimes be inadequate, trivial, ambiguous, or even plain false. Numerous automated tagging methods have been proposed to address these issues. However,most of them require pre-existing high-quality tags or descriptive texts for every entity that needs to be tagged. In our work, we propose a method based on social endorsements that is free from such constraints. Virtually every major social networking platform allows users to endorse entities that they find appealing. Examples include "following" Twitter users or "favoriting" Flickr photos. These endorsements are abundant and directly capture the preferences of users. In this paper, we pose and solve the problem of using the underlying social endorsement network to extract useful tags for entities in a social system. Our work leverages techniques from topic modeling to capture the interests of users and then uses them to extract relevant and descriptive tags for the entities they endorse. We perform an extensive evaluation of our proposed approach on real large-scale datasets from both Twitter and Flickr, and show that it significantly outperforms meaningful and competitive baselines.	Mining tags using social endorsement networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gabriella Kazai:Jaap Kamps:Marijn Koolen:Natasa Milic-Frayling	The evaluation of information retrieval (IR) systems over special collections, such as large book repositories, is out of reach of traditional methods that rely upon editorial relevance judgments. Increasingly, the use of crowdsourcing to collect relevance labels has been regarded as a viable alternative that scales with modest costs. However, crowdsourcing suffers from undesirable worker practices and low quality contributions. In this paper we investigate the design and implementation of effective crowdsourcing tasks in the context of book search evaluation. We observe the impact of aspects of the Human Intelligence Task (HIT) design on the quality of relevance labels provided by the crowd. We assess the output in terms of label agreement with a gold standard data set and observe the effect of the crowdsourced relevance judgments on the resulting system rankings. This enables us to observe the effect of crowdsourcing on the entire IR evaluation process. Using the test set and experimental runs from the INEX 2010 Book Track, we find that varying the HIT design, and the pooling and document ordering strategies leads to considerable differences in agreement with the gold set labels. We then observe the impact of the crowdsourced relevance label sets on the relative system rankings using four IR performance metrics. System rankings based on MAP and Bpref remain less affected by different label sets while the [email protected] and [email protected] lead to dramatically different system rankings, especially for labels acquired from HITs with weaker quality controls. Overall, we find that crowdsourcing can be an effective tool for the evaluation of IR systems, provided that care is taken when designing the HITs.	Crowdsourcing for book search evaluation: impact of hit design on comparative system ranking	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Fernandes:Edleno Silva de Moura:Altigran Soares da Silva:Berthier Ribeiro-Neto:Edisson Braga	Information about how to segment a Web page can be used nowadays by applications such as segment aware Web search, classification and link analysis. In this research, we propose a fully automatic method for page segmentation and evaluate its application through experiments with four separate Web sites. While the method may be used in other applications, our main focus in this article is to use it as input to segment aware Web search systems. Our results indicate that the proposed method produces better segmentation results when compared to the best segmentation method we found in literature. Further, when applied as input to a segment aware Web search method, it produces results close to those produced when using a manual page segmentation method.	A site oriented method for segmenting web pages	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dan Zhang:Fei Wang:Luo Si	Similarity search applications with a large amount of text and image data demands an efficient and effective solution. One useful strategy is to represent the examples in databases as compact binary codes through semantic hashing, which has attracted much attention due to its fast query/search speed and drastically reduced storage requirement. All of the current semantic hashing methods only deal with the case when each example is represented by one type of features. However, examples are often described from several different information sources in many real world applications. For example, the characteristics of a webpage can be derived from both its content part and its associated links. To address the problem of learning good hashing codes in this scenario, we propose a novel research problem -- Composite Hashing with Multiple Information Sources (CHMIS). The focus of the new research problem is to design an algorithm for incorporating the features from different information sources into the binary hashing codes efficiently and effectively. In particular, we propose an algorithm CHMIS-AW (CHMIS with Adjusted Weights) for learning the codes. The proposed algorithm integrates information from several different sources into the binary hashing codes by adjusting the weights on each individual source for maximizing the coding performance, and enables fast conversion from query examples to their binary hashing codes. Experimental results on five different datasets demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed method against several other state-of-the-art semantic hashing techniques.	Composite hashing with multiple information sources	NA:NA:NA	2018
Elif Aktolga:Irene Ros:Yannick Assogba	Reading congressional legislation, also known as bills, is often tedious because bills tend to be long and written in complex language. In IBM Many Bills, an interactive web-based visualization of legislation, users of different backgrounds can browse bills and quickly explore parts that are of interest to them. One task users have is to be able to locate sections that don't seem to fit with the overall topic of the bill. In this paper, we present novel techniques to determine which sections within a bill are likely to be outliers by employing approaches from information retrieval. The most promising techniques first detect the most topically relevant parts of a bill by ranking its sections, followed by a comparison between these topically relevant parts and the remaining sections in the bill. To compare sections we use various dissimilarity metrics based on Kullback-Leibler Divergence. The results indicate that these techniques are more successful than a classification based approach. Finally, we analyze how the dissimilarity metrics succeed in discriminating between sections that are strong outliers versus those that are 'milder' outliers.	Detecting outlier sections in us congressional legislation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fei Sun:Dandan Song:Lejian Liao	In addition to the main content, most web pages also contain navigation panels, advertisements and copyright and disclaimer notices. This additional content, which is also known as noise, is typically not related to the main subject and may hamper the performance of web data mining, and hence needs to be removed properly. In this paper, we present Content Extraction via Text Density (CETD) a fast, accurate and general method for extracting content from diverse web pages, and using DOM (Document Object Model) node text density to preserve the original structure. For this purpose, we introduce two concepts to measure the importance of nodes: Text Density and Composite Text Density. In order to extract content intact, we propose a technique called DensitySum to replace Data Smoothing. The approach was evaluated with the CleanEval benchmark and with randomly selected pages from well-known websites, where various web domains and styles are tested. The average F1-scores with our method were 8.79% higher than the best scores among several alternative methods.	DOM based content extraction via text density	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zi Yang:Keke Cai:Jie Tang:Li Zhang:Zhong Su:Juanzi Li	We study a novel problem of social context summarization for Web documents. Traditional summarization research has focused on extracting informative sentences from standard documents. With the rapid growth of online social networks, abundant user generated content (e.g., comments) associated with the standard documents is available. Which parts in a document are social users really caring about? How can we generate summaries for standard documents by considering both the informativeness of sentences and interests of social users? This paper explores such an approach by modeling Web documents and social contexts into a unified framework. We propose a dual wing factor graph (DWFG) model, which utilizes the mutual reinforcement between Web documents and their associated social contexts to generate summaries. An efficient algorithm is designed to learn the proposed factor graph model.Experimental results on a Twitter data set validate the effectiveness of the proposed model. By leveraging the social context information, our approach obtains significant improvement (averagely +5.0%-17.3%) over several alternative methods (CRF, SVM, LR, PR, and DocLead) on the performance of summarization.	Social context summarization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Ma:Chao Liu:Irwin King:Michael R. Lyu	Due to the prevalence of personalization and information filtering applications, modeling users' interests on the Web has become increasingly important during the past few years. In this paper, aiming at providing accurate personalized Web site recommendations for Web users, we propose a novel probabilistic factor model based on dimensionality reduction techniques. We also extend the proposed method to collective probabilistic factor modeling, which further improves model performance by incorporating heterogeneous data sources. The proposed method is general, and can be applied to not only Web site recommendations, but also a wide range of Web applications, including behavioral targeting, sponsored search, etc. The experimental analysis on Web site recommendation shows that our method outperforms other traditional recommendation approaches. Moreover, the complexity analysis indicates that our approach can be applied to very large datasets since it scales linearly with the number of observations.	Probabilistic factor models for web site recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jing He:Wayne Xin Zhao:Baihan Shu:Xiaoming Li:Hongfei Yan	Various click models have been recently proposed as a principled approach to infer the relevance of documents from the clickthrough data. The inferred document relevance is potentially useful in evaluating the Web retrieval systems. In practice, it generally requires to acquire the accurate evaluation results within minimal users' query submissions. This problem is important for speeding up search engine development and evaluation cycle and acquiring reliable evaluation results on tail queries. In this paper, we propose a reordering framework for efficient evaluation problem in the context of clickthrough based Web retrieval evaluation. The main idea is to move up the documents that contribute more for the evaluation task. In this framework, we propose four intuitions and formulate them as an optimization problem. Both user study and TREC data based experiments validate that the reordering framework results in much fewer query submissions to get accurate evaluation results with only a little harm to the users' utility.	Efficiently collecting relevance information from clickthroughs for web retrieval system evaluation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yanen Li:Bo-Jun Paul Hsu:ChengXiang Zhai:Kuansan Wang	Query segmentation is an important task toward understanding queries accurately, which is essential for improving search results. Existing segmentation models either use labeled data to predict the segmentation boundaries, for which the training data is expensive to collect, or employ unsupervised strategy based on a large text corpus, which might be inaccurate because of the lack of relevant information. In this paper, we propose a probabilistic model to exploit clickthrough data for query segmentation, where the model parameters are estimated via an efficient EM algorithm. We further study how to properly interpret the segmentation results and utilize them to improve retrieval accuracy. Specifically, we propose an integrated language model based on the standard bigram language model to exploit the probabilistic structure obtained through query segmentation. Experiment results on two datasets show that our segmentation model outperforms existing segmentation models. Furthermore, extensive experiments on a large retrieval dataset reveals that the results of query segmentation can be leveraged to improve retrieval relevance by using the proposed integrated language model.	Unsupervised query segmentation using clickthrough for information retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuang-Hong Yang:Bo Long:Alexander J. Smola:Hongyuan Zha:Zhaohui Zheng	While a user's preference is directly reflected in the interactive choice process between her and the recommender, this wealth of information was not fully exploited for learning recommender models. In particular, existing collaborative filtering (CF) approaches take into account only the binary events of user actions but totally disregard the contexts in which users' decisions are made. In this paper, we propose Collaborative Competitive Filtering (CCF), a framework for learning user preferences by modeling the choice process in recommender systems. CCF employs a multiplicative latent factor model to characterize the dyadic utility function. But unlike CF, CCF models the user behavior of choices by encoding a local competition effect. In this way, CCF allows us to leverage dyadic data that was previously lumped together with missing data in existing CF models. We present two formulations and an efficient large scale optimization algorithm. Experiments on three real-world recommendation data sets demonstrate that CCF significantly outperforms standard CF approaches in both offline and online evaluations.	Collaborative competitive filtering: learning recommender using context of user choice	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kenneth Wai-Ting Leung:Dik Lun Lee:Wang-Chien Lee	GPS data tracked on mobile devices contains rich information about human activities and preferences. In this paper, GPS data is used in location-based services (LBSs) to provide collaborative location recommendations. We observe that most existing LBSs provide location recommendations by clustering the User-Location matrix. Since the User-Location matrix created based on GPS data is huge, there are two major problems with these methods. First, the number of similar locations that need to be considered in computing the recommendations can be numerous. As a result, the identification of truly relevant locations from numerous candidates is challenging. Second, the clustering process on large matrix is time consuming. Thus, when new GPS data arrives, complete re-clustering of the whole matrix is infeasible. To tackle these two problems, we propose the Collaborative Location Recommendation (CLR) framework for location recommendation. By considering activities (i.e., temporal preferences) and different user classes (i.e., Pattern Users, Normal Users, and Travelers) in the recommendation process, CLR is capable of generating more precise and refined recommendations to the users compared to the existing methods. Moreover, CLR employs a dynamic clustering algorithm CADC to cluster the trajectory data into groups of similar users, similar activities and similar locations efficiently by supporting incremental update of the groups when new GPS trajectory data arrives. We evaluate CLR with a real-world GPS dataset, and confirm that the CLR framework provides more accurate location recommendations compared to the existing methods.	CLR: a collaborative location recommendation framework based on co-clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ke Zhou:Shuang-Hong Yang:Hongyuan Zha	A key challenge in recommender system research is how to effectively profile new users, a problem generally known as cold-start recommendation. Recently the idea of progressively querying user responses through an initial interview process has been proposed as a useful new user preference elicitation strategy. In this paper, we present functional matrix factorization (fMF), a novel cold-start recommendation method that solves the problem of initial interview construction within the context of learning user and item profiles. Specifically, fMF constructs a decision tree for the initial interview with each node being an interview question, enabling the recommender to query a user adaptively according to her prior responses. More importantly, we associate latent profiles for each node of the tree --- in effect restricting the latent profiles to be a function of possible answers to the interview questions --- which allows the profiles to be gradually refined through the interview process based on user responses. We develop an iterative optimization algorithm that alternates between decision tree construction and latent profiles extraction as well as a regularization scheme that takes into account of the tree structure. Experimental results on three benchmark recommendation data sets demonstrate that the proposed fMF algorithm significantly outperforms existing methods for cold-start recommendation.	Functional matrix factorizations for cold-start recommendation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mao Ye:Peifeng Yin:Wang-Chien Lee:Dik-Lun Lee	In this paper, we aim to provide a point-of-interests (POI) recommendation service for the rapid growing location-based social networks (LBSNs), e.g., Foursquare, Whrrl, etc. Our idea is to explore user preference, social influence and geographical influence for POI recommendations. In addition to deriving user preference based on user-based collaborative filtering and exploring social influence from friends, we put a special emphasis on geographical influence due to the spatial clustering phenomenon exhibited in user check-in activities of LBSNs. We argue that the geographical influence among POIs plays an important role in user check-in behaviors and model it by power law distribution. Accordingly, we develop a collaborative recommendation algorithm based on geographical influence based on naive Bayesian. Furthermore, we propose a unified POI recommendation framework, which fuses user preference to a POI with social influence and geographical influence. Finally, we conduct a comprehensive performance evaluation over two large-scale datasets collected from Foursquare and Whrrl. Experimental results with these real datasets show that the unified collaborative recommendation approach significantly outperforms a wide spectrum of alternative recommendation approaches.	Exploiting geographical influence for collaborative point-of-interest recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qi Guo:Ryen W. White:Yunqiao Zhang:Blake Anderson:Susan T. Dumais	Search engine switching is the voluntary transition between Web search engines. Engine switching can occur for a number of reasons, including user dissatisfaction with search results, a desire for broader topic coverage or verification, user preferences, or even unintentionally. An improved understanding of switching rationales allows search providers to tailor the search experience according to the different causes. In this paper we study the reasons behind search engine switching within a session. We address the challenge of identifying switching rationales by designing and implementing client-side instrumentation to acquire in-situ feedbacks from users. Using this feedback, we investigate in detail the reasons that users switch engines within a session. We also study the relationship between implicit behavioral signals and the switching causes, and develop and evaluate models to predict the reasons for switching. In addition, we collect editorial judgments of switching rationales by third-party judges and show that we can recover switching causes a posteriori. Our findings provide valuable insights into why users switch search engines in a session and demonstrate the relationship between search behavior and switching motivations. The findings also reveal sufficient behavioral consistency to afford accurate prediction of switching rationale, which can be used to dynamically adapt the search experience and derive more accurate competitive metrics.	Why searchers switch: understanding and predicting engine switching rationales	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mikhail Ageev:Qi Guo:Dmitry Lagun:Eugene Agichtein	A better understanding of strategies and behavior of successful searchers is crucial for improving the experience of all searchers. However, research of search behavior has been struggling with the tension between the relatively small-scale, but controlled lab studies, and the large-scale log-based studies where the searcher intent and many other important factors have to be inferred. We present our solution for performing controlled, yet realistic, scalable, and reproducible studies of searcher behavior. We focus on difficult informational tasks, which tend to frustrate many users of the current web search technology. First, we propose a principled formalization of different types of "success" for informational search, which encapsulate and sharpen previously proposed models. Second, we present a scalable game-like infrastructure for crowdsourcing search behavior studies, specifically targeted towards capturing and evaluating successful search strategies on informational tasks with known intent. Third, we report our analysis of search success using these data, which confirm and extends previous findings. Finally, we demonstrate that our model can predict search success more effectively than the existing state-of-the-art methods, on both our data and on a different set of log data collected from regular search engine sessions. Together, our search success models, the data collection infrastructure, and the associated behavior analysis techniques, significantly advance the study of success in web search.	Find it if you can: a game for modeling different types of web search success using interaction data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Neema Moraveji:Daniel Russell:Jacob Bien:David Mease	Web search performance can be improved by either improving the search engine itself or by educating the user to search more efficiently. There is a large amount of literature describing techniques for measuring the former; whereas, improvements resulting from the latter are more difficult to quantify. In this paper we demonstrate an experimental methodology that proves to successfully quantify improvements from user education. The user education in our study is realized in the form of tactical search feature tips that expand user awareness of task-relevant tools and features of the search application. Initially, these tips are presented in an idealized situation: each tip is shown at the same time as the study participants are given a task that is constructed to benefit from the specific tip. However, we also present a follow-up study roughly one week later in which the search tips are no longer presented but the study participants who previously were shown search tips still demonstrate improved search efficiency compared to the control group. This research has implications for search user interface designers and the study of information retrieval systems.	Measuring improvement in user search performance resulting from optimal search tips	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dmitry Lagun:Eugene Agichtein	Web search behaviour studies, including eye-tracking studies of search result examination, have resulted in numerous insights to improve search result quality and presentation. Yet, eye tracking studies have been restricted in scale, due to the expense and the effort required. Furthermore, as the reach of the Web expands, it becomes increasingly important to understand how searchers around the world see and interact with the search results. To address both challenges, we introduce ViewSer, a novel methodology for performing web search examination studies remotely, at scale, and without requiring eye-tracking equipment. ViewSer operates by automatically modifying the appearance of a search engine result page, to clearly show one search result at a time as if through a "viewport", while partially blurring the rest and allowing the participant to move the viewport naturally with a computer mouse or trackpad. Remarkably, the resulting result viewing and clickthrough patterns agree closely with unrestricted viewing of results, as measured by eye-tracking equipment, validated by a study with over 100 participants. We also explore applications of ViewSer to practical search tasks, such as analyzing the search result summary (snip- pet) attractiveness, result re-ranking, and evaluating snippet quality. These experiments could have only be done previously by tracking the eye movements for a small number of subjects in the lab. In contrast, our study was performed with over 100 participants, allowing us to reproduce and extend previous findings, establishing ViewSer as a valuable tool for large-scale search behavior experiments.	ViewSer: enabling large-scale remote user studies of web search examination and interaction	NA:NA	2018
Henry Allen Feild:James Allan:Joshua Glatt	We describe CrowdLogging, an approach for distributed search log collection, storage, and mining, with the dual goals of preserving privacy and making the mined information broadly available. Most search log mining approaches and most privacy enhancing schemes have focused on centralized search logs and methods for disseminating them to third parties. In our approach, a user's search log is encrypted and shared in such a way that (a) the source of a search behavior artifact, such as a query, is unknown and (b) extremely rare artifacts---that is, artifacts more likely to contain private information---are not revealed. The approach works with any search behavior artifact that can be extracted from a search log, including queries, query reformulations, and query-click pairs. In this work, we: (1) present a distributed search log collection, storage, and mining framework; (2) compare several privacy policies, including differential privacy, showing the trade-offs between strong guarantees and the utility of the released data; (3) demonstrate the impact of our approach using two existing research query logs; and (4) describe a pilot study for which we implemented a version of the framework.	CrowdLogging: distributed, private, and anonymous search logging	NA:NA:NA	2018
Elad Yom-Tov:Fernando Diaz	The information needs of users and the documents which answer it are frequently contingent on the different characteristics of users. This is especially evident during natural disasters, such as earthquakes and violent weather incidents, which create a strong transient information need. In this paper we investigate how the information need of users is affected by their physical detachment, as estimated by their physical location in relation to that of the event, and by their social detachment, as quantified by the number of their acquaintances who may be affected by the event. Drawing on large-scale data from three major events, we show that social and physical detachment levels of users are a major influence on their information needs, as manifested by their search engine queries. We demonstrate how knowing social and physical detachment levels can assist in improving retrieval for two applications: identifying search queries related to events and ranking results in response to event-related queries. We find that the average precision in identifying relevant search queries improves by approximately 18%, and that the average precision of ranking that uses detachment information improves by 10%.	Out of sight, not out of mind: on the effect of social and physical detachment on information need	NA:NA	2018
Vinay Jethava:Liliana Calderón-Benavides:Ricardo Baeza-Yates:Chiranjib Bhattacharyya:Devdatt Dubhashi	The problem of identifying user intent has received considerable attention in recent years, particularly in the context of improving the search experience via query contextualization. Intent can be characterized by multiple dimensions, which are often not observed from query words alone. Accurate identification of Intent from query words remains a challenging problem primarily because it is extremely difficult to discover these dimensions. The problem is often significantly compounded due to lack of representative training sample. We present a generic, extensible framework for learning the multi-dimensional representation of user intent from the query words. The approach models the latent relationships between facets using tree structured distribution which leads to an efficient and convergent algorithm, FastQ, for identifying the multi-faceted intent of users based on just the query words. We also incorporated WordNet to extend the system capabilities to queries which contain words that do not appear in the training data. Empirical results show that FastQ yields accurate identification of intent when compared to a gold standard.	Scalable multi-dimensional user intent identification using tree structured distributions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuan Lin:Hongfei Lin:Song Jin:Zheng Ye	Automatic query expansion technologies have been proven to be effective in many information retrieval tasks. Most existing approaches are based on the assumption that the most informative terms in top-retrieved documents can be viewed as context of the query and thus can be used for query expansion. One problem with these approaches is that some of the expansion terms extracted from feedback documents are irrelevant to the query, and thus may hurt the retrieval performance. In social annotations, users provide different keywords describing the respective Web pages from various aspects. These features may be used to boost IR performance. However, to date, the potential of social annotation for this task has been largely unexplored. In this paper, we explore the possibility and potential of social annotation as a new resource for extracting useful expansion terms. In particular, we propose a term ranking approach based on social annotation resource. The proposed approach consists of two phases: (1) in the first phase, we propose a term-dependency method to choose the most likely expansion terms; (2) in the second phase, we develop a machine learning method for term ranking, which is learnt from the statistics of the candidate expansion terms, using ListNet. Experimental results on three TREC test collections show that the retrieval performance can be improved when the term ranking method is used. In addition, we also demonstrate that terms selected by the term-dependency method from social annotation resources are beneficial to improve the retrieval performance.	Social annotation in query expansion: a machine learning approach	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qiaoling Liu:Eugene Agichtein:Gideon Dror:Evgeniy Gabrilovich:Yoelle Maarek:Dan Pelleg:Idan Szpektor	Community-based Question Answering (CQA) sites, such as Yahoo! Answers, Baidu Knows, Naver, and Quora, have been rapidly growing in popularity. The resulting archives of posted answers to questions, in Yahoo! Answers alone, already exceed in size 1 billion, and are aggressively indexed by web search engines. In fact, a large number of search engine users benefit from these archives, by finding existing answers that address their own queries. This scenario poses new challenges and opportunities for both search engines and CQA sites. To this end, we formulate a new problem of predicting the satisfaction of web searchers with CQA answers. We analyze a large number of web searches that result in a visit to a popular CQA site, and identify unique characteristics of searcher satisfaction in this setting, namely, the effects of query clarity, query-to-question match, and answer quality. We then propose and evaluate several approaches to predicting searcher satisfaction that exploit these characteristics. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to predict and validate the usefulness of CQA archives for external searchers, rather than for the original askers. Our results suggest promising directions for improving and exploiting community question answering services in pursuit of satisfying even more Web search queries.	Predicting web searcher satisfaction with existing community-based answers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jing Liu:Young-In Song:Chin-Yew Lin	In this paper, we consider the problem of estimating the relative expertise score of users in community question and answering services (CQA). Previous approaches typically only utilize the explicit question answering relationship between askers and an-swerers and apply link analysis to address this problem. The im-plicit pairwise comparison between two users that is implied in the best answer selection is ignored. Given a question and answering thread, it's likely that the expertise score of the best answerer is higher than the asker's and all other non-best answerers'. The goal of this paper is to explore such pairwise comparisons inferred from best answer selections to estimate the relative expertise scores of users. Formally, we treat each pairwise comparison between two users as a two-player competition with one winner and one loser. Two competition models are proposed to estimate user expertise from pairwise comparisons. Using the NTCIR-8 CQA task data with 3 million questions and introducing answer quality prediction based evaluation metrics, the experimental results show that the pairwise comparison based competition model significantly outperforms link analysis based approaches (PageRank and HITS) and pointwise approaches (number of best answers and best answer ratio) for estimating the expertise of active users. Furthermore, it's shown that pairwise comparison based competi-tion models have better discriminative power than other methods. It's also found that answer quality (best answer) is an important factor to estimate user expertise.	Competition-based user expertise score estimation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongning Wang:Chi Wang:ChengXiang Zhai:Jiawei Han	Online forum discussions are emerging as valuable information repository, where knowledge is accumulated by the interaction among users, leading to multiple threads with structures. Such replying structure in each thread conveys important information about the discussion content. Unfortunately, not all the online forum sites would explicitly record such replying relationship, making it hard to for both users and computers to digest the information buried in a thread discussion. In this paper, we propose a probabilistic model in the Conditional Random Fields framework to predict the replying structure for a threaded online discussion. Different from previous thread reconstruction methods, most of which fail to consider dependency between the posts, we cast the problem as a supervised structure learning problem to incorporate the features describing the structural dependency among the discussion content and learn their relationship. Experiment results on three different online forums show that the proposed method can well capture the replying structures in online discussion threads, and multiple tasks such as forum search and question answering can benefit from the reconstructed replying structures.	Learning online discussion structures by conditional random fields	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Guoqing Zheng:Jinwen Guo:Lichun Yang:Shengliang Xu:Shenghua Bao:Zhong Su:Dingyi Han:Yong Yu	Community discovery on large-scale linked document corpora has been a hot research topic for decades. There are two types of links. The first one, which we call d2d-link, indicates connectiveness among different documents, such as blog references and research paper citations. The other one, which we call u2u-link, represents co-occurrences or simultaneous participations of different users in one document and typically each document from u2u-link corpus has more than one user/author. Examples of u2u-link data covers email archives and research paper co-authorship networks. Community discovery in d2d-link data has achieved much success, while methods for that in u2u-link data either make no use of the textual content of the documents or make oversimplified assumptions about the users and the textual content. In this paper we propose a general approach of community discovery for u2u-link data, i.e., multiple user data, by placing topical variables on multiple authors' participations in documents. Experiments on a research proceeding co-authorship corpus and a New York Times news corpus show the effectiveness of our model.	Mining topics on participations for community discovery	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sangkyum Kim:Hyungsul Kim:Tim Weninger:Jiawei Han:Hyun Duk Kim	In the past, there have been dozens of studies on automatic authorship classification, and many of these studies concluded that the writing style is one of the best indicators for original authorship. From among the hundreds of features which were developed, syntactic features were best able to reflect an author's writing style. However, due to the high computational complexity for extracting and computing syntactic features, only simple variations of basic syntactic features such as function words, POS(Part of Speech) tags, and rewrite rules were considered. In this paper, we propose a new feature set of k-embedded-edge subtree patterns that holds more syntactic information than previous feature sets. We also propose a novel approach to directly mining them from a given set of syntactic trees. We show that this approach reduces the computational burden of using complex syntactic structures as the feature set. Comprehensive experiments on real-world datasets demonstrate that our approach is reliable and more accurate than previous studies.	Authorship classification: a discriminative syntactic tree mining approach	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mao Ye:Rong Xiao:Wang-Chien Lee:Xing Xie	In this paper, we aim to develop a travelogue service that discovers and conveys various travelogue digests, in form of theme locations, geographical scope, traveling trajectory and location snippet, to users. In this service, theme locations in a travelogue are the core information to discover. Thus we aim to address the problem of theme location discovery to enable the above travelogue services. Due to the inherent ambiguity of location relevance, we perform location relevance mining (LRM) in two complementary angles, relevance classification and relevance ranking, to provide comprehensive understanding of locations. Furthermore, we explore the textual (e.g., surrounding words) and geographical (e.g., geographical relationship among locations) features of locations to develop a co-training model for enhancement of classification performance. Built upon the mining result of LRM, we develop a series of techniques for provisioning of the aforementioned travelogue digests in our travelogue system. Finally, we conduct comprehensive experiments on collected travelogues to evaluate the performance of our location relevance mining techniques and demonstrate the effectiveness of the travelogue service.	On theme location discovery for travelogue services	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ismael Santana Silva:Janaína Gomide:Adriano Veloso:Wagner Meira, Jr.:Renato Ferreira	How do we analyze sentiments over a set of opinionated Twitter messages? This issue has been widely studied in recent years, with a prominent approach being based on the application of classification techniques. Basically, messages are classified according to the implicit attitude of the writer with respect to a query term. A major concern, however, is that Twitter (and other media channels) follows the data stream model, and thus the classifier must operate with limited resources, including labeled data for training classification models. This imposes serious challenges for current classification techniques, since they need to be constantly fed with fresh training messages, in order to track sentiment drift and to provide up-to-date sentiment analysis. We propose solutions to this problem. The heart of our approach is a training augmentation procedure which takes as input a small training seed, and then it automatically incorporates new relevant messages to the training data. Classification models are produced on-the-fly using association rules, which are kept up-to-date in an incremental fashion, so that at any given time the model properly reflects the sentiments in the event being analyzed. In order to track sentiment drift, training messages are projected on a demand driven basis, according to the content of the message being classified. Projecting the training data offers a series of advantages, including the ability to quickly detect trending information emerging in the stream. We performed the analysis of major events in 2010, and we show that the prediction performance remains about the same, or even increases, as the stream passes and new training messages are acquired. This result holds for different languages, even in cases where sentiment distribution changes over time, or in cases where the initial training seed is rather small. We derive lower-bounds for prediction performance, and we show that our approach is extremely effective under diverse learning scenarios, providing gains that range from 7% to 58%.	Effective sentiment stream analysis with self-augmenting training and demand-driven projection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Manos Tsagkias:Maarten de Rijke:Wouter Weerkamp	Republished article finding is the task of identifying instances of articles that have been published in one source and republished more or less verbatim in another source, which is often a social media source. We address this task as an ad hoc retrieval problem, using the source article as a query. Our approach is based on language modeling. We revisit the assumptions underlying the unigram language model taking into account the fact that in our setup queries are as long as complete news articles. We argue that in this case, the underlying generative assumption of sampling words from a document with replacement, i.e., the multinomial modeling of documents, produces less accurate query likelihood estimates. To make up for this discrepancy, we consider distributions that emerge from sampling without replacement: the central and non-central hypergeometric distributions. We present two retrieval models that build on top of these distributions: a log odds model and a bayesian model where document parameters are estimated using the Dirichlet compound multinomial distribution. We analyse the behavior of our new models using a corpus of news articles and blog posts and find that for the task of republished article finding, where we deal with queries whose length approaches the length of the documents to be retrieved, models based on distributions associated with sampling without replacement outperform traditional models based on multinomial distributions.	Hypergeometric language models for republished article finding	NA:NA:NA	2018
Miles Efron:Gene Golovchinsky	Temporal aspects of documents can impact relevance for certain kinds of queries. In this paper, we build on earlier work of modeling temporal information. We propose an extension to the Query Likelihood Model that incorporates query-specific information to estimate rate parameters, and we introduce a temporal factor into language model smoothing and query expansion using pseudo-relevance feedback. We evaluate these extensions using a Twitter corpus and two newspaper article collections. Results suggest that, compared to prior approaches, our models are more effective at capturing the temporal variability of relevance associated with some topics.	Estimation methods for ranking recent information	NA:NA	2018
Linkai Weng:Zhiwei Li:Rui Cai:Yaoxue Zhang:Yuezhi Zhou:Laurence T. Yang:Lei Zhang	Retrieving similar documents from a large-scale text corpus according to a given document is a fundamental technique for many applications. However, most of existing indexing techniques have difficulties to address this problem due to special properties of a document query, e.g. high dimensionality, sparse representation and semantic concern. Towards addressing this problem, we propose a two-level retrieval solution based on a document decomposition idea. A document is decomposed to a compact vector and a few document specific keywords by a dimension reduction approach. The compact vector embodies the major semantics of a document, and the document specific keywords complement the discriminative power lost in dimension reduction process. We adopt locality sensitive hashing (LSH) to index the compact vectors, which guarantees to quickly find a set of related documents according to the vector of a query document. Then we re-rank documents in this set by their document specific keywords. In experiments, we obtained promising results on various datasets in terms of both accuracy and performance. We demonstrated that this solution is able to index large-scale corpus for efficient similarity-based document retrieval.	Query by document via a decomposition-based two-level retrieval approach	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Cheng Jin:Chunlei Yang	It is well accepted that using high-dimensional multi-modal visual features for image content representation and classifier training may achieve more sufficient characterization of the diverse visual properties of the images and further result in higher discrimination power of the classifiers. However, training the classifiers in a high-dimensional multi-modal feature space requires a large number of labeled training images, which will further result in the problem of curse of dimensionality. To tackle this problem, a hierarchical feature subset selection algorithm is proposed to enable more accurate image classification, where the processes for feature selection and classifier training are seamlessly integrated in a single framework. First, a feature hierarchy (i.e., concept tree for automatic feature space partition and organization) is used to automatically partition high-dimensional heterogeneous multi-modal visual features into multiple low-dimensional homogeneous single-modal feature subsets according to their certain physical meanings and each of them is used to characterize one certain type of the diverse visual properties of the images. Second, principal component analysis (PCA) is performed on each homogeneous singlemodal feature subset to select the most representative feature dimensions and a weak classifier is learned simultaneously. After the weak classifiers and their representative feature dimensions are available for all these homogeneous single-modal feature subsets, they are combined to generate an ensemble image classifier and achieve hierarchical feature subset selection. Our experiments on a specific domain of natural images have also obtained very positive results.	Integrating hierarchical feature selection and classifier training for multi-label image annotation	NA:NA	2018
Bin Xu:Jiajun Bu:Chun Chen:Deng Cai:Xiaofei He:Wei Liu:Jiebo Luo	Manifold Ranking (MR), a graph-based ranking algorithm, has been widely applied in information retrieval and shown to have excellent performance and feasibility on a variety of data types. Particularly, it has been successfully applied to content-based image retrieval, because of its outstanding ability to discover underlying geometrical structure of the given image database. However, manifold ranking is computationally very expensive, both in graph construction and ranking computation stages, which significantly limits its applicability to very large data sets. In this paper, we extend the original manifold ranking algorithm and propose a new framework named Efficient Manifold Ranking (EMR). We aim to address the shortcomings of MR from two perspectives: scalable graph construction and efficient computation. Specifically, we build an anchor graph on the data set instead of the traditional k-nearest neighbor graph, and design a new form of adjacency matrix utilized to speed up the ranking computation. The experimental results on a real world image database demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed method. With a comparable performance to the original manifold ranking, our method significantly reduces the computational time, makes it a promising method to large scale real world retrieval problems.	Efficient manifold ranking for image retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dayong Wang:Steven C.H. Hoi:Ying He	In this paper, we investigate a search-based face annotation framework by mining weakly labeled facial images that are freely available on the internet. A key component of such a search-based annotation paradigm is to build a database of facial images with accurate labels. This is however challenging since facial images on the WWW are often noisy and incomplete. To improve the label quality of raw web facial images, we propose an effective Unsupervised Label Refinement (ULR) approach for refining the labels of web facial images by exploring machine learning techniques. We develop effective optimization algorithms to solve the large-scale learning tasks efficiently, and conduct an extensive empirical study on a web facial image database with 400 persons and 40,000 web facial images. Encouraging results showed that the proposed ULR technique can significantly boost the performance of the promising search-based face annotation scheme.	Mining weakly labeled web facial images for search-based face annotation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Avishek Anand:Srikanta Bedathur:Klaus Berberich:Ralf Schenkel	Time-travel queries that couple temporal constraints with keyword queries are useful in searching large-scale archives of time-evolving content such as the web archives or wikis. Typical approaches for efficient evaluation of these queries involve slicing either the entire collection [20] or individual index lists [10] along the time-axis. Both these methods are not satisfactory since they sacrifice compactness of index for processing efficiency making them either too big or, otherwise, too slow. We present a novel index organization scheme that shards each index list with almost zero increase in index size but still minimizes the cost of reading index entries during query processing. Based on the optimal sharding thus btained, we develop a practically efficient sharding that takes into account the different costs of random and sequential accesses. Our algorithm merges shards from the optimal solution to allow for a few extra sequential accesses while gaining significantly by reducing the number of random accesses. We empirically establish the effectiveness of our sharding scheme with experiments over the revision history of the English Wikipedia between 2001-2005 (approx 700 GB) and an archive of U.K. governmental web sites (approx 400 GB). Our results demonstrate the feasibility of faster time-travel query processing with no space overhead.	Temporal index sharding for space-time efficiency in archive search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Manish Patil:Sharma V. Thankachan:Rahul Shah:Wing-Kai Hon:Jeffrey Scott Vitter:Sabrina Chandrasekaran	Inverted indexes are the most fundamental and widely used data structures in information retrieval. For each unique word occurring in a document collection, the inverted index stores a list of the documents in which this word occurs. Compression techniques are often applied to further reduce the space requirement of these lists. However, the index has a shortcoming, in that only predefined pattern queries can be supported efficiently. In terms of string documents where word boundaries are undefined, if we have to index all the substrings of a given document, then the storage quickly becomes quadratic in the data size. Also, if we want to apply the same type of indexes for querying phrases or sequence of words, then the inverted index will end up storing redundant information. In this paper, we show the first set of inverted indexes which work naturally for strings as well as phrase searching. The central idea is to exclude document d in the inverted list of a string P if every occurrence of P in d is subsumed by another string of which P is a prefix. With this we show that our space utilization is close to the optimal. Techniques from succinct data structures are deployed to achieve compression while allowing fast access in terms of frequency and document id based retrieval. Compression and speed trade-offs are evaluated for different variants of the proposed index. For phrase searching, we show that our indexes compare favorably against a typical inverted index deploying position-wise intersections. We also show efficient top-k based retrieval under relevance metrics like frequency and tf-idf.	Inverted indexes for phrases and strings	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jinru He:Torsten Suel	Versioned textual collections are collections that retain multiple versions of a document as it evolves over time. Important large-scale examples are Wikipedia and the web collection of the Internet Archive. Search queries over such collections often use keywords as well as temporal constraints, most commonly a time range of interest. In this paper, we study how to support such temporal range queries over versioned text. Our goal is to process these queries faster than the corresponding keyword-only queries, by exploiting the additional constraint. A simple approach might partition the index into different time ranges, and then access only the relevant parts. However, specialized inverted index compression techniques are crucial for large versioned collections, and a naive partitioning can negatively affect index size and query throughput. We show how to achieve high query throughput by using smart index partitioning techniques that take index compression into account. Experiments on over 85 million versions of Wikipedia articles show that queries can be executed in a few milliseconds on memory-based index structures, and only slightly more time on disk-based structures. We also show how to efficiently support the recently proposed stable top-k search primitive on top of our schemes.	Faster temporal range queries over versioned text	NA:NA	2018
Shuai Ding:Sreenivas Gollapudi:Samuel Ieong:Krishnaram Kenthapadi:Alexandros Ntoulas	Large web search engines process billions of queries each day over tens of billions of documents with often very stringent requirements for a user's search experience, in particular, low latency and highly relevant search results. Index generation and serving are key to satisfying both these requirements. For example, the load to search engines can vary drastically when popular events happen around the world. In the case when the load is exceeding what the search engine can serve, queries will get dropped. This results in an un- graceful degradation in search quality. Another example that could increase the query load and affect the user's search experience are ambiguous queries which often result in the execution of multiple query alterations in the back end. In this paper, we look into the problem of designing robust indexing strategies, i.e. strategies that allow for a graceful degradation of search quality in both the above scenarios. We study the problems of index generation and serving using the notions of document allocation, server selection, and document replication. We explore the space of efficient algorithms for these problems and empirically corroborate with existing theory that it is hard to optimally solve the alocation and selection problems without any replication. We propose a greedy replication algorithm and study its performance under different choices of allocation and selection. Further, we show hat under random selection and allocation, our algorithm is optimal.	Indexing strategies for graceful degradation of search quality	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Enrico Minack:Wolf Siberski:Wolfgang Nejdl	Result diversification is an effective method to reduce the risk that none of the returned results satisfies a user's query intention. It has been shown to decrease query abandonment substantially. On the other hand, computing an optimally diverse set is NP-hard for the usual objectives. Existing greedy diversification algorithms require random access to the input set, rendering them impractical in the context of large result sets or continuous data. To solve this issue, we present a novel diversification approach which treats the input as a stream and processes each element in an incremental fashion, maintaining a near-optimal diverse set at any point in the stream. Our approach exhibits a linear computation and constant memory complexity with respect to input size, without significant loss of diversification quality. In an extensive evaluation on several real-world data sets, we show the applicability and efficiency of our algorithm for large result sets as well as for continuous query scenarios such as news stream subscriptions.	Incremental diversification for very large sets: a streaming-based approach	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rodrygo L.T. Santos:Craig Macdonald:Iadh Ounis	Search result diversification has gained momentum as a way to tackle ambiguous queries. An effective approach to this problem is to explicitly model the possible aspects underlying a query, in order to maximise the estimated relevance of the retrieved documents with respect to the different aspects. However, such aspects themselves may represent information needs with rather distinct intents (e.g., informational or navigational). Hence, a diverse ranking could benefit from applying intent-aware retrieval models when estimating the relevance of documents to different aspects. In this paper, we propose to diversify the results retrieved for a given query, by learning the appropriateness of different retrieval models for each of the aspects underlying this query. Thorough experiments within the evaluation framework provided by the diversity task of the TREC 2009 and 2010 Web tracks show that the proposed approach can significantly improve state-of-the-art diversification approaches.	Intent-aware search result diversification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Bendersky:Donald Metzler:W. Bruce Croft	The majority of the current information retrieval models weight the query concepts (e.g., terms or phrases) in an unsupervised manner, based solely on the collection statistics. In this paper, we go beyond the unsupervised estimation of concept weights, and propose a parameterized concept weighting model. In our model, the weight of each query concept is determined using a parameterized combination of diverse importance features. Unlike the existing supervised ranking methods, our model learns importance weights not only for the explicit query concepts, but also for the latent concepts that are associated with the query through pseudo-relevance feedback. The experimental results on both newswire and web TREC corpora show that our model consistently and significantly outperforms a wide range of state-of-the-art retrieval models. In addition, our model significantly reduces the number of latent concepts used for query expansion compared to the non-parameterized pseudo-relevance feedback based models.	Parameterized concept weighting in verbose queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gang Chen:He Bai:Lidan Shou:Ke Chen:Yunjun Gao	In recent years, personalized web search (PWS) has demonstrated effectiveness in improving the quality of search service on the Internet. Unfortunately, the need for collecting private information in PWS has become a major barrier for its wide proliferation. We study privacy protection in PWS engines which capture personalities in user profiles. We propose a PWS framework called UPS that can generalize profiles in for each query according to user-specified privacy requirements. Two predictive metrics are proposed to evaluate the privacy breach risk and the query utility for hierarchical user profile. We develop two simple but effective generalization algorithms for user profiles allowing for query-level customization using our proposed metrics. We also provide an online prediction mechanism based on query utility for deciding whether to personalize a query in UPS. Extensive experiments demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our framework.	UPS: efficient privacy protection in personalized web search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yashar Moshfeghi:Benjamin Piwowarski:Joemon M. Jose	Collaborative filtering (CF) aims to recommend items based on prior user interaction. Despite their success, CF techniques do not handle data sparsity well, especially in the case of the cold start problem where there is no past rating for an item. In this paper, we provide a framework, which is able to tackle such issues by considering item-related emotions and semantic data. In order to predict the rating of an item for a given user, this framework relies on an extension of Latent Dirichlet Allocation, and on gradient boosted trees for the final prediction. We apply this framework to movie recommendation and consider two emotion spaces extracted from the movie plot summary and the reviews, and three semantic spaces: actor, director, and genre. Experiments with the 100K and 1M MovieLens datasets show that including emotion and semantic information significantly improves the accuracy of prediction and improves upon the state-of-the-art CF techniques. We also analyse the importance of each feature space and describe some uncovered latent groups.	Handling data sparsity in collaborative filtering using emotion and semantic based features	NA:NA:NA	2018
Steffen Rendle:Zeno Gantner:Christoph Freudenthaler:Lars Schmidt-Thieme	The situation in which a choice is made is an important information for recommender systems. Context-aware recommenders take this information into account to make predictions. So far, the best performing method for context-aware rating prediction in terms of predictive accuracy is Multiverse Recommendation based on the Tucker tensor factorization model. However this method has two drawbacks: (1) its model complexity is exponential in the number of context variables and polynomial in the size of the factorization and (2) it only works for categorical context variables. On the other hand there is a large variety of fast but specialized recommender methods which lack the generality of context-aware methods. We propose to apply Factorization Machines (FMs) to model contextual information and to provide context-aware rating predictions. This approach results in fast context-aware recommendations because the model equation of FMs can be computed in linear time both in the number of context variables and the factorization size. For learning FMs, we develop an iterative optimization method that analytically finds the least-square solution for one parameter given the other ones. Finally, we show empirically that our approach outperforms Multiverse Recommendation in prediction quality and runtime.	Fast context-aware recommendations with factorization machines	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lanbo Zhang:Yi Zhang:Qianli Xing	Existing adaptive filtering systems learn user profiles based on users' relevance judgments on documents. In some cases, users have some prior knowledge about what features are important for a document to be relevant. For example, a Spanish speaker may only want news written in Spanish, and thus a relevant document should contain the feature "Language: Spanish"; a researcher working on HIV knows an article with the medical subject "Subject: AIDS" is very likely to be interesting to him/her. Semi-structured documents with rich faceted metadata are increasingly prevalent over the Internet. Motivated by the commonly used faceted search interface in e-commerce, we study whether users' prior knowledge about faceted features could be exploited for filtering semi-structured documents. We envision two faceted feedback solicitation mechanisms, and propose a novel user profile learning algorithm that can incorporate user feedback on features. To evaluate the proposed work, we use two data sets from the TREC filtering track, and conduct a user study on Amazon Mechanical Turk. Our experimental results show that user feedback on faceted features is useful for filtering. The new user profile learning algorithm can effectively learn from user feedback on faceted features and performs better than several other methods adapted from the feature-based feedback techniques proposed for retrieval and text classification tasks in previous work.	Filtering semi-structured documents based on faceted feedback	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chi Wang:Rajat Raina:David Fong:Ding Zhou:Jiawei Han:Greg Badros	The rise of social networking services in recent years presents new research challenges for matching users with interesting content. While the content-rich nature of these social networks offers many cues on "interests" of a user such as text in user-generated content, the links in the network, and user demographic information, there is a lack of successful methods for combining such heterogeneous data to model interest and relevance. This paper proposes a new method for modeling user interest from heterogeneous data sources with distinct but unknown importance. The model leverages links in the social graph by integrating the conceptual representation of a user's linked objects. The proposed method seeks a scalable relevance model of user interest, that can be discriminatively optimized for various relevance-centric problems, such as Internet advertisement selection, recommendation, and web search personalization. We apply our algorithm to the task of selecting relevant ads for users on Facebook's social network. We demonstrate that our algorithm can be scaled to work with historical data for all users, and learns interesting associations between concept classes automatically. We also show that using the learnt user model to predict the relevance of an ad is the single most important signal in our ranking system for new ads (with no historical clickthrough data), and overall leads to an improvement in the accuracy of the clickthrough rate prediction, a key problem in online advertising.	Learning relevance from heterogeneous social network and its application in online targeting	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Samaneh Moghaddam:Martin Ester	Today, more and more product reviews become available on the Internet, e.g., product review forums, discussion groups, and Blogs. However, it is almost impossible for a customer to read all of the different and possibly even contradictory opinions and make an informed decision. Therefore, mining online reviews (opinion mining) has emerged as an interesting new research direction. Extracting aspects and the corresponding ratings is an important challenge in opinion mining. An aspect is an attribute or component of a product, e.g. 'screen' for a digital camera. It is common that reviewers use different words to describe an aspect (e.g. 'LCD', 'display', 'screen'). A rating is an intended interpretation of the user satisfaction in terms of numerical values. Reviewers usually express the rating of an aspect by a set of sentiments, e.g. 'blurry screen'. In this paper we present three probabilistic graphical models which aim to extract aspects and corresponding ratings of products from online reviews. The first two models extend standard PLSI and LDA to generate a rated aspect summary of product reviews. As our main contribution, we introduce Interdependent Latent Dirichlet Allocation (ILDA) model. This model is more natural for our task since the underlying probabilistic assumptions (interdependency between aspects and ratings) are appropriate for our problem domain. We conduct experiments on a real life dataset, Epinions.com, demonstrating the improved effectiveness of the ILDA model in terms of the likelihood of a held-out test set, and the accuracy of aspects and aspect ratings.	ILDA: interdependent LDA model for learning latent aspects and their ratings from online product reviews	NA:NA	2018
Jianfeng Gao:Kristina Toutanova:Wen-tau Yih	This paper presents two new document ranking models for Web search based upon the methods of semantic representation and the statistical translation-based approach to information retrieval (IR). Assuming that a query is parallel to the titles of the documents clicked on for that query, large amounts of query-title pairs are constructed from clickthrough data; two latent semantic models are learned from this data. One is a bilingual topic model within the language modeling framework. It ranks documents for a query by the likelihood of the query being a semantics-based translation of the documents. The semantic representation is language independent and learned from query-title pairs, with the assumption that a query and its paired titles share the same distribution over semantic topics. The other is a discriminative projection model within the vector space modeling framework. Unlike Latent Semantic Analysis and its variants, the projection matrix in our model, which is used to map from term vectors into sematic space, is learned discriminatively such that the distance between a query and its paired title, both represented as vectors in the projected semantic space, is smaller than that between the query and the titles of other documents which have no clicks for that query. These models are evaluated on the Web search task using a real world data set. Results show that they significantly outperform their corresponding baseline models, which are state-of-the-art.	Clickthrough-based latent semantic models for web search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Quan Wang:Jun Xu:Hang Li:Nick Craswell	Topic modeling can boost the performance of information retrieval, but its real-world application is limited due to scalability issues. Scaling to larger document collections via parallelization is an active area of research, but most solutions require drastic steps such as vastly reducing input vocabulary. We introduce Regularized Latent Semantic Indexing (RLSI), a new method which is designed for parallelization. It is as effective as existing topic models, and scales to larger datasets without reducing input vocabulary. RLSI formalizes topic modeling as a problem of minimizing a quadratic loss function regularized by l₂ and/or l₁ norm. This formulation allows the learning process to be decomposed into multiple sub-optimization problems which can be optimized in parallel, for example via MapReduce. We particularly propose adopting l₂ norm on topics and l₁ norm on document representations, to create a model with compact and readable topics and useful for retrieval. Relevance ranking experiments on three TREC datasets show that RLSI performs better than LSI, PLSI, and LDA, and the improvements are sometimes statistically significant. Experiments on a web dataset, containing about 1.6 million documents and 7 million terms, demonstrate a similar boost in performance on a larger corpus and vocabulary than in previous studies.	Regularized latent semantic indexing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Liqiang Nie:Meng Wang:Zhengjun Zha:Guangda Li:Tat-Seng Chua	Existing community question-answering forums usually provide only textual answers. However, for many questions, pure texts cannot provide intuitive information, while image or video contents are more appropriate. In this paper, we introduce a scheme that is able to enrich text answers with image and video information. Our scheme investigates a rich set of techniques including question/answer classification, query generation, image and video search reranking, etc. Given a question and the community-contributed answer, our approach is able to determine which type of media information should be added, and then automatically collects data from Internet to enrich the textual answer. Different from some efforts that attempt to directly answer questions with image and video data, our approach is built based on the community-contributed textual answers and thus it is more feasible and able to deal with more complex questions. We have conducted empirical study on more than 3,000 QA pairs and the results demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.	Multimedia answering: enriching text QA with media information	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chris Sanden:John Z. Zhang	In the field of Music Information Retrieval (MIR), multi-label genre classification is the problem of assigning one or more genre labels to a music piece. In this work, we propose a set of ensemble techniques, which are specific to the task of multi-label genre classification. Our goal is to enhance classification performance by combining multiple classifiers. In addition, we also investigate some existing ensemble techniques from machine learning. The effectiveness of these techniques is demonstrated through a set of empirical experiments and various related issues are discussed. To the best of our knowledge, there has been limited work on applying ensemble techniques to multi-label genre classification in the literature and we consider the results in this work as our initial efforts toward this end. The significance of our work has two folds: (1) proposing a set of ensemble techniques specific to music genre classification and (2) shedding light on further research along this direction.	Enhancing multi-label music genre classification through ensemble techniques	NA:NA	2018
Aleksandar Stupar:Sebastian Michel	We study the problem of automatically assigning appropriate music pieces to a picture or, in general, series of pictures. This task, commonly referred to as soundtrack suggestion, is non-trivial as it requires a lot of human attention and a good deal of experience, with master pieces distinguished, e.g., with the Academy Award for Best Original Score. We put forward PICASSO to solve this task in a fully automated way. PICASSO makes use of genuine samples obtained from first-class contemporary movies. Hence, the training set can be arbitrarily large and is also inexpensive to obtain but still provides an excellent source of information. At query time, PICASSO employs a three-level algorithm. First, it selects for a given query image a ranking of the most similar screenshots taken, and subsequently, selects for each screenshot the most similar songs to the music played in the movie when the screenshot was taken. Last, it issues a top-K aggregation algorithm to find the overall best suitable songs available. We have created a large training set consisting of over 40,000 image/soundtrack samples obtained from 28 movies and evaluated the suitability of PICASSO by means of a user study.	Picasso - to sing, you must close your eyes and draw	NA:NA	2018
Kevin Haas:Peter Mika:Paul Tarjan:Roi Blanco	"Ten blue links" have defined web search results for the last fifteen years -- snippets of text combined with document titles and URLs. In this paper, we establish the notion of enhanced search results that extend web search results to include multimedia objects such as images and video, intent-specific key value pairs, and elements that allow the user to interact with the contents of a web page directly from the search results page. We show that users express a preference for enhanced results both explicitly, and when observed in their search behavior. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of enhanced results in helping users to assess the relevance of search results. Lastly, we show that we can efficiently generate enhanced results to cover a significant fraction of search result pages.	Enhanced results for web search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaojun Wan:Houping Jia:Shanshan Huang:Jianguo Xiao	There usually exist many news articles written in different languages about a hot news event. The news articles in different languages are written in different ways to reflect different standpoints. For example, the Chinese news agencies and the Western news agencies have published many articles to report the same news of "Liu Xiaobo's Nobel Prize" in Chinese and English languages, respectively. The Chinese news articles and the English news articles share something about the news fact in common, but they focus on different aspects in order to reflect different standpoints about the event. In this paper, we investigate the task of multilingual news summarization for the purpose of finding and summarizing the major differences between the news articles about the same event in the Chinese and English languages. We propose a novel constrained co-ranking (C-CoRank) method for addressing this special task. The C-CoRank method adds the constraints between the difference score and the common score of each sentence to the co-ranking process. Evaluation results on the manually labeled test set with 15 news topics show the effectiveness of our proposed method, and the constrained co-ranking method can outperform a few baselines and the typical co-ranking method.	Summarizing the differences in multilingual news	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rui Yan:Xiaojun Wan:Jahna Otterbacher:Liang Kong:Xiaoming Li:Yan Zhang	Classic news summarization plays an important role with the exponential document growth on the Web. Many approaches are proposed to generate summaries but seldom simultaneously consider evolutionary characteristics of news plus to traditional summary elements. Therefore, we present a novel framework for the web mining problem named Evolutionary Timeline Summarization (ETS). Given the massive collection of time-stamped web documents related to a general news query, ETS aims to return the evolution trajectory along the timeline, consisting of individual but correlated summaries of each date, emphasizing relevance, coverage, coherence and cross-date diversity. ETS greatly facilitates fast news browsing and knowledge comprehension and hence is a necessity. We formally formulate the task as an optimization problem via iterative substitution from a set of sentences to a subset of sentences that satisfies the above requirements, balancing coherence/diversity measurement and local/global summary quality. The optimized substitution is iteratively conducted by incorporating several constraints until convergence. We develop experimental systems to evaluate on 6 instinctively different datasets which amount to 10251 documents. Performance comparisons between different system-generated timelines and manually created ones by human editors demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed framework in terms of ROUGE metrics.	Evolutionary timeline summarization: a balanced optimization framework via iterative substitution	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nattiya Kanhabua:Roi Blanco:Michael Matthews	We estimate that nearly one third of news articles contain references to future events. While this information can prove crucial to understanding news stories and how events will develop for a given topic, there is currently no easy way to access this information. We propose a new task to address the problem of retrieving and ranking sentences that contain mentions to future events, which we call ranking related news predictions. In this paper, we formally define this task and propose a learning to rank approach based on 4 classes of features: term similarity, entity-based similarity, topic similarity, and temporal similarity. Through extensive evaluations using a corpus consisting of 1.8 millions news articles and 6,000 manually judged relevance pairs, we show that our approach is able to retrieve a significant number of relevant predictions related to a given topic.	Ranking related news predictions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xianpei Han:Le Sun:Jun Zhao	Entity Linking (EL) is the task of linking name mentions in Web text with their referent entities in a knowledge base. Traditional EL methods usually link name mentions in a document by assuming them to be independent. However, there is often additional interdependence between different EL decisions, i.e., the entities in the same document should be semantically related to each other. In these cases, Collective Entity Linking, in which the name mentions in the same document are linked jointly by exploiting the interdependence between them, can improve the entity linking accuracy. This paper proposes a graph-based collective EL method, which can model and exploit the global interdependence between different EL decisions. Specifically, we first propose a graph-based representation, called Referent Graph, which can model the global interdependence between different EL decisions. Then we propose a collective inference algorithm, which can jointly infer the referent entities of all name mentions by exploiting the interdependence captured in Referent Graph. The key benefit of our method comes from: 1) The global interdependence model of EL decisions; 2) The purely collective nature of the inference algorithm, in which evidence for related EL decisions can be reinforced into high-probability decisions. Experimental results show that our method can achieve significant performance improvement over the traditional EL methods.	Collective entity linking in web text: a graph-based method	NA:NA:NA	2018
Qiang Hao:Rui Cai:Yanwei Pang:Lei Zhang	Structured data, in the form of entities and associated attributes, has been a rich web resource for search engines and knowledge databases. To efficiently extract structured data from enormous websites in various verticals (e.g., books, restaurants), much research effort has been attracted, but most existing approaches either require considerable human effort or rely on strong features that lack of flexibility. We consider an ambitious scenario -- can we build a system that (1) is general enough to handle any vertical without re-implementation and (2) requires only one labeled example site from each vertical for training to automatically deal with other sites in the same vertical? In this paper, we propose a unified solution to demonstrate the feasibility of this scenario. Specifically, we design a set of weak but general features to characterize vertical knowledge (including attribute-specific semantics and inter-attribute layout relationships). Such features can be adopted in various verticals without redesign; meanwhile, they are weak enough to avoid overfitting of the learnt knowledge to seed sites. Given a new unseen site, the learnt knowledge is first applied to identify page-level candidate attribute values, while inevitably involve false positives. To remove noise, site-level information of the new site is then exploited to boost up the true values. The site-level information is derived in an unsupervised manner, without harm to the applicability of the solution. Promising experimental performance on 80 websites in 8 distinct verticals demonstrated the feasibility and flexibility of the proposed solution.	From one tree to a forest: a unified solution for structured web data extraction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Klaus Berberich:Arnd Christian König:Dimitrios Lymberopoulos:Peixiang Zhao	The signals used for ranking in local search are very different from web search: in addition to (textual) relevance, measures of (geographic) distance between the user and the search result, as well as measures of popularity of the result are important for effective ranking. Depending on the query and search result, different ways to quantify these factors exist -- for example, it is possible to use customer ratings to quantify the popularity of restaurants, whereas different measures are more appropriate for other types of businesses. Hence, our approach is to capture the different notions of distance/popularity relevant via a number of external data sources (e.g., logs of customer ratings, driving-direction requests, or site accesses). In this paper we will describe the relevant signal contained in a number of such data sources in detail and present methods to integrate these external data sources into the feature generation for local search ranking. In particular, we propose novel backoff methods to alleviate the impact of skew, noise or incomplete data in these logs in a systematic manner. We evaluate our techniques on both human-judged relevance data as well as click-through data from a commercial local search engine.	Improving local search ranking through external logs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sumit Bhatia:Debapriyo Majumdar:Prasenjit Mitra	After an end-user has partially input a query, intelligent search engines can suggest possible completions of the partial query to help end-users quickly express their information needs. All major web-search engines and most proposed methods that suggest queries rely on search engine query logs to determine possible query suggestions. However, for customized search systems in the enterprise domain, intranet search, or personalized search such as email or desktop search or for infrequent queries, query logs are either not available or the user base and the number of past user queries is too small to learn appropriate models. We propose a probabilistic mechanism for generating query suggestions from the corpus without using query logs. We utilize the document corpus to extract a set of candidate phrases. As soon as a user starts typing a query, phrases that are highly correlated with the partial user query are selected as completions of the partial query and are offered as query suggestions. Our proposed approach is tested on a variety of datasets and is compared with state-of-the-art approaches. The experimental results clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach in suggesting queries with higher quality.	Query suggestions in the absence of query logs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Alpa Jain:Umut Ozertem:Emre Velipasaoglu	Search engines are continuously looking into methods to alleviate users' effort in finding desired information. For this, all major search engines employ query suggestions methods to facilitate effective query formulation and reformulation. Providing high quality query suggestions is a critical task for search engines and so far most research efforts have focused on tapping various information available in search query logs to identify potential suggestions. By relying on this single source of information, suggestion providing systems often restrict themselves to only previously observed query sessions. Therefore, a critical challenge faced by query suggestions provision mechanism is that of coverage, i.e., the number of unique queries for which users are provided with suggestions, while keeping the suggestion quality high. To address this problem, we propose a novel way of generating suggestions for user search queries by moving beyond the dependency on search query logs and providing synthetic suggestions for web search queries. The key challenges in providing synthetic suggestions include identifying important concepts in a query and systematically exploring related concepts while ensuring that the resulting suggestions are relevant to the user query and of high utility. We present an end-to-end system to generate synthetic suggestions that builds upon novel query-level operations and combines information available from various textual sources. We evaluate our suggestion system over a large-scale real-world dataset of query logs and show that our methods increase the coverage of query-suggestion pairs by up to 39% without compromising the quality or the utility of the suggestions.	Synthesizing high utility suggestions for rare web search queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yang Song:Dengyong Zhou:Li-wei He	Query suggestion refers to the process of suggesting related queries to search engine users. Most existing researches have focused on improving the relevance of suggested queries. In this paper, we introduce the concept of diversifying the content of the search results from suggested queries while keeping the suggestion relevant. Our framework first retrieves a set of query candidates from search engine logs using random walk and other techniques. We then re-rank the suggested queries by ranking them in the order which maximizes the diversification function that measures the difference between the original search results and the results from suggested queries. The diversification function we proposed includes features like ODP category, URL and domain similarity and so on. One important outcome from our research which contradicts with most existing researches is that, with the increase of suggestion relevance, the similarity between the queries actually decreases. Experiments are conducted on a large set of human-labeled data, which is randomly sampled from a commercial search engine's log. Results indicate that the post-ranking framework significantly improves the relevance of suggested queries by comparing to existing models.	Post-ranking query suggestion by diversifying search results	NA:NA:NA	2018
Youngho Kim:Jangwon Seo:W. Bruce Croft	In professional search environments, such as patent search or legal search, search tasks have unique characteristics: 1) users interactively issue several queries for a topic, and 2) users are willing to examine many retrieval results, i.e., there is typically an emphasis on recall. Recent surveys have also verified that professional searchers continue to have a strong preference for Boolean queries because they provide a record of what documents were searched. To support this type of professional search, we propose a novel Boolean query suggestion technique. Specifically, we generate Boolean queries by exploiting decision trees learned from pseudo-labeled documents and rank the suggested queries using query quality predictors. We evaluate our algorithm in simulated patent and medical search environments. Compared with a recent effective query generation system, we demonstrate that our technique is effective and general.	Automatic boolean query suggestion for professional search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Katja Filippova:Keith B. Hall	We consider the task of assigning categories (e.g., howto/cooking, sports/basketball, pet/dogs) to YouTube videos from video and text signals. We show that two complementary views on the data -- from the video and text perspectives -- complement each other and refine predictions. The contributions of the paper are threefold: (1) we show that a text-based classifier trained on imperfect predictions of the weakly supervised video content-based classifier is not redundant; (2) we demonstrate that a simple model which combines the predictions made by the two classifiers outperforms each of them taken independently; (3) we analyse such sources of text information as video title, description, user tags and viewers' comments and show that each of them provides valuable clues to the topic of the video.	Improved video categorization from text metadata and user comments	NA:NA	2018
Michael D. Lieberman:Hanan Samet	News sources on the Web generate constant streams of information, describing many aspects of the events that shape our world. In particular, geography plays a key role in the news, and enabling geographic retrieval of news articles involves recognizing the textual references to geographic locations (called toponyms) present in the articles, which can be difficult due to ambiguity in natural language. Toponym recognition in news is often accomplished with algorithms designed and tested around small corpora of news articles, but these static collections do not reflect the streaming nature of online news, as evidenced by poor performance in tests. In contrast, a method for toponym recognition is presented that is tuned for streaming news by leveraging a wide variety of recognition components, both rule-based and statistical. An evaluation of this method shows that it outperforms two prominent toponym recognition systems when tested on large datasets of streaming news, indicating its suitability for this domain.	Multifaceted toponym recognition for streaming news	NA:NA	2018
Seung-Hoon Na:Hwee Tou Ng	Word ambiguity and vocabulary mismatch are critical problems in information retrieval. To deal with these problems, this paper proposes the use of translated words to enrich document representation, going beyond the words in the original source language to represent a document. In our approach, each original document is automatically translated into an auxiliary language, and the resulting translated document serves as a semantically enhanced representation for supplementing the original bag of words. The core of our translation representation is the expected term frequency of a word in a translated document, which is calculated by averaging the term frequencies over all possible translations, rather than focusing on the 1-best translation only. To achieve better efficiency of translation, we do not rely on full-fledged machine translation, but instead use monotonic translation by removing the time-consuming reordering component. Experiments carried out on standard TREC test collections show that our proposed translation representation leads to statistically significant improvements over using only the original language of the document collection.	Enriching document representation via translation for improved monolingual information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Jiaul H. Paik:Dipasree Pal:Swapan K. Parui	We present a stemming algorithm for text retrieval. The algorithm uses the statistics collected on the basis of certain corpus analysis based on the co-occurrence between two word variants. We use a very simple co-occurrence measure that reflects how often a pair of word variants occurs in a document as well as in the whole corpus. A graph is formed where the word variants are the nodes and two word variants form an edge if they co-occur. On the basis of the co-occurrence measure, a certain edge strength is defined for each of the edges. Finally, on the basis of the edge strengths, we propose a partition algorithm that groups the word variants based on their strongest neighbors, that is, the neighbors with largest strengths. Our stemming algorithm has two static parameters and does not use any other information except the co-occurrence statistics from the corpus. The experiments on TREC, CLEF and FIRE data consisting of four European and two Asian languages show a significant improvement over no-stem strategy on all the languages. Also, the proposed algorithm significantly outperforms a number of strong stemmers including the rule-based ones on a number of languages. For highly inflectional languages, a relative improvement of about 50% is obtained compared to un-normalized words and a relative improvement ranging from 5% to 16% is obtained compared to the rule based stemmer for the concerned language.	A novel corpus-based stemming algorithm using co-occurrence statistics	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dan Zhang:Jingdong Wang:Luo Si	Document clustering is a popular research topic, which aims to partition documents into groups of similar objects (i.e., clusters), and has been widely used in many applications such as automatic topic extraction, document organization and filtering. As a recently proposed concept, Universum is a collection of "non-examples" that do not belong to any concept/cluster of interest. This paper proposes a novel document clustering technique -- Document Clustering with Universum, which utilizes the Universum examples to improve the clustering performance. The intuition is that the Universum examples can serve as supervised information and help improve the performance of clustering, since they are known not belonging to any meaningful concepts/clusters in the target domain. In particular, a maximum margin clustering method is proposed to model both target examples and Universum examples for clustering. An extensive set of experiments is conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed algorithm.	Document clustering with universum	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yiyang Yang:Zhiguo Gong:Leong Hou U	Deducing trip related information from web-scale datasets has received very large amounts of attention recently. Identifying points of interest (POIs) in geo-tagged photos is one of these problems. The problem can be viewed as a standard clustering problem of partitioning two dimensional objects. In this work, we study spectral clustering which is the first attempt for the POIs identification. However, there is no unified approach to assign the clustering parameters; especially the features of POIs are immensely varying in different metropolitans and locations. To address this, we are intent to study a self-tuning technique which can properly assign the parameters for the clustering needed. Besides geographical information, web photos inherently store rich information. These information are mutually influenced each others and should be taken into trip related mining tasks. To address this, we study reinforcement which constructs the relationship over multiple sources by iterative learning. At last, we thoroughly demonstrate our findings by web scale datasets collected from Flickr.	Identifying points of interest by self-tuning clustering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Anna Khudyak Kozorovitsky:Oren Kurland	Methods for fusing document lists that were retrieved in response to a query often use retrieval scores (or ranks) of documents in the lists. We present a novel probabilistic fusion approach that utilizes an additional source of rich information, namely, inter-document similarities. Specifically, our model integrates information induced from clusters of similar documents created across the lists with that produced by some fusion method that relies on retrieval scores (ranks). Empirical evaluation shows that our approach is highly effective for fusion. For example, the performance of our model is consistently better than that of the standard (effective) fusion method that it integrates. The performance also transcends that of standard fusion of re-ranked lists, where list re-ranking is based on clusters created from documents in the list.	Cluster-based fusion of retrieved lists	NA:NA	2018
Ben Carterette	There is great interest in producing effectiveness measures that model user behavior in order to better model the utility of a system to its users. These measures are often formulated as a sum over the product of a discount function of ranks and a gain function mapping relevance assessments to numeric utility values. We develop a conceptual framework for analyzing such effectiveness measures based on classifying members of this broad family of measures into four distinct families, each of which reflects a different notion of system utility. Within this framework we can hypothesize about the properties that such a measure should have and test those hypotheses against user and system data. Along the way we present a collection of novel results about specific measures and relationships between them.	System effectiveness, user models, and user utility: a conceptual framework for investigation	NA	2018
Chirag Shah:Roberto González-Ibáñez	It is typically expected that when people work together, they can often accomplish goals that are difficult or even impossible for individuals. We consider this notion of the group achieving more than the sum of all individuals' achievements to be the synergic effect in collaboration. Similar expectation exists for people working in collaboration for information seeking tasks. We, however, lack a methodology and appropriate evaluation metrics for studying and measuring the synergic effect. In this paper we demonstrate how to evaluate this effect and discuss what it means to various collaborative information seeking (CIS) situations. We present a user study with four different conditions: single user, pair of users at the same computer, pair of users at different computers and co-located, and pair of users remotely located. Each of these individuals or pairs was given the same task of information seeking and usage for the same amount of time. We then combined the outputs of single independent users to form artificial pairs, and compared against the real pairs. Not surprisingly, participants using different computers (co-located or remotely located) were able to cover more information sources than those using a single computer (single user or a pair). But more interestingly, we found that real pairs with their own computers (co-located or remotely located) were able to cover more unique and useful information than that of the artificially created pairs. This indicates that those working in collaboration achieved something greater and better than what could be achieved by adding independent users, thus, demonstrating the synergic effect. Remotely located real teams were also able to formulate a wider range of queries than those pairs that were co-located or artificially created. This shows that the collaborators working remotely were able to achieve synergy while still being able to think and work independently. Through the experiments and measurements presented here, we have also contributed a unique methodology and an evaluation metric for CIS.	Evaluating the synergic effect of collaboration in information seeking	NA:NA	2018
Roi Blanco:Harry Halpin:Daniel M. Herzig:Peter Mika:Jeffrey Pound:Henry S. Thompson:Thanh Tran Duc	The primary problem confronting any new kind of search task is how to boot-strap a reliable and repeatable evaluation campaign, and a crowd-sourcing approach provides many advantages. However, can these crowd-sourced evaluations be repeated over long periods of time in a reliable manner? To demonstrate, we investigate creating an evaluation campaign for the semantic search task of keyword-based ad-hoc object retrieval. In contrast to traditional search over web-pages, object search aims at the retrieval of information from factual assertions about real-world objects rather than searching over web-pages with textual descriptions. Using the first large-scale evaluation campaign that specifically targets the task of ad-hoc Web object retrieval over a number of deployed systems, we demonstrate that crowd-sourced evaluation campaigns can be repeated over time and still maintain reliable results. Furthermore, we show how these results are comparable to expert judges when ranking systems and that the results hold over different evaluation and relevance metrics. This work provides empirical support for scalable, reliable, and repeatable search system evaluation using crowdsourcing.	Repeatable and reliable search system evaluation using crowdsourcing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hua Wang:Heng Huang:Feiping Nie:Chris Ding	The lack of sufficient labeled Web pages in many languages, especially for those uncommonly used ones, presents a great challenge to traditional supervised classification methods to achieve satisfactory Web page classification performance. To address this, we propose a novel Nonnegative Matrix Tri-factorization (NMTF) based Dual Knowledge Transfer (DKT) approach for cross-language Web page classification, which is based on the following two important observations. First, we observe that Web pages for a same topic from different languages usually share some common semantic patterns, though in different representation forms. Second, we also observe that the associations between word clusters and Web page classes are a more reliable carrier than raw words to transfer knowledge across languages. With these recognitions, we attempt to transfer knowledge from the auxiliary language, in which abundant labeled Web pages are available, to target languages, in which we want classify Web pages, through two different paths: word cluster approximations and the associations between word clusters and Web page classes. Due to the reinforcement between these two different knowledge transfer paths, our approach can achieve better classification accuracy. We evaluate the proposed approach in extensive experiments using a real world cross-language Web page data set. Promising results demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach that is consistent with our theoretical analyses.	Cross-language web page classification via dual knowledge transfer using nonnegative matrix tri-factorization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ferhan Ture:Tamer Elsayed:Jimmy Lin	This work explores the problem of cross-lingual pairwise similarity, where the task is to extract similar pairs of documents across two different languages. Solutions to this problem are of general interest for text mining in the multi-lingual context and have specific applications in statistical machine translation. Our approach takes advantage of cross-language information retrieval (CLIR) techniques to project feature vectors from one language into another, and then uses locality-sensitive hashing (LSH) to extract similar pairs. We show that effective cross-lingual pairwise similarity requires working with similarity thresholds that are much lower than in typical monolingual applications, making the problem quite challenging. We present a parallel, scalable MapReduce implementation of the sort-based sliding window algorithm, which is compared to a brute-force approach on German and English Wikipedia collections. Our central finding can be summarized as "no free lunch": there is no single optimal solution. Instead, we characterize effectiveness-efficiency tradeoffs in the solution space, which can guide the developer to locate a desirable operating point based on application- and resource-specific constraints.	No free lunch: brute force vs. locality-sensitive hashing for cross-lingual pairwise similarity	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jannik Strötgen:Michael Gertz:Conny Junghans	Document similarity measures play an important role in many document retrieval and exploration tasks. Over the past decades, several models and techniques have been developed to determine a ranked list of documents similar to a given query document. Interestingly, the proposed approaches typically rely on extensions to the vector space model and are rarely suited for multilingual corpora. In this paper, we present a novel document similarity measure that is based on events extracted from documents. An event is solely described by nearby occurrences of temporal and geographic expressions in a document's text. Thus, a document is modeled as a set of events that can be compared and ranked using temporal and geographic hierarchies. A key feature of our model is that it is term- and language-independent as temporal and geographic expressions mentioned in texts are normalized to a standard format. This also allows to determine similar documents across languages, an important feature in the context of document exploration. Our approach proves to be quite effective, including the discovery of new similarities, as our experiments using different (multilingual) corpora demonstrate.	An event-centric model for multilingual document similarity	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shirish Tatikonda:B. Barla Cambazoglu:Flavio P. Junqueira	In current commercial Web search engines, queries are processed in the conjunctive mode, which requires the search engine to compute the intersection of a number of posting lists to determine the documents matching all query terms. In practice, the intersection operation takes a significant fraction of the query processing time, for some queries dominating the total query latency. Hence, efficient posting list intersection is critical for achieving short query latencies. In this work, we focus on improving the performance of posting list intersection by leveraging the compute capabilities of recent multicore systems. To this end, we consider various coarse-grained and fine-grained parallelization models for list intersection. Specifically, we present an algorithm that partitions the work associated with a given query into a number of small and independent tasks that are subsequently processed in parallel. Through a detailed empirical analysis of these alternative models, we demonstrate that exploiting parallelism at the finest-level of granularity is critical to achieve the best performance on multicore systems. On an eight-core system, the fine-grained parallelization method is able to achieve more than five times reduction in average query processing time while still exploiting the parallelism for high query throughput.	Posting list intersection on multicore architectures	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sadiye Alici:Ismail Sengor Altingovde:Rifat Ozcan:Berkant Barla Cambazoglu:Özgür Ulusoy	The result cache is a vital component for efficiency of large-scale web search engines, and maintaining the freshness of cached query results is the current research challenge. As a remedy to this problem, our work proposes a new mechanism to identify queries whose cached results are stale. The basic idea behind our mechanism is to maintain and compare generation time of query results with update times of posting lists and documents to decide on staleness of query results. The proposed technique is evaluated using a Wikipedia document collection with real update information and a real-life query log. We show that our technique has good prediction accuracy, relative to a baseline based on the time-to-live mechanism. Moreover, it is easy to implement and incurs less processing overhead on the system relative to a recently proposed, more sophisticated invalidation mechanism.	Timestamp-based result cache invalidation for web search engines	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Enver Kayaaslan:B. Barla Cambazoglu:Roi Blanco:Flavio P. Junqueira:Cevdet Aykanat	Concurrently processing thousands of web queries, each with a response time under a fraction of a second, necessitates maintaining and operating massive data centers. For large-scale web search engines, this translates into high energy consumption and a huge electric bill. This work takes the challenge to reduce the electric bill of commercial web search engines operating on data centers that are geographically far apart. Based on the observation that energy prices and query workloads show high spatio-temporal variation, we propose a technique that dynamically shifts the query workload of a search engine between its data centers to reduce the electric bill. Experiments on real-life query workloads obtained from a commercial search engine show that significant financial savings can be achieved by this technique.	Energy-price-driven query processing in multi-center web search engines	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuai Ding:Torsten Suel	Large search engines process thousands of queries per second over billions of documents, making query processing a major performance bottleneck. An important class of optimization techniques called early termination achieves faster query processing by avoiding the scoring of documents that are unlikely to be in the top results. We study new algorithms for early termination that outperform previous methods. In particular, we focus on safe techniques for disjunctive queries, which return the same result as an exhaustive evaluation over the disjunction of the query terms. The current state-of-the-art methods for this case, the WAND algorithm by Broder et al. [11] and the approach of Strohman and Croft [30], achieve great benefits but still leave a large performance gap between disjunctive and (even non-early terminated) conjunctive queries. We propose a new set of algorithms by introducing a simple augmented inverted index structure called a block-max index. Essentially, this is a structure that stores the maximum impact score for each block of a compressed inverted list in uncompressed form, thus enabling us to skip large parts of the lists. We show how to integrate this structure into the WAND approach, leading to considerable performance gains. We then describe extensions to a layered index organization, and to indexes with reassigned document IDs, that achieve additional gains that narrow the gap between disjunctive and conjunctive top-k query processing.	Faster top-k document retrieval using block-max indexes	NA:NA	2018
Jian Wang:Yi Zhang	Traditional recommendation algorithms often select products with the highest predicted ratings to recommend. However, earlier research in economics and marketing indicates that a consumer usually makes purchase decision(s) based on the product's marginal net utility (i.e., the marginal utility minus the product price). Utility is defined as the satisfaction or pleasure user u gets when purchasing the corresponding product. A rational consumer chooses the product to purchase in order to maximize the total net utility. In contrast to the predicted rating, the marginal utility of a product depends on the user's purchase history and changes over time. According to the Law of Diminishing Marginal Utility, many products have the decreasing marginal utility with the increase of purchase count, such as cell phones, computers, and so on. Users are not likely to purchase the same or similar product again in a short time if they already purchased it before. On the other hand, some products, such as pet food, baby diapers, would be purchased again and again. To better match users' purchase decisions in the real world, this paper explores how to recommend products with the highest marginal net utility in e-commerce sites. Inspired by the Cobb-Douglas utility function in consumer behavior theory, we propose a novel utility-based recommendation framework. The framework can be utilized to revamp a family of existing recommendation algorithms. To demonstrate the idea, we use Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) as an example and revamp it with the framework. We evaluate the proposed algorithm on an e-commerce (shop.com) data set. The new algorithm significantly improves the base algorithm, largely due to its ability to recommend both products that are new to the user and products that the user is likely to re-purchase.	Utilizing marginal net utility for recommendation in e-commerce	NA:NA	2018
Ye Chen:John F. Canny	We describe an innovative and scalable recommendation system successfully deployed at eBay. To build recommenders for long-tail marketplaces requires projection of volatile items into a persistent space of latent products. We first present a generative clustering model for collections of unstructured, heterogeneous, and ephemeral item data, under the assumption that items are generated from latent products. An item is represented as a vector of independently and distinctly distributed variables, while a latent product is characterized as a vector of probability distributions, respectively. The probability distributions are chosen as natural stochastic models for different types of data. The learning objective is to maximize the total intra-cluster coherence measured by the sum of log likelihoods of items under such a generative process. In the space of latent products, robust recommendations can then be derived using naive Bayes for ranking, from historical transactional data. Item-based recommendations are achieved by inferring latent products from unseen items. In particular, we develop a probabilistic scoring function of recommended items, which takes into account item-product membership, product purchase probability, and the important auction-end-time factor. With the holistic probabilistic measure of a prospective item purchase, one can further maximize the expected revenue and the more subjective user satisfaction as well. We evaluated the latent product clustering and recommendation ranking models using real-world e-commerce data from eBay, in both forms of offline simulation and online A/B testing. In the recent production launch, our system yielded 3-5 folds improvement over the existing production system in click-through, purchase-through and gross merchandising value; thus now driving 100% related recommendation traffic with billions of items at eBay. We believe that this work provides a practical yet principled framework for recommendation in the domains with affluent user self-input data.	Recommending ephemeral items at web scale	NA:NA	2018
Chen Wei:Wynne Hsu:Mong Li Lee	Social network systems such as FaceBook and YouTube have played a significant role in capturing both explicit and implicit user preferences for different items in the form of ratings and tags. This forms a quaternary relationship among users, items, tags and ratings. Existing systems have utilized only ternary relationships such as users-items-ratings, or users-items-tags to derive their recommendations. In this paper, we show that ternary relationships are insufficient to provide accurate recommendations. Instead, we model the quaternary relationship among users, items, tags and ratings as a 4-order tensor and cast the recommendation problem as a multi-way latent semantic analysis problem. A unified framework for user recommendation, item recommendation, tag recommendation and item rating prediction is proposed. The results of extensive experiments performed on a real world dataset demonstrate that our unified framework outperforms the state-of-the-art techniques in all the four recommendation tasks.	A unified framework for recommendations based on quaternary semantic analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fabiano Belém:Eder Martins:Tatiana Pontes:Jussara Almeida:Marcos Gonçalves	This work addresses the task of recommending relevant tags to a target object by jointly exploiting three dimensions of the problem: (i) term co-occurrence with tags pre-assigned to the target object, (ii) terms extracted from multiple textual features, and (iii) several metrics of tag relevance. In particular, we propose several new heuristic methods, which extend state-of-the-art strategies by including new metrics that try to capture how accurately a candidate term describes the object's content. We also exploit two learning-to-rank (L2R) techniques, namely RankSVM and Genetic Programming, for the task of generating ranking functions that combine multiple metrics to accurately estimate the relevance of a tag to a given object. We evaluate all proposed methods in various scenarios for three popular Web 2.0 applications, namely, LastFM, YouTube and YahooVideo. We found that our new heuristics greatly outperform the methods on which they are based, producing gains in precision of up to 181%, as well as another state-of-the-art technique, with improvements in precision of up to 40% over the best baseline in any scenario. Further improvements can also be achieved with the new L2R strategies, which have the additional advantage of being quite flexible and extensible to exploit other aspects of the tag recommendation problem.	Associative tag recommendation exploiting multiple textual features	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tetsuya Sakai:Ruihua Song	Search queries are often ambiguous and/or underspecified. To accomodate different user needs, search result diversification has received attention in the past few years. Accordingly, several new metrics for evaluating diversification have been proposed, but their properties are little understood. We compare the properties of existing metrics given the premises that (1) queries may have multiple intents; (2) the likelihood of each intent given a query is available; and (3) graded relevance assessments are available for each intent. We compare a wide range of traditional and diversified IR metrics after adding graded relevance assessments to the TREC 2009 Web track diversity task test collection which originally had binary relevance assessments. Our primary criterion is discriminative power, which represents the reliability of a metric in an experiment. Our results show that diversified IR experiments with a given number of topics can be as reliable as traditional IR experiments with the same number of topics, provided that the right metrics are used. Moreover, we compare the intuitiveness of diversified IR metrics by closely examining the actual ranked lists from TREC. We show that a family of metrics called D#-measures have several advantages over other metrics such as α-nDCG and Intent-Aware metrics.	Evaluating diversified search results using per-intent graded relevance	NA:NA	2018
Evangelos Kanoulas:Ben Carterette:Paul D. Clough:Mark Sanderson	The standard system-based evaluation paradigm has focused on assessing the performance of retrieval systems in serving the best results for a single query. Real users, however, often begin an interaction with a search engine with a sufficiently under-specified query that they will need to reformulate before they find what they are looking for. In this work we consider the problem of evaluating retrieval systems over test collections of multi-query sessions. We propose two families of measures: a model-free family that makes no assumption about the user's behavior over a session, and a model-based family with a simple model of user interactions over the session. In both cases we generalize traditional evaluation metrics such as average precision to multi-query session evaluation. We demonstrate the behavior of the proposed metrics by using the new TREC 2010 Session track collection and simulations over the TREC-9 Query track collection.	Evaluating multi-query sessions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Falk Scholer:Andrew Turpin:Mark Sanderson	Relevance assessments are a key component for test collection-based evaluation of information retrieval systems. This paper reports on a feature of such collections that is used as a form of ground truth data to allow analysis of human assessment error. A wide range of test collections are retrospectively examined to determine how accurately assessors judge the relevance of documents. Our results demonstrate a high level of inconsistency across the collections studied. The level of irregularity is shown to vary across topics, with some showing a very high level of assessment error. We investigate possible influences on the error, and demonstrate that inconsistency in judging increases with time. While the level of detail in a topic specification does not appear to influence the errors that assessors make, judgements are significantly affected by the decisions made on previously seen similar documents. Assessors also display an assessment inertia. Alternate approaches to generating relevance judgements appear to reduce errors. A further investigation of the way that retrieval systems are ranked using sets of relevance judgements produced early and late in the judgement process reveals a consistent influence measured across the majority of examined test collections. We conclude that there is a clear value in examining, even inserting, ground truth data in test collections, and propose ways to help minimise the sources of inconsistency when creating future test collections.	Quantifying test collection quality based on the consistency of relevance judgements	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nima Asadi:Donald Metzler:Tamer Elsayed:Jimmy Lin	Test collections are the primary drivers of progress in information retrieval. They provide yardsticks for assessing the effectiveness of ranking functions in an automatic, rapid, and repeatable fashion and serve as training data for learning to rank models. However, manual construction of test collections tends to be slow, labor-intensive, and expensive. This paper examines the feasibility of constructing web search test collections in a completely unsupervised manner given only a large web corpus as input. Within our proposed framework, anchor text extracted from the web graph is treated as a pseudo query log from which pseudo queries are sampled. For each pseudo query, a set of relevant and non-relevant documents are selected using a variety of web-specific features, including spam and aggregated anchor text weights. The automatically mined queries and judgments form a pseudo test collection that can be used for training ranking functions. Experiments carried out on TREC web track data show that learning to rank models trained using pseudo test collections outperform an unsupervised ranking function and are statistically indistinguishable from a model trained using manual judgments, demonstrating the usefulness of our approach in extracting reasonable quality training data "for free".	Pseudo test collections for learning web search ranking functions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuaiqiang Wang:Byron J. Gao:Ke Wang:Hady W. Lauw	Learning to rank represents a category of effective ranking methods for information retrieval. While the primary concern of existing research has been accuracy, learning efficiency is becoming an important issue due to the unprecedented availability of large-scale training data and the need for continuous update of ranking functions. In this paper, we investigate parallel learning to rank, targeting simultaneous improvement in accuracy and efficiency.	Parallel learning to rank for information retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dehong Gao:Renxian Zhang:Wenjie Li:Yiu Keung Lau:Kam Fai Wong	The paper is focused on blogosphere research based on the TREC blog distillation task, and aims to explore unbiased and significant features automatically and efficiently. Feedback from faceted feeds is introduced to harvest relevant features and information gain is used to select discriminative features. The evaluation result shows that the selected feedback features can greatly improve the performance and adapt well to the terabyte data.	Learning features through feedback for blog distillation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mostafa Keikha:Shima Gerani:Fabio Crestani	This paper addresses blog feed retrieval where the goal is to retrieve the most relevant blog feeds for a given user query. Since the retrieval unit is a blog, as a collection of posts, performing relevance feedback techniques and selecting the most appropriate documents for query expansion becomes challenging. By assuming time as an effective parameter on the blog posts content, we propose a time-based query expansion method. In this method, we select terms for expansion using most relevant days for the query, as opposed to most relevant documents. This provide us with more trustable terms for expansion. Our preliminary experiments on Blog08 collection shows that this method can outperform state of the art relevance feedback methods in blog retrieval.	Time-based relevance models	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ronan Cummins:Joemon Jose:Colm O'Riordan	Query performance prediction (QPP) is an important task in information retrieval (IR). In this paper, we (1) develop a new predictor based on the standard deviation of scores in a variable length ranked list, and (2) we show that this new predictor outperforms state-of-the-art approaches without the need for tuning.	Improved query performance prediction using standard deviation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiajin Wu:Zhihao Yang:Yuan Lin:Hongfei Lin:Zheng Ye:Kan Xu	In this paper, we use query-level regression as the loss function. The regression loss function has been used in pointwise methods, however pointwise methods ignore the query boundaries and treat the data equally across queries, and thus the effectiveness is limited. We show that regression is an effective loss function for learning to rank when used in query-level. We use neural network to model the ranking function and gradient descent for optimization and refer our method as ListReg. Experimental results show that ListReg significantly outperforms pointwise Regression and the state-of-the-art listwise method in most cases.	Learning to rank using query-level regression	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiangru Chen:Haofen Wang:Xinruo Sun:Junfeng Pan:Yong Yu	In recent years, online shopping is becoming more and more popular. Users type keyword queries on product search systems to find relevant products, accessories, and even related products. However, existing product search systems always return very similar products on the first several pages instead of taking diversity into consideration. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to address the diversity issue in the context of product search. We transform search result diversification into a combination of diversifying product categories and diversifying product attribute values within each category. The two sub-problems are optimization problems which can be reduced into well-known NP-hard problems respectively. We further leverage greedy-based approximation algorithms for efficient product search results re-ranking.	Diversifying product search results	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Trotman:David Keeler	Ranking function performance reached a plateau in 1994. The reason for this is investigated. First the performance of BM25 is measured as the proportion of queries satisfied on the first page of 10 results -- it performs well. The performance is then compared to human performance. They perform comparably. The conclusion is there isn't much room for ranking function improvement.	Ad hoc IR: not much room for improvement	NA:NA	2018
Zijia Lin:Guiguang Ding:Jianmin Wang	In this paper, a novel approach based on recommendation model is proposed for automatic image annotation. For any to-be-annotated image, we first select some related images with tags from training dataset according to their visual similarity. And then we estimate the initial ratings for tags of the training images based on tag ranking method and construct a rating matrix. We also construct a trust matrix based on visual similarity with a k-NN strategy. Then a recommendation model is built on both matrices to rank candidate tags for the target image. The proposed approach is evaluated using two benchmark image datasets, and experimental results have indicated its effectiveness.	Image annotation based on recommendation model	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eyal Krikon:Oren Kurland	Using relevance feedback can significantly improve (ad hoc) retrieval effectiveness. Yet, if little feedback is available, effectively exploiting it is a challenge. To that end, we present a novel approach that utilizes document passages. Empirical evaluation demonstrates the merits of the approach.	Utilizing minimal relevance feedback for ad hoc retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Christina Lioma:Alok Kothari:Hinrich Schuetze	Information Retrieval in technical domains like physics is characterised by long and precise queries, whose meaning is strongly influenced by term context and domain. We treat this as a disambiguation problem, and present initial findings of a retrieval model that posits a higher probability of relevance for documents matching disambiguated query terms. Preliminary evaluation on a real-life physics test collection shows promising performance improvement.	Sense discrimination for physics retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuanhua Lv:ChengXiang Zhai	We reveal that the Okapi BM25 retrieval function tends to overly penalize very long documents. To address this problem, we present a simple yet effective extension of BM25, namely BM25L, which "shifts" the term frequency normalization formula to boost scores of very long documents. Our experiments show that BM25L, with the same computation cost, is more effective and robust than the standard BM25.	When documents are very long, BM25 fails!	NA:NA	2018
Elad Yom-Tov:Fernando Diaz	People nowadays can obtain information on current news events through media outlets, social media, and by actively seeking information using search engines. In this paper we investigate the temporal relationship between news coverage by media outlets, social media, and query logs and show that social media frequently precedes other information sources. Additionally, we demonstrate that there is strong negative correlation between the probability for reporting of an event and the distance of the information source from the event.	Location and timeliness of information sources during news events	NA:NA	2018
Paul Thomas:Timothy Jones:David Hawking	Deliberate degradation of search results is a common tool in user experiments. We degrade high-quality search results by inserting non-relevant documents at different ranks. The effect of these manipulations, on a number of commonly-used metrics, is counter-intuitive: the discount functions implicit in [email protected], MRR, NDCG, and others do not account for the true relationship between rank and value to the user. We propose an alternative, based on visibility data.	What deliberately degrading search quality tells us about discount functions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongbo Deng:Bo Zhao:Jiawei Han	In this paper, we propose a joint probabilistic topic model for simultaneously modeling the contents of multi-typed objects of a heterogeneous information network. The intuition behind our model is that different objects of the heterogeneous network share a common set of latent topics so as to adjust the multinomial distributions over topics for different objects collectively. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach for the tasks of topic modeling and object clustering.	Collective topic modeling for heterogeneous networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xueming Qian:Xian-Sheng Hua	In this paper, a graph cut based tag enrichment approach is proposed. We build a graph for each image with its initial tags. The graph is with two terminals. Nodes of the graph are full connected with each other. Min-cut/max-flow algorithm is utilized to find the relevant tags for the image. Experiments on Flickr dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed graph-cut based tag enrichment approach.	Graph-cut based tag enrichment	NA:NA	2018
Mohamed Reda Bouadjenek:Hakim Hacid:Mokrane Bouzeghoub:Johann Daigremont	We propose a new approach for social and personalized query expansion using social structures in the Web 2.0. While focusing on social tagging systems, the proposed approach considers (i) the semantic similarity between tags composing a query, (ii) a social proximity between the query and the user profile, and (iii) on the fly, a strategy for expanding user queries. The proposed approach has been evaluated using a large dataset crawled from del.icio.us.	Personalized social query expansion using social bookmarking systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tatiana Gossen:Thomas Low:Andreas Nürnberger	We present first results of a logfile analysis on web search engines for children. The aim of this research is to analyse fundamental facts about how children's web search behaviour differs from that of adults. We show differences to previous results, which are often based on small lab experiments. Our large-scale analysis suggests that children search queries are more information-oriented and shorter on average. Children indeed make a lot of spelling errors and often repeat searches and revisit web pages.	What are the real differences of children's and adults' web search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jia Tina Du	This paper investigates how users cognitively coordinate multitasking Web search across different information search problems. The analysis suggests that (1) multitasking is a prevalent Web search behavior including both sequential multitasking (31%) and parallel multitasking (69%); (2) multitasking is performed through a task switching process; and (3) such a process is supported and underpinned by cognitive coordination mechanisms and strategy coordination.	Cognitive coordinating behaviors in multitasking web search	NA	2018
Hao Li:Meng Wang:Zhisheng Li:Zheng-Jun Zha:Jialie Shen	In this poster, we introduce a web image search reranking approach with exploring multiple modalities. Diff erent from the conventional methods that build graph with one feature set for reranking, our approach integrates multiple feature sets that describe visual content from different aspects. We simultaneously integrate the learning of relevance scores, the weighting of different feature sets, the distance metric and the scaling for each feature set into a unified scheme. Experimental results on a large data set that contains more than 1,100 queries and 1 million images demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.	Optimizing multimodal reranking for web image search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wen-Yu Lee:Liang-Chi Hsieh:Guan-Long Wu:Winston Hsu:Ya-Fan Su	Semi-supervised learning is to exploit the vast amount of unlabeled data in the world. This paper proposes a scalable graph-based technique leveraging the distributed computing power of the MapReduce programming model. For a higher quality of learning, the paper also presents a multi-layer learning structure to unify both visual and textual information of image data during the learning process. Experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed methods.	Multi-layer graph-based semi-supervised learning for large-scale image datasets using mapreduce	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mathieu Blondel:Kazuhiro Seki:Kuniaki Uehara	In recent years, a number of machine learning approaches to literature-based gene function annotation have been proposed. However, due to issues such as lack of labeled data, class imbalance and computational cost, they have usually been unable to surpass simpler approaches based on string-matching. In this paper, we propose a principled machine learning approach based on kernel classifiers. We show that kernels can address the task's inherent data scarcity by embedding additional knowledge and we propose a simple yet effective solution to deal with class imbalance. From experiments on the TREC Genomics Track data, our approach achieves better F1-score than two state-of-the-art approaches based on string-matching and cross-species information.	Tackling class imbalance and data scarcity in literature-based gene function annotation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Valentin Jijkoun:Maarten de Rijke	We describe a method for automatically generating subjectivity clues for a specific topic and a set of (relevant) document, evaluating it on the task of classifying sentences w.r.t. subjectivity, with improvements over previous work.	Bootstrapping subjectivity detection	NA:NA	2018
Edith Law:Paul N. Bennett:Eric Horvitz	The emergence of human computation systems, including Mechanical Turk and games with a purpose, has made it feasible to distribute relevance judgment tasks to workers over the Web. Most human computation systems assign tasks to individuals randomly, and such assignments may match workers with tasks that they may be unqualified or unmotivated to perform. We compare two groups of workers, those given a choice of queries to judge versus those who are not, in terms of their self-rated competence and their actual performance. Results show that when given a choice of task, workers choose ones for which they have greater expertise, interests, confidence, and understanding.	The effects of choice in routing relevance judgments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Guang-Gang Geng:Xiao-Dong Li:Li-Ming Wang:Wei Wang:Shuo Shen	Web content quality assessment is a typical static ranking problem. Heuristic content and TFIDF features based statistical systems have proven effective for Web content quality assessment. But they are all language dependent features, which are not suitable for cross-language ranking. In this paper, we fuse a series of language-independent features including hostname features, domain registration features, two-layer hyperlink analysis features and third-party Web service features to assess the Web content quality. The experiments on ECML/PKDD 2010 Discovery Challenge cross-language datasets show that the assessment is effective.	Statistical feature extraction for cross-language web content quality assessment	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Cheng-Te Li:Shou-De Lin:Man-Kwan Shan	Social networking services possess two features: (1) capturing the social relationships among people, represented by the social network, and (2) allowing users to express their preferences on different kinds of items (e.g. photo, celebrity, pages) through endorsing buttons, represented by a kind of endorsement bipartite graph. In this work, using such information, we propose a novel recommendation method, which leverages the viral marketing in the social network and the wisdom of crowds from endorsement network. Our recommendation consists of two parts. First, given some query terms describing user's preference, we find a set of targeted influencers who have the maximum activation probability on those nodes related to the query terms in the social network. Second, based on the derived targeted influencers as key experts, we recommend items via the endorsement network. We conduct the experiments on DBLP co-authorship social network with author-reference data as the endorsement network. The results show our method can achieve effective recommendations.	Exploiting endorsement information and social influence for item recommendation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaobing Xue:W. Bruce Croft	Improving verbose (or long) queries poses a new challenge for search systems. Previous techniques mainly focused on two aspects, weighting the important words or phrases and selecting the best subset query. The former does not consider how words and phrases are used in actual subset queries, while the latter ignores alternative subset queries. Recently, a novel reformulation framework has been proposed to transform the original query as a distribution of reformulated queries, which overcomes the disadvantages of previous techniques. In this paper, we apply this framework to verbose queries, where a reformulated query is specified as a subset query. Experiments on TREC collections show that the query distribution based framework outperforms the state-of-the-art techniques.	Modeling subset distributions for verbose queries	NA:NA	2018
Sarvnaz Karimi:Falk Scholer:Adam Clark:Sadegh Kharazmi	Users of information retrieval systems employ a variety of strategies when searching for information. One factor that can directly influence how searchers go about their information finding task is the level of familiarity with a search topic. We investigate how the search behavior of domain experts changes based on their previous level of familiarity with a search topic, reporting on a user study of biomedical experts searching for a range of domain-specific material. The results of our study show that topic familiarity can influence the number of queries that are employed to complete a task, the types of queries that are entered, and the overall number of query terms. Our findings suggest that biomedical search systems should enable searching through a variety of querying modes, to support the different search strategies that users were found to employ depending on their familiarity with the information that they are searching for.	Domain expert topic familiarity and search behavior	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christopher Hoobin:Simon Puglisi:Justin Zobel	Compression of large text corpora has the potential to drastically reduce both storage requirements and per-document access costs. Adaptive methods used for general-purpose compression are ineffective for this application, and historically the most successful methods have been based on word-based dictionaries, which allow use of global properties of the text. However, these are dependent on the text complying with assumptions about content and lead to dictionaries of unpredictable size. In recent work we have described an LZ-like approach in which sampled blocks of a corpus are used as a dictionary against which the complete corpus is compressed, giving compression twice as effective than that of zlib. Here we explore how pre-processing can be used to eliminate redundancy in our sampled dictionary. Our experiments show that dictionary size can be reduced by 50% or more (less than 0.1% of the collection size) with no significant effect on compression or access speed.	Sample selection for dictionary-based corpus compression	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bevan Koopman:Peter Bruza:Laurianne Sitbon:Michael Lawley	This paper presents a framework for evaluating information retrieval of medical records. We use the BLULab corpus, a large collection of real-world de-identified medical records. The collection has been hand coded by clinical terminologists using the ICD-9 medical classification system. The ICD codes are used to devise queries and relevance judgements for this collection. Results of initial test runs using a baseline IR system show that there is room for improvement in medical information retrieval. Queries and relevance judgements are made available at http://aehrc.com/med_eval	Evaluating medical information retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yen-Ta Huang:An-Jung Cheng:Liang-Chi Hsieh:Winston Hsu:Kuo-Wei Chang	We propose a novel model for landmark discovery that locates region-based landmarks on map in contrast to the traditional point-based landmarks. The proposed method preserves more information and automatically identifies candidate regions on map by crowdsourcing geo-referenced photos. Gaussian kernel convolution is applied to remove noises and generate detected region. We adopt F1 measure to evaluate discovered landmarks and manually check the association between tags and regions. The experiment results show that more than 90% of attractions in the selected city can be correctly located by this method.	Region-based landmark discovery by crowdsourcing geo-referenced photos	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xinruo Sun:Haofen Wang:Yong Yu	Recently, more and more short texts (e.g., ads, tweets) appear on the Web. Classifying short texts into a large taxonomy like ODP or Wikipedia category system has become an important mining task to improve the performance of many applications such as contextual advertising and topic detection for micro-blogging. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-stage classification approach to solve the problem. First, explicit semantic analysis is used to add more features for both short texts and categories. Second, we leverage information retrieval technologies to fetch the most relevant categories for an input short text from thousands of candidates. Finally, a SVM classifier is applied on only a few selected categories to return the final answer. Our experimental results show that the proposed method achieved significant improvements on classification accuracy compared with several existing state of art approaches.	Towards effective short text deep classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yu Wang:Eugene Agichtein	Latent semantic analysis (LSA) has been intensively studied because of its wide application to Information Retrieval and Natural Language Processing. Yet, traditional models such as LSA only examine one (current) version of the document. However, due to the recent proliferation of collaboratively generated content such as threads in online forums, Collaborative Question Answering archives, Wikipedia, and other versioned content, the document generation process is now directly observable. In this study, we explore how this additional temporal information about the document evolution could be used to enhance the identification of latent document topics. Specifically, we propose a novel hidden-topic modeling algorithm, temporal Latent Semantic Analysis (tLSA), which elegantly extends LSA to modeling document revision history using tensor decomposition. Our experiments show that tLSA outperforms LSA on word relatedness estimation using benchmark data, and explore applications of tLSA for other tasks.	Temporal latent semantic analysis for collaboratively generated content: preliminary results	NA:NA	2018
Alejandro Bellogin:Pablo Castells:Ivan Cantador	Ensemble recommender systems successfully enhance recom-mendation accuracy by exploiting different sources of user prefe-rences, such as ratings and social contacts. In linear ensembles, the optimal weight of each recommender strategy is commonly tuned empirically, with limited guarantee that such weights are optimal afterwards. We propose a self-adjusting hybrid recommendation approach that alleviates the social cold start situation by weighting the recommender combination dynamically at recommendation time, based on social network analysis algorithms. We show empirical results where our approach outperforms the best static combination for different hybrid recommenders.	Self-adjusting hybrid recommenders based on social network analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sang-Wook Kim:Christos Faloutsos:Jiwoon Ha	A blog service company provides a function named BlogCast that exposes quality posts on the blog main page to vitalize a blogosphere. This paper analyzes a new type of information diffusion via BlogCast. We show that there exists a strong halo effect in a blogosphere via thorough investigation on a huge volume of blog data.	BlogCast effect on information diffusion in a blogosphere	NA:NA:NA	2018
Si Li:Zheng-Jun Zha:Zhaoyan Ming:Meng Wang:Tat-Seng Chua:Jun Guo:Weiran Xu	This paper proposes a novel Product Comparison approach. The comparative relations between products are first mined from both user reviews on multiple review websites and community-based question answering pairs containing product comparison information. A unified graph model is then developed to integrate the resultant comparative relations for product comparison. Experiments on popular electronic products show that the proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.	Product comparison using comparative relations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lung-Hao Lee:Hsin-Hsi Chen	This paper presents a user intent method to generate blacklists for collaborative cyberporn filtering. A novel porn detection framework that finds new pornographic web pages by mining user search behaviors is proposed. It employs users' clicks in search query logs to select the suspected web pages without extra human efforts to label data for training, and determines their categories with the help of URL host name and path information, but without web page content. We adopt an MSN porn data set to explore the effectiveness of our method. This user intent approach achieves high precision, while maintaining favorably low false positive rate. In addition, real-life filtering simulation reveals that our user intent method with its accumulative update strategy achieves 43.36% of blocking rate, while maintaining a steadily less than 7% of over-blocking rate.	Collaborative cyberporn filtering with collective intelligence	NA:NA	2018
Stéphane Clinchant:Eric Gaussier	NA	Do IR models satisfy the TDC retrieval constraint	NA:NA	2018
David Vallet:Pablo Castells	Diversification and personalization methods are common ap-proaches to deal with the one-size-fits-all paradigm of Web search engines. We performed a user study with 190 subjects where we analyzed the effects of diversification and personalization methods in a Web search engine. The obtained results suggest that our proposed combination of diversification and personalization factors may be a way to overcome the notion of intrusiveness in personalized approaches.	On diversifying and personalizing web search	NA:NA	2018
Chenliang Li:Anwitaman Datta:Aixin Sun	The common tags given by multiple users to a particular document are often semantically relevant to the document and each tag represents a specific topic. In this paper, we attempt to emulate human tagging behavior to recommend tags by considering the concepts contained in documents. Specifically, we represent each document using a few most relevant concepts contained in the document, where the concept space is derived from Wikipedia. Tags are then recommended based on the tag concept model derived from the annotated documents of each tag. Evaluated on a Delicious dataset of more than 53K documents, the proposed technique achieved comparable tag recommendation accuracy as the state-of-the-art, while yielding an order of magnitude speed-up.	Semantic tag recommendation using concept model	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jie Tang:Ryen W. White:Peter Bailey	When searching for entities with a strong local character (e.g., a museum), people may also be interested in discovering proximal activity-related entities (e.g., a café). Geographical proximity is a necessary, but not sufficient, qualifier for recommending other entities such that they are related in a useful manner (e.g., interest in a fish market does not imply interest in nearby bookshops, but interest in other produce stores is more likely). We describe and evaluate methods to identify such activity-related local entities.	Recommending interesting activity-related local entities	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nima Asadi:Donald Metzler:Jimmy Lin	NA	Cross-corpus relevance projection	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhu Zhu:Lidan Shou:Kuang Mao:Gang Chen	In this poster, we address the problem of location disambiguation for geotagged Web photo resources. We propose an approach for analyzing and partitioning large geotagged photo collections using geographic and semantic information. By organizing the dataset in a structural scheme, we resolve the location ambiguity and clutter problem yield by massive volume of geotagged photos.	Location disambiguation for geo-tagged images	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Benjamin Martin:Pierre Hanna:Matthias Robine:Pascal Ferraro	Computations in most music retrieval systems strongly depend on the size of data compared. We propose to enhance performances of a music retrieval system, namely a harmonic similarity evaluation method, by first indexing relevant parts of music pieces. The indexing algorithm represents each audio piece exclusively by its major repetition, using harmonic descriptions and string matching techniques. Evaluations are performed in the context of a state-of-the-art retrieval method, namely cover songs identification, and results highlight the success of our indexing system in keeping similar results while yielding a substantial gain in computation time.	Towards an indexing method to speed-up music retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Johannes Leveling:Walid Magdy:Gareth J.F. Jones	Decompounding has been found to improve information retrieval (IR) effectiveness in general domains for languages such as German or Dutch. We investigate if cross-language patent retrieval can profit from decompounding. This poses two challenges: i) There may be few resources such as parallel corpora available for training an machine translation system for a compounding language. ii) Patents have a specific writing style and vocabulary ("patentese"), which may affect the performance of decompounding and translation methods. Experiments on data from the CLEF-IP 2010 task show that decompounding patents for translation can overcome out-of-vocabulary problems (OOV) and that decompounding improves IR performance significantly for small training corpora.	An investigation of decompounding for cross-language patent search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Milad Shokouhi	Seasonal events such as Halloween and Christmas repeat every year and initiate several temporal information needs. The impact of such events on users is often reflected in search logs in form of seasonal spikes in the frequency of related queries (e.g. "halloween costumes", "where is santa"). Many seasonal queries such as "sigir conference" mainly target fresh pages (e.g. sigir2011.org) that have less usage data such as clicks and anchor-text compared to older alternatives (e.g.sigir2009.org). Thus, it is important for search engines to correctly identify seasonal queries and make sure that their results are temporally reordered if necessary. In this poster, we focus on detecting seasonal queries using time-series analysis. We demonstrate that the seasonality of a query can be determined with high accuracy according to its historical frequency distribution.	Detecting seasonal queries by time-series analysis	NA	2018
Christian Pölitz:Ralf Schenkel	This paper investigates the influence of pruning feature lists to keep a given budget for the evaluation of ranking methods. We learn from a given training set how important the individual prefixes are for the ranking quality. Based on there importance we choose the best prefixes to calculate the ranking while keeping the budget.	Learning to rank under tight budget constraints	NA:NA	2018
Andreas Broschart:Ralf Schenkel	Query processing with precomputed term pair lists can improve efficiency for some queries, but suffers from the quadratic number of index lists that need to be read. We present a novel hybrid index structure that aims at decreasing the number of index lists retrieved at query processing time, trading off a reduced number of index lists for an increased number of bytes to read. Our experiments demonstrate significant cold-cache performance gains of almost 25% on standard benchmark queries.	A novel hybrid index structure for efficient text retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Chuan He:Dzung Hong:Luo Si	Result merging is an important step in federated search to merge the documents returned from multiple source-specific ranked lists for a user query. Previous result merging methods such as Semi-Supervised Learning (SSL) and Sample- Agglomerate Fitting Estimate (SAFE) use regression methods to estimate global document scores from document ranks in individual ranked lists. SSL relies on overlapping documents that exist in both individual ranked lists and a centralized sample database. SAFE goes a step further by using both overlapping documents with accurate rank information and documents with estimated rank information for regression. However, existing methods do not distinguish the accurate rank information from the estimated information. Furthermore, all documents are assigned equal weights in regression while intuitively, documents in the top should carry higher weights. This paper proposes a weighted curve fitting method for result merging in federated search. The new method explicitly models the importance of information from overlapping documents over non-overlapping ones. It also weights documents at different positions differently. Empirically results on two datasets clearly demonstrate the advantage of the proposed algorithm.	A weighted curve fitting method for result merging in federated search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nicola Tonellotto:Craig Macdonald:Iadh Ounis	Document-at-a-time (DAAT) dynamic pruning strategies for information retrieval systems such as MaxScore and Wand can increase querying efficiency without decreasing effectiveness. Both work on posting lists sorted by ascending document identifier (docid). The order in which docids are assigned -- and hence the order of postings in the posting lists -- is known to have a noticeable impact on posting list compression. However, the resulting impact on dynamic pruning strategies is not well understood. In this poster, we examine the impact on the efficiency of these strategies across different docid orderings, by experimenting using the TREC ClueWeb09 corpus. We find that while the number of postings scored by dynamic pruning strategies do not markedly vary for different docid orderings, the ordering still has a marked impact on mean query response time. Moreover, when docids are assigned by lexicographical URL ordering, the benefit to response time for is more pronounced for Wand than for MaxScore.	Effect of different docid orderings on dynamic pruning retrieval strategies	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nattiya Kanhabua:Kjetil Nørvåg	Query performance prediction is aimed at predicting the retrieval effectiveness that a query will achieve with respect to a particular ranking model. In this paper, we study query performance prediction for a ranking model that explicitly incorporates the time dimension into ranking. Different time-based predictors are proposed as analogous to existing keyword-based predictors. In order to improve predicting performance, we combine different predictors using linear regression and neural networks. Extensive experiments are conducted using queries and relevance judgments obtained by crowdsourcing.	Time-based query performance predictors	NA:NA	2018
Jingjing Liu:Nicholas J. Belkin	We report findings on how the user's perception of task difficulty changes before and after searching for information to solve tasks. We found that while in one type of task, the dependent task, this did not change, in another, the parallel task, it did. The findings have implications on designing systems that can provide assistance to users with their search and task solving strategies.	Search task difficulty: the expected vs. the reflected	NA:NA	2018
Rodrygo L.T. Santos:Craig Macdonald:Iadh Ounis	An optimally diverse ranking should achieve the maximum coverage of the aspects underlying an ambiguous or underspecified query, with minimum redundancy with respect to the covered aspects. Although evaluation metrics that reward coverage and penalise redundancy provide intuitive objective functions for learning a diverse ranking, it is unclear whether they are the most effective. In this paper, we contrast the suitability of relevance and diversity metrics as objective functions for learning a diverse ranking. Our results in the context of the diversity task of the TREC 2009 and 2010 Web tracks show that diversity metrics are not necessarily better suited for guiding a learning approach. Moreover, the suitability of these metrics is compromised as they try to penalise redundancy during the learning process.	On the suitability of diversity metrics for learning-to-rank for diversity	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rodrygo L.T. Santos:Craig Macdonald:Iadh Ounis	Search result diversification has recently gained attention as a means to tackle ambiguous queries. While query ambiguity is of particular concern for the short queries commonly observed in a Web search scenario, it is unclear how much diversity is actually promoted by Web search engines (WSEs). In this paper, we assess the diversification performance of two leading WSEs in the context of the diversity task of the TREC 2009 and 2010 Web tracks. Our results show that these WSEs perform effectively for queries with multiple interpretations, but not for those open to multiple aspects related to a single interpretation. Moreover, by deploying a state-of-the-art diversification approach based on query suggestions from these WSEs themselves, we show that their diversification performance can be further improved.	How diverse are web search results?	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi Fang:Naveen Somasundaram:Luo Si:Jeongwoo Ko:Aditya P. Mathur	Expert search has made rapid progress in modeling, algorithms and evaluations in the recent years. However, there is very few work on analyzing how users interact with expert search systems. In this paper, we conduct analysis of an expert search query log. The aim is to understand the special characteristics of expert search usage. To the best of our knowledge, this is one of the earliest work on expert search query log analysis. We find that expert search users generally issue shorter queries, more common queries, and use more advanced search features, with fewer queries in a session, than general Web search users do. This study explores a new research direction in expert search by analyzing and exploiting query logs.	Analysis of an expert search query log	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Elena Smirnova	Expert finding is a task of finding knowledgeable people on a given topic. State-of-the-art expertise retrieval algorithms identify matching experts based on analysis of textual content of documents experts are associated with. While powerful, these models ignore social structure that might be available. In this paper, we develop a Bayesian hierarchical model for expert finding that accounts for both social relationships and content. The model assumes that social links are determined by expertise similarity between candidates. We demonstrate the improved retrieval performance of our model over the baseline on a realistic data set.	A model for expert finding in social networks	NA	2018
Massih-Reza Amini:Nicolas Usunier	We propose a new method for query-biased multi-document summarization, based on sentence extraction. The summary of multiple documents is created in two steps. Sentences are first clustered; where each cluster corresponds to one of the main themes present in the collection. Inside each theme, sentences are then ranked using a transductive learning-to-rank algorithm based on RankNet, in order to better identify those which are relevant to the query. The final summary contains the top-ranked sentences of each theme. Our approach is validated on DUC 2006 and DUC 2007 datasets.	Transductive learning over automatically detected themes for multi-document summarization	NA:NA	2018
Shu Wu:Shengrui Wang	The collaborative filtering (CF) approach to recommender system has received much attention recently. However, previous work mainly focuses on improving the formula of rating prediction, e.g. by adding user and item biases, implicit feedback and time-aware factors, etc, to reach a better prediction by minimizing an objective function. However, little effort has been made on improving CF by incorporating additional regularization to the objective function. Regularization can further bound the searching range of predicted ratings. In this paper, we improve the conventional rating-based objective function by using ranking constraints as the supplementary regularization to restrict the searching of predicted ratings in smaller and more likely ranges, and develop a novel method, called RankSVD++, based on the SVD++ model. Experimental results show that RankSVD++ achieves better performance than existing main-streaming methods due to the addition of informative ranking-based regularization. The idea proposed here can also be easily incorporated to the other CF models.	Rating-based collaborative filtering combined with additional regularization	NA:NA	2018
Lei Wang:Dawei Song:Eyad Elyan	The "Bag of Visual Words" (BoW) framework has been widely used in query-by-example video retrieval to model the visual content by a set of quantized local feature descriptors. In this paper, we propose a novel technique to enhance BoW by the selection of Word-of-Interest (WoI) that utilizes the quantified temporal motion coherence of the visual words between the adjacent frames in the query example. Experiments carried out using TRECVID datasets show that our technique improves the retrieval performance of the classical BoW-based approach.	Words-of-interest selection based on temporal motion coherence for video retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shima Gerani:Mostafa Keikha:Fabio Crestani	Blog post opinion retrieval is the problem of ranking blog posts according to the likelihood that the post is relevant to the query and that the author was expressing an opinion about the topic (of the query). A recent study has proposed a method for finding the opinion density at query term positions in a document which uses the proximity of query term and opinion term as an indicator of their relatedness. The maximum opinion density between different query positions was used as an opinion score of the whole document. In this paper we investigate the effect of exploiting multiple opinion evidence of a document. We propose using the ordered weighted averaging (OWA) operator in order to combine the opinion score of different query positions for a final score of a document, in the proximity-based opinion retrieval system.	Aggregating multiple opinion evidence in proximity-based opinion retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yoshiyuki Inagaki:Jiang Bian:Yi Chang:Motoko Maki	Mobile search is still in infancy compared with general purpose web search. With limited training data and weak relevance features, the ranking performance in mobile search is far from satisfactory. To address this problem, we propose to leverage the knowledge of Web search to enhance the ranking of mobile search. In this paper, we first develop an equivalent page conversion between web search and mobile search, then we design a few novel ranking features, generated from the click-through data in web search, for estimating the relevance of mobile search. Large scale evaluations demonstrate that the knowledge from web search is quite effective for boosting the relevance of ranking on mobile search.	Enhancing mobile search using web search log data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zaihan Yang:Dawei Yin:Brian D. Davison	Each year many ACM SIG communities will recognize an outstanding researcher through an award in honor of his or her profound impact and numerous research contributions. This work is the first to investigate an automated mechanism to help in selecting future award winners. We approach the problem as a researchers' expertise ranking problem, and propose a temporal probabilistic ranking model which combines content with citation network analysis. Experimental results based on real-world citation data and historical awardees indicate that some kinds of SIG awards are well-modeled by this approach.	Award prediction with temporal citation network analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Masanao Ochi:Makoto Okabe:Rikio Onai	We developed a simple method of improving the accuracy of rating prediction using feature words extracted from customer reviews. Many rating predictors work well for a small and dense dataset of customer reviews. However, a practical dataset tends to be large and sparse, because it often includes too many products for each customer to buy and evaluate. Data sparseness reduces prediction accuracy. To improve accuracy, we reduced the dimension of the feature vector using feature words extracted by analyzing the relationship between ratings and accompanying review comments instead of using ratings. We applied our method to the Pranking algorithm and evaluated it on a corpus of golf course reviews supplied by a Japanese e-commerce company. We found that by successfully reducing data sparseness, our method improves prediction accuracy as measured using RankLoss.	Rating prediction using feature words extracted from customer reviews	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dimitrios Skoutas:Mohammad Alrifai	We examine different tag ranking strategies for constructing tag clouds to represent collections of tagged objects. The proposed methods are based on random walk on graphs, diversification, and rank aggregation, and they are empirically evaluated on a data set of tagged images from Flickr.	Ranking tags in resource collections	NA:NA	2018
Suleyman Cetintas:Monica Rogati:Luo Si:Yi Fang	Identifying similar professionals is an important task for many core services in professional social networks. Information about users can be obtained from heterogeneous information sources, and different sources provide different insights on user similarity. This paper proposes a discriminative probabilistic model that identifies latent content and graph classes for people with similar profile content and social graph similarity patterns, and learns a specialized similarity model for each latent class. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work on identifying similar professionals in professional social networks, and the first work that identifies latent classes to learn a separate similarity model for each latent class. Experiments on a real-world dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed discriminative learning model.	Identifying similar people in professional social networks with discriminative probabilistic models	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Saul Vargas:Pablo Castells:David Vallet	Diversity as a relevant dimension of retrieval quality is receiving increasing attention in the Information Retrieval and Recommender Systems (RS) fields. The problem has nonetheless been approached under different views and formulations in IR and RS respectively, giving rise to different models, methodologies, and metrics, with little convergence between both fields. In this poster we explore the adaptation of diversity metrics, techniques, and principles from ad-hoc IR to the recommendation task, by introducing the notion of user profile aspect as an analogue of query intent. As a particular approach, user aspects are automatically extracted from latent item features. Empirical results support the proposed approach and provide further insights.	Intent-oriented diversity in recommender systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nut Limsopatham:Rodrygo L.T. Santos:Craig Macdonald:Iadh Ounis	Expanding a query with acronyms or their corresponding 'long-forms' has not been shown to provide consistent improvements in the biomedical IR literature. The major open issue with expanding acronyms in a query is their inherent ambiguity, as an acronym can refer to multiple long-forms. At the same time, a long-form identified in a query can be expanded with its acronym(s); however, some of these may be also ambiguous and lead to poor retrieval performance. In this work, we propose the use of the EMIM (Expected Mutual Information Measure) between a long-form and its abbreviated acronym to measure ambiguity. We experiment with expanding both acronyms and long-forms identified in the queries from the adhoc task of the TREC 2004 Genomics track. Our preliminary analysis shows the potential of both acronym and long-form expansions for biomedical IR.	Disambiguating biomedical acronyms using EMIM	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hungyu Henry Lin:Yi Zhang:James Davis	This poster describes an alternative approach to handling the best document selection problem. Best document selection is a common problem with many real world applications, but is not a well studied problem by itself; a simple solution would be to treat it as a ranking problem and to use existing ranking algorithms to rank all documents. We could then select only the first element of the sorted list. However, because ranking models optimize for all ranks, the model may sacrifice accuracy of the top rank for the sake of overall accuracy. This is an unnecessary trade-off. We begin by first defining an appropriate objective function for the domain, then create a boosting algorithm that explicitly targets this function. Based on experiments on a benchmark retrieval data set and Digg.com news commenting data set, we find that even a simple algorithm built for this specific problem gives better results than baseline algorithms that were designed for the more complicated ranking tasks.	Best document selection based on approximate utility optimization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Suleyman Cetintas:Datong Chen:Luo Si:Bin Shen:Zhanibek Datbayev	Display advertising is a multi-billion dollar industry where advertisers promote their products to users by having publishers display their advertisements on popular Web pages. An important problem in online advertising is how to forecast the number of user visits for a Web page during a particular period of time. Prior research addressed the problem by using traditional time-series forecasting techniques on historical data of user visits; (e.g., via a single regression model built for forecasting based on historical data for all Web pages) and did not fully explore the fact that different types of Web pages have different patterns of user visits. In this paper we propose a probabilistic latent class model to automatically learn the underlying user visit patterns among multiple Web pages. Experiments carried out on real-world data demonstrate the advantage of using latent classes in forecasting online user visits.	Forecasting counts of user visits for online display advertising with probabilistic latent class models	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael J. Cole:Xiangmin Zhang:Chang Liu:Nicholas J. Belkin:Jacek Gwizdka	Click through events in search results pages (SERPs) are not reliable implicit indicators of document relevance. A user's task and domain knowledge are key factors in recognition and link selection and the most useful SERP document links may be those that best match the user's domain knowledge. User study participants rated their knowledge of genomics MeSH terms before conducting 2004 TREC Genomics Track tasks. Each participant's document knowledge was represented by their knowledge of the indexing MeSH terms. Results show high, intermediate, and low domain knowledge groups had similar document selection SERP rank distributions. SERP link selection distribution varied when participant knowledge of the available documents was analyzed. High domain knowledge participants usually selected a document with the highest personal knowledge rating. Low domain knowledge participants were reasonably successful at selecting available documents of which they had the most knowledge, while intermediate knowledge participants often failed to do so. This evidence for knowledge effects on SERP link selection may contribute to understanding the potential for personalization of search results ranking based on user domain knowledge.	Knowledge effects on document selection in search results pages	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Abhimanu Kumar:Matthew Lease	We study how to best use crowdsourced relevance judgments learning to rank [1, 7]. We integrate two lines of prior work: unreliable crowd-based binary annotation for binary classification [5, 3], and aggregating graded relevance judgments from reliable experts for ranking [7]. To model varying performance of the crowd, we simulate annotation noise with varying magnitude and distributional properties. Evaluation on three LETOR test collections reveals a striking trend contrary to prior studies: single labeling outperforms consensus methods in maximizing learner accuracy relative to annotator eýort. We also see surprising consistency of the learning curve across noise distributions, as well as greater challenge with the adversarial case for multi-class labeling.	Learning to rank from a noisy crowd	NA:NA	2018
Dell Zhang:Robert Mao:Haitao Li:Joanne Mao	It is a common practice among Web 2.0 services to allow users to rate items on their sites. In this paper, we first point out the flaws of the popular methods for user-rating based ranking of items, and then argue that two well-known Information Retrieval (IR) techniques, namely the Probability Ranking Principle and Statistical Language Modelling, provide a simple but effective solution to this problem.	How to count thumb-ups and thumb-downs?: an information retrieval approach to user-rating based ranking of items	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiangmin Zhang:Michael Cole:Nicholas Belkin	This study uses regression modeling to predict a user's domain knowledge level (DK) from implicit evidence provided by certain search behaviors. A user study (n=35) with recall-oriented search tasks in the genomic domain was conducted. A number of regression models of a person's DK, were generated using different behavior variable selection methods. The best model highlights three behavior variables as DK predictors: the number of documents saved, the average query length, and the average ranking position of documents opened. The model is validated using the split sampling method. Limitations and future research directions are discussed.	Predicting users' domain knowledge from search behaviors	NA:NA:NA	2018
Guido Zuccon:Leif Azzopardi:C.J. "Keith" van Rijsbergen	The assumptions underlying the Probability Ranking Principle (PRP) have led to a number of alternative approaches that cater or compensate for the PRP's limitations. In this poster we focus on the Interactive PRP (iPRP), which rejects the assumption of independence between documents made by the PRP. Although the theoretical framework of the iPRP is appealing, no instantiation has been proposed and investigated. In this poster, we propose a possible instantiation of the principle, performing the first empirical comparison of the iPRP against the PRP. For document diversification, our results show that the iPRP is significantly better than the PRP, and comparable to or better than other methods such as Modern Portfolio Theory.	The interactive PRP for diversifying document rankings	NA:NA:NA	2018
Qi Guo:Shuai Yuan:Eugene Agichtein	Predicting searcher success and satisfaction is a key problem in Web search, which is essential for automatic evaluating and improving search engine performance. This problem has been studied actively in the desktop search setting, but not specifically for mobile search, despite many known differences between the two modalities. As mobile devices become increasingly popular for searching the Web, improving the searcher experience on such devices is becoming crucially important. In this paper, we explore the possibility of predicting searcher success and satisfaction in mobile search with a smart phone. Specifically, we investigate client-side interaction signals, including the number of browsed pages, and touch screen-specific actions such as zooming and sliding. Exploiting this information with machine learning techniques results in nearly 80% accuracy for predicting searcher success -- significantly outperforming the previous models.	Detecting success in mobile search from interaction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark D. Smucker:Chandra Prakash Jethani	In many situations, humans judging document relevance are forced to trade-off accuracy for speed. The development of better interactive retrieval systems and relevance assessing platforms requires the measurement of assessor accuracy, but to date the subjective nature of relevance has prevented such measurement. To quantify assessor performance, we define relevance to be a group's majority opinion, and demonstrate the value of this approach by comparing the performance of NIST assessors to a group of assessors representative of participants in many information retrieval user studies. Using data collected as part of a user study with 48 participants, we found that NIST assessors discriminate between relevant and non-relevant documents better than the average participant in our study, but that NIST assessors' true positive rate is no better than that of the study participants. In addition, we found NIST assessors to be conservative in their judgment of relevance compared to the average participant.	Measuring assessor accuracy: a comparison of nist assessors and user study participants	NA:NA	2018
Jintao Tang:Qin Lu:Ting Wang:Ji Wang:Wenjie Li	The key issue of person name disambiguation is to discover different namesakes in massive web documents rather than simply cluster documents by using textual features. In this paper, we describe a novel person name disambiguation method based on social networks to effectively identify namesakes. The social network snippets in each document are extracted. Then, the namesakes are identified via splicing the social networks of each namesake by using the snippets as a bipartite graph. Experimental results show that our method achieves better result than the top performance of WePS-2 in identifying different namesakes.	A bipartite graph based social network splicing method for person name disambiguation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dawei Yin:Liangjie Hong:Xiong Xiong:Brian D. Davison	Unlike a traditional social network service, a microblogging network like Twitter is a hybrid network, combining aspects of both social networks and information networks. Understanding the structure of such hybrid networks and to predict new links are important for many tasks such as friend recommendation, community detection, and network growth models. In this paper, by analyzing data collected over time, we find that 90% of new links are to people just two hops away and dynamics of friend acquisition are also related to users' account age. Finally, we compare two popular sampling methods which are widely used for network analysis and find that ForestFire does not preserve properties required for the link prediction task.	Link formation analysis in microblogs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ismail Sengor Altingovde:Rifat Ozcan:Özgür Ulusoy	We provide a first large-scale analysis of the evolution of query results obtained from a real search engine at two distant points in time, namely, in 2007 and 2010, for a set of 630,000 real queries.	Evolution of web search results within years	NA:NA:NA	2018
Pan Du:Jiafeng Guo:Xue-Qi Cheng	Many network-based ranking approaches have been proposed to rank objects according to different criteria, including relevance, prestige and diversity. However, existing approaches either only aim at one or two of the criteria, or handle them with additional heuristics in multiple steps. Inspired by DivRank, we propose a unified ranking model, Decayed DivRank (DDRank), to meet the three criteria simultaneously. Empirical experiments on paper citation network show that DDRank can outperform existing algorithms in capturing relevance, diversity and prestige simultaneously in ranking.	Decayed DivRank: capturing relevance, diversity and prestige in information networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Na Dai:Milad Shokouhi:Brian D. Davison	Supervised learning to rank algorithms typically optimize for high relevance and ignore other facets of search quality, such as freshness and diversity. Prior work on multi-objective ranking trained rankers focused on using hybrid labels that combine overall quality of documents, and implicitly incorporate multiple criteria into quantifying ranking risks. However, these hybrid scores are usually generated based on heuristics without considering potential correlations between individual facets (e.g., freshness versus relevance). In this poster, we empirically demonstrate that the correlation between objective facets in multi-criteria ranking optimization may significantly influence the effectiveness of trained rankers with respect to each objective.	Multi-objective optimization in learning to rank	NA:NA:NA	2018
Evangelos Kanoulas:Stefan Savev:Pavel Metrikov:Virgil Pavlu:Javed Aslam	In this work we describe the results of a large-scale study on the effect of the distribution of labels across the different grades of relevance in the training set on the performance of trained ranking functions. In a controlled experiment we generate a large number of training datasets wih different label distributions and employ three learning to rank algo- rithms over these datasets. We investigate the effect of these distributions on the accuracy of obtained ranking functions to give an insight into the manner training sets should be constructed.	A large-scale study of the effect of training set characteristics over learning-to-rank algorithms	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stewart Whiting:Yashar Moshfeghi:Joemon M. Jose	As digital collections expand, the importance of the temporal aspect of information has become increasingly apparent. The aim of this paper is to investigate the effect of using long-term temporal profiles of terms in information retrieval by enhancing the term selection process of pseudo-relevance feedback (PRF). For this purpose, two temporal PRF approaches were introduced considering only temporal aspect and temporal along with textual aspect. Experiments used the AP88-89 and WSJ87-92 test collections with TREC Ad-Hoc Topics 51-100. Term temporal profiles are extracted from the Google Books n-grams dataset. The results show that the long-term temporal aspects of terms are capable of enhancing retrieval effectiveness.	Exploring term temporality for pseudo-relevance feedback	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jingxuan Li:Lei Li:Tao Li	Multi-document summarization aims to distill the most representative information from a set of documents to generate a summary. Given a set of documents as input, most of existing multi-document summarization approaches utilize different sentence selection techniques to extract a set of sentences from the document set as the summary. The submodularity hidden in textual-unit similarity motivates us to incorporate this property into our solution to multi-document summarization tasks. In this poster, we propose a new principled and versatile framework for different multi-document summarization tasks using the submodular function [8].	MSSF: a multi-document summarization framework based on submodularity	NA:NA:NA	2018
Junfeng Zhou:Ziyang Chen:Jingrong Zhang	We investigated the problem of finding from a collection of strings those similar to a given query string based on edit distance, for which the critical operation is merging inverted lists of grams generated from the collection of strings. We present an efficient algorithm to accelerate the merging operation.	SEJoin: an optimized algorithm towards efficient approximate string searches	NA:NA:NA	2018
Konstantinos Zagoris:Savvas A. Chatzichristofis:Avi Arampatzis	The Bag-Of-Visual-Words (BOVW) paradigm is fast becoming a popular image representation for Content-Based Image Retrieval (CBIR), mainly because of its better retrieval effectiveness over global feature representations on collections with images being near-duplicate to queries. In this experimental study we demonstrate that this advantage of BOVW is diminished when visual diversity is enhanced by using a secondary modality, such as text, to pre-filter images. The TOP-SURF descriptor is evaluated against Compact Composite Descriptors on a two-stage image retrieval setup, which first uses a text modality to rank the collection and then perform CBIR only on the top-K items.	Bag-of-visual-words vs global image descriptors on two-stage multimodal retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wei Song:Yu Zhang:Yubin Xie:Ting Liu:Sheng Li	In this paper, we propose a method to rank and assign weights to query terms according to their impact on the topic of the query. We use Search Result Overlap Ratio (SROR) to quantify the overlap of the search results of the full query and a shorten query after removing one term. Intuitively, if the overlap is small, it indicates a big topic shift and the removed term should be discriminative and important. The SROR could be used for measuring query term importance with a search engine automatically. By this way, learning based models could be trained based on a large number of automatically labeled instances and make predictions for future queries efficiently.	Query term ranking based on search results overlap	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sudip Datta:Vasudeva Varma	Verbose web queries are often descriptive in nature where a term based search engine is unable to distinguish between the essential and noisy words, which can result in a drift from the user intent. We present a randomized query reduction technique that builds on an earlier learning to rank based approach. The proposed technique randomly picks only a small set of samples, instead of the exponentially many sub-queries, thus being fast enough to be useful for web search engines, while still covering wide sub-query space.	Tossing coins to trim long queries	NA:NA	2018
Nattiya Kanhabua:Kjetil Nørvåg	When searching a temporal document collection, e.g., news archives or blogs, the time dimension must be explicitly incorporated into a retrieval model in order to improve relevance ranking. Previous work has followed one of two main approaches: 1) a mixture model linearly combining textual similarity and temporal similarity, or 2) a probabilistic model generating a query from the textual and temporal part of a document independently. In this paper, we compare the effectiveness of different time-aware ranking methods by using a mixture model applied to all methods. Extensive evaluation is conducted using the New York Times Annotated Corpus, queries and relevance judgments obtained using the Amazon Mechanical Turk.	A comparison of time-aware ranking methods	NA:NA	2018
Fan Li	Automatic classification with graphs containing annotated edges is an interesting problem and has many potential applications. We present a risk minimization formulation that exploits the annotated edges for classification tasks. One major advantage of our approach compared to other methods is that the weight of each edge in the graph structures in our model, including both positive and negative weights, can be learned automatically from training data based on edge features. The empirical results show that our approach can lead to significantly improved classification performance compared to several baseline approaches.	Learning for graphs with annotated edges	NA	2018
Saori Suzuki:Shin'ichi Nakayama:Hideo Joho	Community-based Question Answering (CQA) services have become a major venue for people's information seeking on the Web. However, many studies on CQA have focused on the prediction of the best answers for a given question. This paper looks into the formulation of effective questions in the context of CQA. In particular, we looked at effect of contextual factors appended to a basic question on the performance of submitted answers. This study analysed a total of 930 answers returned in response to 266 questions that were formulated by 46 participants. The results show that adding a questionnaire's personal and social attribute to the question helped improve the perceptions of answers both in information seeking questions and opinion seeking questions.	Formulating effective questions for community-based question answering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dragos C. Anastasiu:Byron J. Gao:David Buttler	How to organize and present search results plays a critical role in the utility of search engines. Due to the unprecedented scale of the Web and diversity of search results, the common strategy of ranked lists has become increasingly inadequate, and clustering has been considered as a promising alternative. Clustering divides a long list of disparate search results into a few topic-coherent clusters, allowing the user to quickly locate relevant results by topic navigation. While many clustering algorithms have been proposed that innovate on the automatic clustering procedure, we introduce ClusteringWiki, the first prototype and framework for personalized clustering that allows direct user editing of clustering results. Through a Wiki interface, the user can edit and annotate the membership, structure and labels of clusters for a personalized presentation. In addition, the edits and annotations can be shared among users as a mass collaborative way of improving search result organization and search engine utility.	ClusteringWiki: personalized and collaborative clustering of search results	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chunjie Zhou:Dongqi Liu:Xiaofeng Meng	Nowadays, due to the increasing user requirements of efficient and personalized services, a perfect travel plan is urgently needed. However, at present it is hard for people to make a personalized traveling plan. Most of them follow other people's general travel trajectory. So only after finishing their travel, do they know which scene is their favorite, which is not, and what is the perfect order of visits. In this research we propose a novel spatio-temporal sequence (STS) searching, which mainly includes two steps. Firstly, we propose a novel method to detect tourist features of every scene, and its difference in different seasons. Secondly, combined with personal profile and scene features, a set of interesting scenes will be chosen and each scene has a specific weight for each user. The goal of our research is to provide the traveler with the STS, which passes through as many chosen scenes as possible with the maximum weight and the minimum distance within his travel time. We propose a method based on topic model to detect scene features, and provide two approximate algorithms to mine STS: a local optimization algorithm and a global optimization algorithm. System evaluations have been conducted and the performance results show the efficiency.	OrientSTS: spatio-temporal sequence searching in flickr	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zheng Chen:Suzanne Tamang:Adam Lee:Heng Ji	The main goal of knowledge base population (KBP) is to distill entity information (e.g., facts of a person) from multiple unstructured and semi-structured data sources, and incorporate the information into a knowledge base (KB). In this work, we intend to release an open source KBP toolkit that is publicly available for research purposes.	A toolkit for knowledge base population	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jidong Chen:Hang Guo:Wentao Wu:Wei Wang	In this demo, we present iMecho, a context-aware desktop search system to help users get more relevant results. Different from other desktop search engines, iMecho ranks results not only by the content of the query, but also the context of the query. It employs an Hidden Markov Model (HMM)-based user model, which is learned from user's activity logs, to estimate the query context when he submits the query. The results from keyword search are re-ranked by their relevances to the context with acceptable overhead.	iMecho: a context-aware desktop search system	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aixin Sun:Anwitaman Datta:Ee-Peng Lim:Kuiyu Chang	We demonstrate SSNetViz that is developed for integrating, visualizing and querying heterogeneous semantic social networks obtained from multiple information sources. A semantic social network refers to a social network graph with multi-typed nodes and links. We demonstrate various innovative features of SSNetViz with social networks from three information sources covering a similar set of entities and relationships in terrorism domain.	Visualizing and querying semantic social networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lidan Shou:Ke Chen:Gang Chen:Chao Zhang:Yi Ma:Xian Zhang	The cyber-physical systems (CPS) are envisioned as a class of real-time systems integrating the computing, communication and storage facilities with monitoring and control of the physical world. One interesting CPS application in the mobile Internet is to provide Web search "on the spot" regarding the physical world that a user sees, or literally WYRIWYS (What-You-Retrieve-Is-What-You-See). The objective of our work is to develop server/browser software for supporting WYRIWYS search in our prototype cyber-physical search engine. A WYRIWYS search retrieves visible Web objects and ranks them by their cyber-physical relevances (term, visual, spatial, temporal etc.). This work is distinguished from previous LWS as it provides quality Web search geared with the physical world. Therefore it suggests a very promising solution to cyber-physical Web search.	What-you-retrieve-is-what-you-see: a preliminary cyber-physical search engine	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaohua Liu:Long Jiang:Furu Wei:Ming Zhou:QuickView Team Microsoft	Tweets have become a comprehensive repository for real-time information. However, it is often hard for users to quickly get information they are interested in from tweets, owing to the sheer volume of tweets as well as their noisy and informal nature. We present QuickView, an NLP-based tweet search platform to tackle this issue. Specifically, it exploits a series of natural language processing technologies, such as tweet normalization, named entity recognition, semantic role labeling, sentiment analysis, tweet classification, to extract useful information, i.e., named entities, events, opinions, etc., from a large volume of tweets. Then, non-noisy tweets, together with the mined information, are indexed, on top of which two brand new scenarios are enabled, i.e., categorized browsing and advanced search, allowing users to effectively access either the tweets or fine-grained information they are interested in.	QuickView: advanced search of tweets	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Krishnan Ramanathan:Yogesh Sankarasubramaniam:Vidhya Govindaraju	Current user interfaces for online video consumption are mostly browser based, lean forward, require constant interaction and provide a fragmented view of the total content available. For easier consumption, the user interface and interactions need to be redesigned for less interruptive and lean back experience. In this paper, we describe Personalized Video, an application that converts the online video experience into a personalized lean back experience. It has been implemented on the Windows platform and integrated with intuitive user interactions like gesture and face recognition. It also supports group personalization for concurrent users.	Personalized video: leanback online video consumption	NA:NA:NA	2018
Saulo M.R. Ricci:Dilson A. Guimarães:Fabiano M. Belém:Jussara M. Almeida:Marcos A. Gonçalves:Raquel Prates	We present GreenMeter, a tool for assessing the quality and recommending tags for Web 2.0 content. Its goal is to improve tag quality and the effectiveness of various information services (e.g., search, content recommendation) that rely on tags as data sources. We demonstrate an implementation of GreenMeter for the popular Last.fm application.	GreenMeter: a tool for assessing the quality and recommending tags for web 2.0 applications	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tamara Polajnar:Richard Glassey:Leif Azzopardi	As adults we take for granted our capacity to express our information needs verbally and textually. However, young children also have preferences and information needs, but are just learning to be able to express themselves effectively. Consequently they encounter many barriers when trying to spell, type, and communicate their needs to a 'faceless' search engine text box. Junior Search (JuSe) is an interface that enables preschoolers and young children to search and find consumable online content (such as games for kids, videos, etc.) through adaptable picture dictionaries. Inspired by educational children's toys, rather than search engines designed for adults, JuSe incorporates a learning element by combining audio-visual and textual cues to improve written word recognition and vocabulary skills. JuSe provides an interactive learning environment that allows parents to introduce new words and concepts into the child's lexicon, as well as controlling the content and search queries.	JuSe: a picture dictionary query system for children	NA:NA:NA	2018
James Caverlee:Zhiyuan Cheng:Brian Eoff:Chiao-Fang Hsu:Krishna Kamath:Jeffrey McGee	CrowdTracker is a community-based web monitoring system optimized for real-time web streams like Twitter, Facebook, and Google Buzz. In this demo summary, we provide an overview of the system and architecture, and outline the demonstration plan.	CrowdTracker: enabling community-based real-time web monitoring	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Huggett:Edie Rasmussen	Our Meta-dex software suite extracts content and index text from a corpus of PDF files, and generates a meta-index that references entries across an entire domain. We provide tools to analyze the individual and integrated indexes, and visualize entries and books within the meta-index. The suite is scalable to very large data sets.	The Meta-Dex Suite: generating and analyzing indexes and meta-indexes	NA:NA	2018
Duo Ding:Xingping Jiang:Matthew R. Scott:Ming Zhou:Yong Yu	NA	Tulsa: web search for writing assistance	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Savvas A. Chatzichristofis:Konstantinos Zagoris:Avi Arampatzis	Traditional tools for information retrieval (IR) evaluation, such as TREC's trec_eval, have outdated command-line interfaces with many unused features, or 'switches', accumulated over the years. They are usually seen as cumbersome applications by new IR researchers, steepening the learning curve. We introduce a platform-independent application for IR evaluation with a graphical easy-to-use interface: the TREC_Files Evaluator. The application supports most of the standard measures used for evaluation in TREC, CLEF, and elsewhere, such as MAP, P10, P20, and bpref, as well as the Averaged Normalized Modified Retrieval Rank (ANMRR) proposed by MPEG for image retrieval evaluation. Additional features include a batch mode and statistical significance testing of the results against a pre-selected baseline.	The TREC files: the (ground) truth is out there	NA:NA:NA	2018
Thomas Wilhelm:Jens Kürsten:Maximilian Eibl	NA	A tool for comparative IR evaluation on component level	NA:NA:NA	2018
Luo Si:Rong Jin	In recent years, we have witnessed successful application of machine learning techniques to a wide range of information retrieval problems, including Web search engines, recommendation systems, online advertising, etc. It is thus critical for researchers in the information retrieval community to understand the core machine learning techniques. In order to accommodate audiences with different levels of understanding of machine learning, we divide this tutorial into two sessions: the first session will focus on basic machine learning concepts and tools; in the second session, we will introduce more advanced topics in machine learning, and will present recent developments in machine learning and its application to information retrieval. Each season is self-contained. Session 1: Core Learning Technologies for Information Retrieval. This session of the tutorial will cover the core machine learning methods, basic optimization techniques and key information retrieval applications. In particular, it includes: 1). Core concepts in machine learning, such as supervised learning/unsupervised learning, bias and variance trade off, and probabilistic models; 2). Useful concepts and algorithms in optimization including the first and second order gradient methods, and Expectation and Maximization; 3). The application of machine learning methods to key information retrieval problems including text classification, collaborative filtering, clustering and learning to rank; Session 2: Emerging Learning Technologies for Information Retrieval. This session will cover more advanced machine learning techniques that have started to be utilized in information retrieval applications. In particular, it will cover: 1). Advanced Optimization Techniques including stochastic optimization and smooth minimization; 2). Emerging Learning Techniques such as Multiple-Instance Learning, Active Learning and Semi-supervised Learning. The tutorial will benefit a large body of audience in the information retrieval community, ranging from students who are new to machine learning to the seasoned researchers who would like to understand the recent advance in machine learning for information retrieval research. This tutorial will also benefit the practitioners who apply learning techniques to real-world information retrieval systems.	Machine learning for information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Daxin Jiang:Jian Pei:Hang Li	Huge amounts of search log data have been accumulated in various search engines. Currently, a commercial search engine receives billions of queries and collects tera-bytes of log data on any single day. Other than search log data, browse logs can be collected by client-side browser plug-ins, which record the browse information if users' permissions are granted. Such massive amounts of search/browse log data, on the one hand, provide great opportunities to mine the wisdom of crowds and improve web search results. On the other hand, designing effective and efficient methods to clean, model, and process large scale log data also presents great challenges. In this tutorial, we will focus on mining search and browse log data for search engines. We will start with an introduction of search and browse log data and an overview of frequently-used data summarization in log mining. We will then elaborate how log mining applications enhance the five major components of a search engine, namely, query understanding, document understanding, query-document matching, user understanding, and monitoring and feedbacks. For each aspect, we will survey the major tasks, fundamental principles, and state-of-the-art methods. Finally, we will discuss the challenges and future trends of log data mining. The goal of this tutorial is to provide a systematic survey on large-scale search/browse log mining to the IR community. It may help IR researchers to get familiar with the core challenges and promising directions in log mining. At the same time, this tutorial may also serve the developers of web information retrieval systems as a comprehensive and in-depth reference to the advanced log mining techniques.	Enhancing web search by mining search and browse logs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Paul B. Kantor	As we face an explosion of potential new applications for the fundamental concepts and technologies of information retrieval, ranging from ad ranking to social media, from collaborative recommending to question answering systems, many researchers are spending unnecessary time reinventing ideas and relationships that are buried in the prehistory of information retrieval (which, for many researchers, means anything published before they entered graduate school). A lot of the ideas that surface as "new" in today's super-heated research environment have very firm roots in earlier developments in fields as diverse as citation analysis and pattern recognition. The purpose of this tutorial is to survey those roots, and their relation to the contemporary fruits on the tree of information retrieval, and to separate, as much as is possible in an era of increasing secrecy about methods, the problems to be solved, the algorithms for solving them, and the heuristics that are the bread and butter of a working operation. Participants will become familiar with roots in Pattern Analysis, Statistics, Information Science and other sources of key ideas that reappear in the current development of Information Retrieval as it applies to Search Engines, Social Media, and Collaborative Systems. They will be able to separate problems from algorithms, and algorithms from heuristics, in the application of these ideas to their own research and/or development activities. Course materials will be made available on a Web site two weeks prior to the tutorial. They will include links to relevant software; links to publications that will be discussed; and mechanisms for chat among the tutorial participants, before, during and after the tutorial.	A new look at old tricks: the fertile roots of current research	NA	2018
Omar Alonso:Matthew Lease	Crowdsourcing has emerged in recent years as a promising new avenue for leveraging today's digitally-connected, diverse, distributed workforce. Generally speaking, crowdsourcing describes outsourcing of tasks to a large group of people instead of assigning such tasks to an in-house employee or contractor. Crowdsourcing platforms such as Amazon Mechanical Turk and CrowdFlower have gained particular attention as active online market places for reaching and tapping into this still largely under-utilized workforce. Crowdsourcing also offers intriguing new opportunities for accomplishing different kinds of tasks or achieving broader participation than previously possible, as well as completing standard tasks more accurately in less time and at lower cost. Unlocking the potential of crowdsourcing in practice, however, requires a tri-partite understanding of principles, platforms, and best practices. We will introduce the opportunities and challenges of crowdsourcing while discussing the three issues above. This will provide a basic foundation to begin crowdsourcing in the context of one's own particular tasks	Crowdsourcing for information retrieval: principles, methods, and applications	NA:NA	2018
Filip Radlinski:Yisong Yue	Online evaluation is amongst the few evaluation techniques available to the information retrieval community that is guaranteed to reflect how users actually respond to improvements developed by the community. Broadly speaking, online evaluation refers to any evaluation of retrieval quality conducted while observing user behavior in a natural context. However, it is rarely employed outside of large commercial search engines due primarily to a perception that it is impractical at small scales. The goal of this tutorial is to familiarize information retrieval researchers with state-of-the-art techniques in evaluating information retrieval systems based on natural user clicking behavior, as well as to show how such methods can be practically deployed. In particular, our focus will be on demonstrating how the Interleaving approach and other click based techniques contrast with traditional offline evaluation, and how these online methods can be effectively used in academic-scale research. In addition to lecture notes, we will also provide sample software and code walk-throughs to showcase the ease with which Interleaving and other click-based methods can be employed by students, academics and other researchers.	Practical online retrieval evaluation	NA:NA	2018
Ricardo Baeza-Yates:Yoelle Maarek	Web retrieval methods have evolved through three major steps in the last decade or so. They started from standard document-centric IR in the early days of the Web, then made a major step forward by leveraging the structure of the Web, using link analysis techniques in both crawling and ranking challenges. A more recent, no less important but maybe more discrete step forward, has been to enter the user in this equation in two ways: (1) Implicitly, through the analysis of usage data captured by query logs, and session and click information in general; the goal here being to improve ranking as well as to measure user's happiness and engagement; (2) Explicitly, by offering novel interactive features; the goal here being to better answer users' needs. This half day tutorial covers the user-related challenges associated with the implicit and explicit role of users in Web retrieval. More specifically, we review and discuss challenges associated with: (1) Usage data analysis and metrics - It is critical to monitor how users take advantage and interact with Web retrieval systems, as this implicit relevant feedback aggregated at a large scale, can provide insights on users' underlying intent as well as approximate quite accurately the level of success of a given feature. Here we have to consider not only clicks statistics, the sequences of queries, the time spent in a page, the number of actions per session, etc. This is the focus of the first part of the tutorial. (2) User interaction - Given the intrinsic problems posed by the Web, the key challenge for the user is to conceive a good query to be submitted to the search system, one that leads to a manageable and relevant answer. The retrieval system must assist users during two key stages of interaction: efore the query is fully expressed and after the results are returned. After quite some stagnation on the front-end of Web retrieval, we have seen numerous novel interactive features appear in the last 3 to 4 years, as the leading commercial search engines seem to compete for users' attention. The second part of the tutorial will be dedicated to explicit user interaction. We will introduce novel material (as compared to previous versions of this tutorial that were given at SIGIR'2010, WSDM'2011 and ECIR'2011) in order to reflect recent Web search features such as Google Instant or Yahoo! Direct Search. The goal of this tutorial is to teach the key principles and technologies behind the activities and challenges briefly outlined above, bring new understanding and insights to the attendees, and hopefully foster future research. A previous version of this tutorial was offered at the ACM SIGIR'2010, WSDM'2011 and ECIR'2011.	Web retrieval: the role of users	NA:NA	2018
Eugene Agichtein:Evgeniy Gabrilovich	Proliferation of ubiquitous access to the Internet enables millions of Web users to collaborate online on a variety of activities. Many of these activities result in the construction of large repositories of knowledge, either as their primary aim (e.g., Wikipedia) or as a by-product (e.g., Yahoo! Answers). In this tutorial, we will discuss organizing and exploiting Collaboratively Generated Content (CGC) for information organization and retrieval. Specifically, we intend to cover two complementary areas of the problem: (1) using such content as a powerful enabling resource for knowledge-enriched, intelligent representations and new information retrieval algorithms, and (2) development of supporting technologies for extracting, filtering, and organizing collaboratively created content. The unprecedented amounts of information in CGC enable new, knowledge-rich approaches to information access, which are significantly more powerful than the conventional word-based methods. Considerable progress has been made in this direction over the last few years. Examples include explicit manipulation of human-defined concepts and their use to augment the bag of words (cf. Explicit Semantic Analysis), using large-scale taxonomies of topics from Wikipedia or the Open Directory Project to construct additional class-based features, or using Wikipedia for better word sense disambiguation. However, the quality and comprehensiveness of collaboratively created content vary widely, and in order for this resource to be useful, a significant amount of preprocessing, filtering, and organization is necessary. Consequently, new methods for analyzing CGC and corresponding user interactions are required to effectively harness the resulting knowledge. Thus, not only the content repositories can be used to improve IR methods, but the reverse pollination is also possible, as better information extraction methods can be used for automatically collecting more knowledge, or verifying the contributed content. This natural connection between modeling the generation process of CGC and effectively using the accumulated knowledge suggests covering both areas together in a single tutorial. The intended audience of the tutorial includes IR researchers and graduate students, who would like to learn about the recent advances and research opportunities in working with collaboratively generated content. The emphasis of the tutorial is on comparing the existing approaches and presenting practical techniques that IR practitioners can use in their research. We also cover open research challenges, as well as survey available resources (software tools and data) for getting started in this research field.	Information organization and retrieval with collaboratively generated content	NA:NA	2018
Sarah K. Tyler	As the abundance of information on the Internet grows, an increasing burden is placed on the user to specify his or her query precisely in order to avoid extraneous results that may be relevant, but not useful. At the same time, users have a tendency to repeat their search behaviors, seeking the same URL (re-finding) as well as issuing the same query (re-searching). These repeated actions reveal a form of user preference that the search engine can utilize to personalize the results. In our approach, we personalize search results related to ongoing tasks, allowing for a different degree of strength of interest, and diversity of interest per task. We focus on high valued queries; queries that are both related to past queries and will be related to future queries given the ongoing nature of the task.	Persistence in the ephemeral: utilizing repeat behaviors for multi-session personalized search	NA	2018
Katja Hofmann	The goal of my research is to develop self-learning search engines, that can learn online, i.e., directly from interactions with actual users. Such systems can continuously adapt to user preferences throughout their lifetime, leading to better search performance in settings where expensive manual tuning is infeasible. Challenges that are addressed in my work include the development of effective online learning to rank algorithms for IR, user aspects, and evaluation.	Search engines that learn online	NA	2018
Xue Jiang	Query expansion is a classical topic in the field of information retrieval, which is proposed to bridge the gap between searchers' information intents and their queries. Previous researches usually expand queries based on document collections, or some external resources such as WordNet and Wikipedia [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]. However, it seems that independently using one of these resources has some defects, document collections lack semantic information of words, while WordNet and Wikipedia may not include domain-specific knowledge in certain document collection. Our work aims to combine these two kinds of resources to establish an expansion model which represents not only domain-specific information but also semantic information. In our preliminary experiments, we construct a two-layer word graph and use Random-Walk algorithm to calculate the weights of each term in pseudo-relevance feedback documents, then select the highest weighted term to expand original query. The first layer of the word graph contains terms in related documents, while the second layer contains semantic senses corresponding to these terms. These terms and semantic senses are treated as vertices of the graph and connected with each other by all possible relationships, such as mutual information and semantic similarities. We utilized mutual information, semantic similarity and uniform distribution as the weight of term-term relation, sense-sense relation and word-sense relation respectively. Though these experiments show that our expansion outperform original queries, we are troubled with some difficult problems. Given the framework of semantic graph model, we need more effort to find out an optimal graph to represent the relationships between terms and their semantic senses. We utilized a two-layer graph model in our preliminary research, where terms from different documents are treated equally. Maybe we can introduce the document as a third layer in future work, where we can differ the same terms in different documents according to document relevance and context. Then we need appropriately represent initial weights of this words, senses and relationships. Various measures for weights of terms and term relations have been proved effective in other information retrieval tasks, such as TFIDF, mutual information (MI), but there is little research on weights for semantic senses and their relations. For polysemous words, we add all of their semantic senses to the graph and assume that these senses are uniformly distributed. Actually, it is not precise for a word in a special document and query. As we know, a polysemous word may have only one or two senses in a document, and they are not uniformly distributed. Give a word, what we should do is to determine its word senses in a relevant document and estimate the distribution of these senses. Word sense disambiguation may help us in this problem. Then, there are many methods to compute word similarity according to WordNet, which we use to represent the weights of relationships between word senses. Varelas et al implemented some popular methods to compute semantic similarity by mapping terms to an ontology and examining their relationships in that ontology [4]. We also need to know which algorithm for semantic similarity is most suitable for our model. Additional, WordNet is suitable to calculate word similarity but not suitable to measure word relevance. The inner hyperlinks of Wikipedia could help us to calculate word relevance. We wish to find an effective way to combine the similarity measure from WordNet and relevance measure from Wikipedia, which may completely reflect word relationships.	Query expansion based on a semantic graph model	NA	2018
Miguel Martinez-Alvarez	Nowadays, Information Retrieval (IR) systems have to deal with multiple sources of data available in different formats. Datasets can consist of complex and heterogeneous objects with relationships between them. In addition, information needs can vary wildly and they can include different tasks. As a result, the importance of flexibility in IR systems is rapidly growing. This fact is specially important in environments where the information required at different moments is very different and its utility may be contingent on timely implementation. In these cases, how quickly a new problem is solved is as important as how well you solve it. Current systems are usually developed for specific cases. It implies that too much engineering effort is needed to adapt them when new knowledge appears or there are changes in the requirements. Furthermore, heterogeneous and linked data present greater challenges, as well as the simultaneous application of different tasks. This research proposes the usage of descriptive approaches for three different purposes: the modelling of the specific task of Text Classification (TC), focusing on knowledge and complex data exploitation; the flexible application of models to different tasks; and the simultaneously application of different IR-tasks. This investigation will contribute to the long-term goal of achieving a descriptive and composable IR technology that provides a modular framework that knowledge engineers can compose into a task-specific solution. The ultimate goal is to develop a flexible framework that offers classifiers, retrieval models, information extractors, and other functions. In addition, those functional blocks could be customised to satisfy user needs. Descriptive approaches allow a high-level definition of algorithms which are, in some cases, as compact as mathematical formulations. One of the expected benefits is to make the implementation clearer and the knowledge transfer easier. They allow models from different tasks to be defined as modules that can be "concatenated", processing the information as a pipeline where some of the outputs of one module are the input of the following one. This combination involves minimum engineering effort due to the paradigm's "Plug & Play" capabilities offered by its functional syntax. This solution provides the flexibility needed to customise and quickly combine different IR-tasks and/or models. Classification is a desired candidate for being part of a flexible IR framework because it can be required in several situations for different purposes. In particular, descriptive approaches will improve its modelling with complex and heterogeneous objects. Furthermore, we aim to show how this approach allows to apply TC models for ad-hoc retrieval (and vice versa) and their simultaneous application for complex information needs. The main hypothesis of this research is that a seamless approach for modelling TC and its integration with other IR-tasks will provide a general framework for rapid prototyping and modelling of solutions for specific users. In addition, it will allow new complex models that take into account relationships and inference from large ontologies. The importance of flexibility for information systems and the exploitation of complex information and knowledge from heterogeneous sources are the main points for discussion. The main challenges are expressiveness and scalability. Abstraction improves flexibility and maintainability. However, it limits the modelling power. A balance between abstraction and expressiveness has to be reached. On the other hand, scalability has been traditionally a challenge for descriptive modelling. Our goal is to prove the feasibility of our approach for real-scale environments.	Descriptive modelling of text classification and its integration with other IR tasks	NA	2018
Xiang-Fei Jia	NA	Efficient and effective solutions for search engines	NA	2018
Ilya Markov	Distributed Information Retrieval (DIR), also known as Federated Search, integrates multiple searchable collections and provides direct access to them through a unified interface [3]. This is done by a centralized broker, that receives user queries, forwards them to appropriate collections and returns merged results to users. In practice, most of federated resources do not cooperate with a broker and do not provide neither their content nor the statistics used for retrieval. This is known as uncooperative DIR. In this case a broker creates a resource representation by sending sample queries to a collection and analyzing retrieved documents. This process is called query-based sampling. The key issue here is the following: 1.1 How many documents have to be retrieved from a resource in order to obtain a representative sample? Although there have been a number of attempts to address this issue it is still not solved appropriately. For a given user query resources are ranked according to their similarity to the query or based on the number of relevant documents they contain. Since resource representations are usually incomplete, the similarity or the number of relevant documents cannot be calculated precisely. Resource selection algorithms proposed in the literature estimate these numbers based on incomplete samples. However these estimates are subjects to error. In practice, inaccurate estimates that have high error should be trusted less then the more accurate estimates with low error. Unfortunately none of the existing algorithms can make the calculation of the estimation errors possible. Therefore the following questions arise: 2.1 How to estimate resource scores so that the estimation errors can be calculated? 2.2 How to use these errors in order to improve the resource selection performance? Existing results merging algorithms estimate normalized document scores based on scores of documents that appear both in a sample and in a result list. The problem similar to the resource selection one arises. The normalized document scores are only the estimates and are subjects to error. Inaccurate estimates should be trusted less then the more accurate ones. Again none of the existing algorithms provide a way for calculating these errors. Thus the two question to be address on the results merging phase are similar to the resource selection ones:  3.1 How to estimate normalized document scores so that the estimation errors can be calculated? 3.2 How to use these errors in order to improve the results merging performance? In this work we address the above issues by applying score distribution models (SDM) to different phases of DIR [2]. In particular, we discuss the SDM-based resource selection technique that allows the calculation of resource score estimation errors and can be extended in order to calculate the number of documents to be sampled from each resource for a given query. We have performed initial experiments comparing the SDM-based resource selection technique to the state-of-the-art algorithms and we are currently experimenting with the SDM-based results merging method. We plan to apply the existing score normalization techniques from meta-search to the DIR results merging problem [1]. However, the SDM-based results merging approaches require the relevance scores to be returned together with retrieved documents. It is not yet clear how to relax this strong assumption that does not always hold in practice.	Modeling document scores for distributed information retrieval	NA	2018
M. Rami Ghorab	A general characteristic of Information Retrieval (IR) and Multilingual IR (MIR) [5] systems is that if the same query was submitted by different users, the system would yield the same results, regardless of the user. On the other hand, Adaptive Hypermedia (AH) systems operate in a personalized manner where the services are adapted to the user [1]. Personalized IR (PIR) is motivated by the success in both areas, IR and AH [4]. IR systems have the advantage of scalability and AH systems have the advantage of satisfying individual user needs. The majority of studies in PIR literature have focused on monolingual IR, and relatively little work has been done concerning multilingual IR. This PhD research study aims to improve personalization in MIR systems, by improving the relevance of multilingual search results with respect to the user and not just the query. The study investigates how to model different aspects of a multilingual search user. Information about users can be demographic information, such as language and country, or information about the user's search interests. This information can be gathered explicitly by asking the user to supply the required information or implicitly by inferring the information from the user's search history. The study will then investigate how to exploit the modeled user information to personalize the user's multilingual search by performing query and result list adaptation. The main research questions that are addressed in this study are: how to improve the relevance of search results with respect to individual users in PMIR and how to construct profiles that represent aspects and interests of a multilingual search user. So far, the work carried out for this study included: (1) a proposed framework for the delivery and evaluation of PMIR [3]; and (2) exploratory experiments with search history and collection (result) re-ranking on a dataset of multilingual search logs [2]. The next stage of experimentation will involve the investigation and development of algorithms for: (1) constructing multilingual user profiles; (2) pre-translation and post-translation query expansion based on terms from the user profile; and (3) result list re-ranking based on the user's interests, and preferred language. Two types of experiments will be conducted in an in-lab setting, with a group of users from different linguistic backgrounds. In the first set of experiments, users will be asked to use a baseline web search system for their daily search activities over a period of time. The baseline system will be wrapped around one of the major search engines. Interactions with the system will be logged, and part of this information will be used for training the system (constructing user profiles from text of queries and clicked documents); the other part (remaining queries) will be used for testing the effectiveness of the query adaptation and result list adaptation algorithms, where the users will be asked to provide some personal relevance judgements. In the second set of experiments, the users will be asked to use the PMIR system to fulfill a number of defined search tasks. Quantitative and qualitative techniques will be used to evaluate different aspects of the experiments, including: (1) retrieval effectiveness, which can be measured using standard IR metrics; (2) user's performance on search tasks, which can be measured in terms of time and number of actions needed to fulfill the tasks; (3) user profile accuracy, which can be assessed by questionnaires that indicate how well the user profile depicted the users' search interests; and (4) usability and user satisfaction, which can be assessed using standard system usability questionnaires.	Improving query and result list adaptation in personalized multilingual information retrieval	NA	2018
Ricardo Nuno Taborda Campos	The World Wide Web (WWW) is a huge information network from which retrieving and organizing quality relevant content remains an open question for mostly all ambiguous queries. As an example, many queries have temporal implicit intents associated with them but they are not inferred by search engines. Inferring the user intentions and the period he has in mind, may therefore play an extremely important role in the improvement of the results. Our work goes in this direction. We aim to introduce a temporal analysis framework for analyzing documents in a temporal dimension in order to identify and understand the temporal nature of any given query, namely implicit ones. Our analysis is not based on metadata, but on the exploitation of temporal information from the content itself, particularly within web snippets, which are interesting pieces of concentrated information, where time clues, especially years, often appear. Our intention is to develop a language-independent solution and to model the degree of relationship between the terms and dates identified. This is the core part of the framework and the basis for both temporal query understanding and search results exploration, such as temporal clustering. We believe that inferring this knowledge is a very important step in the process of adding a temporal dimension to IR systems, thus disambiguating a large class of queries for which search engines continue to fail.	Using k-Top retrieved web snippets to date temporalimplicit queries based on web content analysis	NA	2018
Wei Li	The continuing increase in the volume of information available in our daily lives is creating ever greater challenges for people to find personally useful information. One approach used to addressing this problem is Personalized Information Retrieval (PIR). PIR systems collect a user's personal information from both implicit and explicit sources to build a user profile with the objective of giving retrieval results which better meet their individual user information needs than a standard Information Retrieval (IR) system. However, in many situations there may be no opportunity to learn about the specific interests of a user and build a personal model when this user is querying on a new topic, e.g. when a user visits a museum or exhibition which is unrelated to their normal search interests. Under this condition, the experiences and behaviours of other previous users, who have made similar queries, could be used to build a model of user behavior in this domain. My PhD proposes to focus on the development of new and innovative methods of domain-specific IR. My work seeks to combine recommender algorithms trained using previous search behaviours from different searchers with a standard ranked IR method to form a domain-specific IR model to improve the search effectiveness for a user entering a query without personal prior search history on this topic. The challenges for my work are: how to provide users better results; how to train and evaluate the methods proposed in my work.	Domain-specific information retrieval using rcommenders	NA	2018
Licai Wang	NA	Understanding and using contextual information in recommender systems	NA	2018
Sumit Bhatia	Hundreds of millions of people today rely on Web based Search Engines to satisfy their information needs. In order to meet the expectations of this vast and diverse user population, the search engine should present a list of results such that the probability of satisfying the average user is maximized. This leads us to the problem of Search Result Diversification. Given a user submitted query, the search engine should include results that are relevant to the user query and at the same time, diverse enough to meet the expectations of diverse user populations. However, it is not clear in what respect the results should be diversified. Much of the current work in diversity focuses on ambiguous and underspecified queries and tries to include results corresponding to diverse interpretations of the ambiguous query. This is not always sufficient. My analysis of a commercial web search engine's logs reveals that even for well-specified informational queries, click entropy is very high indicating that different users prefer different types of documents. Very recently, a diversification algorithm fine-tuned for such informational queries has been proposed. Further, high click entropies were also observed for a large fraction of transactional queries. One major goal of my PhD thesis will then be to identify the various possible dimensions along which the search results can be diversified. Having such an information will enhance our understanding about the expectations of an average user from the search engine. By utilizing aggregate statistics about queries, users and their interaction with the search engine for different queries, more concrete evidences about diverse user preferences as well as relative importance of different diversity dimensions can be derived. Once we know different diversity dimensions, the next natural question is: given a query, how can we determine the diversification requirement best suited for the query? For some queries sub-topic coverage may be more important while for others diversification with respect to document source or stylistics might be important. This problem is related to the problem of selective diversification where the goal is to identify queries for which diversification techniques should be used. However, in addition, we are also interested in identifying different diversity classes a given query belongs to. Further, for some queries it may be required to diversify along multiple diversity dimensions. In such cases, it is also important to determine the relative importance of different diversity dimensions for the given query. By utilizing past user interaction data, query level features (like query clarity, entropy, lexical features etc.) and document level features (e.g. popularity, content quality, previous click history etc.), classifiers for diversification requirements can be developed. Given a user query, once we know the type of diversity requirements for the user, an appropriate diversification technique is required. I would like to study the problem of simultaneously diversifying search results along multiple dimensions, as discussed above. One possible way here could be to build upon the nugget based framework introduced by Clarke et al. where we represent each document as a set of nuggets, each nugget corresponding to a diversity dimension.	Multidimensional search result diversification: diverse search results for diverse users	NA	2018
Edward Y. Chang	The number of "smart" mobile devices such as wireless phones and tablet computers has been rapidly growing. These mobile devices are equipped with a variety of sensors such as camera, gyroscope, accelerometer, compass, NFC, WiFi, GPS, etc. These sensors can be used to capture images and voice, detect motion patterns, and predict locations, to name just a few. This keynote depicts techniques in configuration, calibration, computation, and fusion for improving sensor performance and conserving power consumption. We also present novel mobile information management and retrieval applications that can benefit a great deal from enhanced sensor technologies.	Sensor-aided mobile information management and retrieval	NA	2018
Ted Tao Yuan:Zhaohui Chen:Mike Mathieson	At eBay Market Place, listing conversion rate can be measured by number of items sold divided by number of items in a sample set. For a given item, conversion rate can also be treated as the probability of sale. By investigating eBay listings' transactional patterns, as well as item attributes and user click-through data, we developed conversion models that allow us to predict a live listing's probability of sale. In this paper, we discuss the design and implementation of such conversion models. These models are highly valuable in analysis of inventory quality and ranking. Our work reveals the uniqueness of sales-oriented search at eBay and its similarity to general web search problems.	Predicting eBay listing conversion	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yanxin Shi:David Ye:Andrey Goder:Srinivas Narayanan	The goal of the Facebook recommendation engine is to compare and rank heterogeneous types of content in order to find the most relevant recommendations based on user preference and page context. The challenges for such a recommendation engine include several aspects: 1) the online queries being processed are at very large scale; 2) with new content types and new user-generated content constantly added to the system, the candidate object set and underlying data distribution change rapidly; 3) different types of content usually have very distinct characteristics, which makes generic feature engineering difficult; and 4) unlike a search engine that can capture intention of users based on their search queries, our recommendation engine needs to focus more on users' profile and interests, past behaviors and current actions in order to infer their cognitive states. In this presentation, we would like to introduce an effective, scalable, online machine learning framework we developed in order to address the aforementioned challenges. We also want to discuss the insights, approaches and experiences we have accumulated during our research and development process.	A large scale machine learning system for recommending heterogeneous content in social networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kuansan Wang:Jan Pedersen	In this paper, we provide an overview of the MSR-Bing Web Scale Speller Challenge of 2011. We describe the motivation and outline the algorithmic and engineering challenges posed by this activity. The design and the evaluation methods are also reviewed, and the online resources that will remain publicly available to the community are also described. The Challenge will culminate in a workshop after the time of the writing where the top prize winners will publish their approaches. The main findings and the lessons learned will be summarized and shared in the Industry Track presentation accompanying this paper.	Review of MSR-Bing web scale speller challenge	NA:NA	2018
Norbert Fuhr	NA	Salton award lecture: information retrieval as engineering science	NA	2018
Daniel R. Masys	From a mute but eloquent alphabet of 4 characters emerges a complex biological 'literature' whose highest expression is human existence. The rapidly advancing technologies of 'nextgen sequencing' will soon make it possible to inexpensively acquire and store the characters of our complete personal genetic instruction set and make it available for health assessment and disease management. This uniquely personal form of 'big data' brings with it challenges that will be discussed in this keynote presentation. Topics will include a brief introduction to the linguistic challenges of 'biology as literature', the impact of personal molecular variation on traditional approaches to disease prevention, diagnosis and treatment, and the challenges of information retrieval when a large volume of primary observations is made that is associated with an evanescent and rapidly changing corpus of scientific interpretation of those primary observations. Experience with extracting high quality pheonotypes from electronic medical records has shown that Natural Language Processing capability is an essential information extraction function for correlation of clinical events with personal genetic variation. Any powerful set of information can be used or misused, and put those who depend upon it in jeopardy. These issues, and a lesson from the long running Jeopardy TV series, will be discussed.	Retrieving information from the book of humanity: the personalized medicine data tsunami crashes on the beach of jeopardy	NA	2018
Ibrahim Adepoju Adeyanju:Dawei Song:M-Dyaa Albakour:Udo Kruschwitz:Anne De Roeck:Maria Fasli	A concept hierarchy created from a document collection can be used for query recommendation on Intranets by ranking terms according to the strength of their links to the query within the hierarchy. A major limitation is that this model produces the same recommendations for identical queries and rebuilding it from scratch periodically can be extremely inefficient due to the high computational costs. We propose to adapt the model by incorporating query refinements from search logs. Our intuition is that the concept hierarchy built from the collection and the search logs provide complementary conceptual views on the same search domain, and their integration should continually improve the effectiveness of recommended terms. Two adaptation approaches using query logs with and without click information are compared. We evaluate the concept hierarchy models (static and adapted versions) built from the Intranet collections of two academic institutions and compare them with a state-of-the-art log-based query recommender, the Query Flow Graph, built from the same logs. Our adaptive model significantly outperforms its static version and the query flow graph when tested over a period of time on data (documents and search logs) from two institutions' Intranets.	Adaptation of the concept hierarchy model with search logs for query recommendation on intranets	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yang Liu:Ruihua Song:Yu Chen:Jian-Yun Nie:Ji-Rong Wen	Query suggestion is a useful tool to help users formulate better queries. Although this has been found highly useful globally, its effect on different queries may vary. In this paper, we examine the impact of query suggestion on queries of different degrees of difficulty. It turns out that query suggestion is much more useful for difficult queries than easy queries. In addition, the suggestions for difficult queries should rely less on their similarity to the original query. In this paper, we use a learning-to-rank approach to select query suggestions, based on several types of features including a query performance prediction. As query suggestion has different impacts on different queries, we propose an adaptive suggestion approach that makes suggestions only for difficult queries. We carry out experiments on real data from a search engine. Our results clearly indicate that an approach targeting difficult queries can bring higher gain than a uniform suggestion approach.	Adaptive query suggestion for difficult queries	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Umut Ozertem:Olivier Chapelle:Pinar Donmez:Emre Velipasaoglu	We consider the task of suggesting related queries to users after they issue their initial query to a web search engine. We propose a machine learning approach to learn the probability that a user may find a follow-up query both useful and relevant, given his initial query. Our approach is based on a machine learning model which enables us to generalize to queries that have never occurred in the logs as well. The model is trained on co-occurrences mined from the search logs, with novel utility and relevance models, and the machine learning step is done without any labeled data by human judges. The learning step allows us to generalize from the past observations and generate query suggestions that are beyond the past co-occurred queries. This brings significant gains in coverage while yielding modest gains in relevance. Both offline (based on human judges) and online (based on millions of user interactions) evaluations demonstrate that our approach significantly outperforms strong baselines.	Learning to suggest: a machine learning framework for ranking query suggestions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sergej Zerr:Stefan Siersdorfer:Jonathon Hare:Elena Demidova	Modern content sharing environments such as Flickr or YouTube contain a large amount of private resources such as photos showing weddings, family holidays, and private parties. These resources can be of a highly sensitive nature, disclosing many details of the users' private sphere. In order to support users in making privacy decisions in the context of image sharing and to provide them with a better overview on privacy related visual content available on the Web, we propose techniques to automatically detect private images, and to enable privacy-oriented image search. To this end, we learn privacy classifiers trained on a large set of manually assessed Flickr photos, combining textual metadata of images with a variety of visual features. We employ the resulting classification models for specifically searching for private photos, and for diversifying query results to provide users with a better coverage of private and public content. Large-scale classification experiments reveal insights into the predictive performance of different visual and textual features, and a user evaluation of query result rankings demonstrates the viability of our approach.	Privacy-aware image classification and search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Weihao Kong:Wu-Jun Li:Minyi Guo	Hashing is used to learn binary-code representation for data with expectation of preserving the neighborhood structure in the original feature space. Due to its fast query speed and reduced storage cost, hashing has been widely used for efficient nearest neighbor search in a large variety of applications like text and image retrieval. Most existing hashing methods adopt Hamming distance to measure the similarity (neighborhood) between points in the hashcode space. However, one problem with Hamming distance is that it may destroy the neighborhood structure in the original feature space, which violates the essential goal of hashing. In this paper, Manhattan hashing (MH), which is based on Manhattan distance, is proposed to solve the problem of Hamming distance based hashing. The basic idea of MH is to encode each projected dimension with multiple bits of natural binary code (NBC), based on which the Manhattan distance between points in the hashcode space is calculated for nearest neighbor search. MH can effectively preserve the neighborhood structure in the data to achieve the goal of hashing. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to adopt Manhattan distance with NBC for hashing. Experiments on several large-scale image data sets containing up to one million points show that our MH method can significantly outperform other state-of-the-art methods.	Manhattan hashing for large-scale image retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Xia:Pengcheng Wu:Steven C.H. Hoi:Rong Jin	Similarity search is a key challenge for multimedia retrieval applications where data are usually represented in high-dimensional space. Among various algorithms proposed for similarity search in high-dimensional space, Locality-Sensitive Hashing (LSH) is the most popular one, which recently has been extended to Kernelized Locality-Sensitive Hashing (KLSH) by exploiting kernel similarity for better retrieval efficacy. Typically, KLSH works only with a single kernel, which is often limited in real-world multimedia applications, where data may originate from multiple resources or can be represented in several different forms. For example, in content-based multimedia retrieval, a variety of features can be extracted to represent contents of an image. To overcome the limitation of regular KLSH, we propose a novel Boosting Multi-Kernel Locality-Sensitive Hashing (BMKLSH) scheme that significantly boosts the retrieval performance of KLSH by making use of multiple kernels. We conduct extensive experiments for large-scale content-based image retrieval, in which encouraging results show that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art techniques.	Boosting multi-kernel locality-sensitive hashing for scalable image retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Van Dang:W. Bruce Croft	This paper presents a different perspective on diversity in search results: diversity by proportionality. We consider a result list most diverse, with respect to some set of topics related to the query, when the number of documents it provides on each topic is proportional to the topic's popularity. Consequently, we propose a framework for optimizing proportionality for search result diversification, which is motivated by the problem of assigning seats to members of competing political parties. Our technique iteratively determines, for each position in the result ranked list, the topic that best maintains the overall proportionality. It then selects the best document on this topic for this position. We demonstrate empirically that our method significantly outperforms the top performing approach in the literature not only on our proposed metric for proportionality, but also on several standard diversity measures. This result indicates that promoting proportionality naturally leads to minimal redundancy, which is a goal of the current diversity approaches.	Diversity by proportionality: an election-based approach to search result diversification	NA:NA	2018
Saúl Vargas:Pablo Castells:David Vallet	The intent-oriented search diversification methods developed in the field so far tend to build on generative views of the retrieval system to be diversified. Core algorithm components in particular redundancy assessment are expressed in terms of the probability to observe documents, rather than the probability that the documents be relevant. This has been sometimes described as a view considering the selection of a single document in the underlying task model. In this paper we propose an alternative formulation of aspect-based diversification algorithms which explicitly includes a formal relevance model. We develop means for the effective computation of the new formulation, and we test the resulting algorithm empirically. We report experiments on search and recommendation tasks showing competitive or better performance than the original diversification algorithms. The relevance-based formulation has further interesting properties, such as unifying two well-known state of the art algorithms into a single version. The relevance-based approach opens alternative possibilities for further formal connections and developments as natural extensions of the framework. We illustrate this by modeling tolerance to redundancy as an explicit configurable parameter, which can be set to better suit the characteristics of the IR task, or the evaluation metrics, as we illustrate empirically.	Explicit relevance models in intent-oriented information retrieval diversification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mayu Iwata:Tetsuya Sakai:Takehiro Yamamoto:Yu Chen:Yi Liu:Ji-Rong Wen:Shojiro Nishio	A diversified search result for an underspecified query generally contains web pages in which there are answers that are relevant to different aspects of the query. In order to help the user locate such relevant answers, we propose a simple extension to the standard Search Engine Result Page (SERP) interface, called AspecTiles. In addition to presenting a ranked list of URLs with their titles and snippets, AspecTiles visualizes the relevance degree of a document to each aspect by means of colored squares ("tiles"). To compare AspecTiles with the standard SERP interface in terms of usefulness, we conducted a user study involving 30 search tasks designed based on the TREC web diversity task topics as well as 32 participants. Our results show that AspecTiles has some advantages in terms of search performance, user behavior, and user satisfaction. First, AspecTiles enables the user to gather relevant information significantly more efficiently than the standard SERP interface for tasks where the user considers several different aspects of the query to be important at the same time (multi-aspect tasks). Second, AspecTiles affects the user's information seeking behavior: with this interface, we observed significantly fewer query reformulations, shorter queries and deeper examinations of ranked lists in multi-aspect tasks. Third, participants of our user study found AspecTiles significantly more useful for finding relevant information and easy to use than the standard SERP interface. These results suggest that simple interfaces like AspecTiles can enhance the search performance and search experience of the user when their queries are underspecified.	AspecTiles: tile-based visualization of diversified web search results	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark D. Smucker:Charles L.A. Clarke	Many current effectiveness measures incorporate simplifying assumptions about user behavior. These assumptions prevent the measures from reflecting aspects of the search process that directly impact the quality of retrieval results as experienced by the user. In particular, these measures implicitly model users as working down a list of retrieval results, spending equal time assessing each document. In reality, even a careful user, intending to identify as much relevant material as possible, must spend longer on some documents than on others. Aspects such as document length, duplicates and summaries all influence the time required. In this paper, we introduce a time-biased gain measure, which explicitly accommodates such aspects of the search process. By conducting an appropriate user study, we calibrate and validate the measure against the TREC 2005 Robust Track test collection. We examine properties of the measure, contrasting it to traditional effectiveness measures, and exploring its extension to other aspects and environments. As its primary benefit, the measure allows us to evaluate system performance in human terms, while maintaining the simplicity and repeatability of system-oriented tests. Overall, we aim to achieve a clearer connection between user-oriented studies and system-oriented tests, allowing us to better transfer insights and outcomes from one to the other.	Time-based calibration of effectiveness measures	NA:NA	2018
Feza Baskaya:Heikki Keskustalo:Kalervo Järvelin	Real life information retrieval takes place in sessions, where users search by iterating between various cognitive, perceptual and motor subtasks through an interactive interface. The sessions may follow diverse strategies, which, together with the interface characteristics, affect user effort (cost), experience and session effectiveness. In this paper we propose a pragmatic evaluation approach based on scenarios with explicit subtask costs. We study the limits of effectiveness of diverse interactive searching strategies in two searching environments (the scenarios) under overall cost constraints. This is based on a comprehensive simulation of 20 million sessions in each scenario. We analyze the effectiveness of the session strategies over time, and the properties of the most and the least effective sessions in each case. Furthermore, we will also contrast the proposed evaluation approach with the traditional one, rank based evaluation, and show how the latter may hide essential factors that affect users' performance and satisfaction - and gives even counter-intuitive results.	Time drives interaction: simulating sessions in diverse searching environments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ke Zhou:Ronan Cummins:Mounia Lalmas:Joemon M. Jose	Aggregating search results from a variety of heterogeneous sources or verticals such as news, image and video into a single interface is a popular paradigm in web search. Although various approaches exist for selecting relevant verticals or optimising the aggregated search result page, evaluating the quality of an aggregated page is an open question. This paper proposes a general framework for evaluating the quality of aggregated search pages. We evaluate our approach by collecting annotated user preferences over a set of aggregated search pages for 56 topics and 12 verticals. We empirically demonstrate the fidelity of metrics instantiated from our proposed framework by showing that they strongly agree with the annotated user preferences of pairs of simulated aggregated pages. Furthermore, we show that our metrics agree with the majority preference more often than current diversity-based information retrieval metrics. Finally, we demonstrate the flexibility of our framework by showing that personalised historical preference data can be used to improve the performance of our proposed metrics.	Evaluating aggregated search pages	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alberto Tonon:Gianluca Demartini:Philippe Cudré-Mauroux	Retrieving semi-structured entities to answer keyword queries is an increasingly important feature of many modern Web applications. The fast-growing Linked Open Data (LOD) movement makes it possible to crawl and index very large amounts of structured data describing hundreds of millions of entities. However, entity retrieval approaches have yet to find efficient and effective ways of ranking and navigating through those large data sets. In this paper, we address the problem of Ad-hoc Object Retrieval over large-scale LOD data by proposing a hybrid approach that combines IR and structured search techniques. Specifically, we propose an architecture that exploits an inverted index to answer keyword queries as well as a semi-structured database to improve the search effectiveness by automatically generating queries over the LOD graph. Experimental results show that our ranking algorithms exploiting both IR and graph indices outperform state-of-the-art entity retrieval techniques by up to 25% over the BM25 baseline.	Combining inverted indices and structured search for ad-hoc object retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Amit Singh:Deepak P:Dinesh Raghu	Online forums are becoming a popular way of finding useful information on the web. Search over forums for existing discussion threads so far is limited to keyword-based search due to the minimal effort required on part of the users. However, it is often not possible to capture all the relevant context in a complex query using a small number of keywords. Example-based search that retrieves similar discussion threads given one exemplary thread is an alternate approach that can help the user provide richer context and vastly improve forum search results. In this paper, we address the problem of finding similar threads to a given thread. Towards this, we propose a novel methodology to estimate similarity between discussion threads. Our method exploits the thread structure to decompose threads in to set of weighted overlapping components. It then estimates pairwise thread similarities by quantifying how well the information in the threads are mutually contained within each other using lexical similarities between their underlying components. We compare our proposed methods on real datasets against state-of-the-art thread retrieval mechanisms wherein we illustrate that our techniques outperform others by large margins on popular retrieval evaluation measures such as NDCG, MAP, [email protected] and MRR. In particular, consistent improvements of up to 10% are observed on all evaluation measures.	Retrieving similar discussion forum threads: a structure based approach	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lanbo Zhang:Yi Zhang:Yunfei Chen	As highly structured documents with rich metadata (such as products, movies, etc.) become increasingly prevalent, searching those documents has become an important IR problem. Unfortunately existing work on document summarization, especially in the context of search, has been mainly focused on unstructured documents, and little attention has been paid to highly structured documents. Due to the different characteristics of structured and unstructured documents, the ideal approaches for document summarization might be different. In this paper, we study the problem of summarizing highly structured documents in a search context. We propose a new summarization approach based on query-specific facet selection. Our approach aims to discover the important facets hidden behind a query using a machine learning approach, and summarizes retrieved documents based on those important facets. In addition, we propose to evaluate summarization approaches based on a utility function that measures how well the summaries assist users in interacting with the search results. Furthermore, we develop a game on Mechanical Turk to evaluate different summarization approaches. The experimental results show that the new summarization approach significantly outperforms two existing ones.	Summarizing highly structured documents for effective search interaction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yue Shi:Alexandros Karatzoglou:Linas Baltrunas:Martha Larson:Alan Hanjalic:Nuria Oliver	In this paper, we tackle the problem of top-N context-aware recommendation for implicit feedback scenarios. We frame this challenge as a ranking problem in collaborative filtering (CF). Much of the past work on CF has not focused on evaluation metrics that lead to good top-N recommendation lists in designing recommendation models. In addition, previous work on context-aware recommendation has mainly focused on explicit feedback data, i.e., ratings. We propose TFMAP, a model that directly maximizes Mean Average Precision with the aim of creating an optimally ranked list of items for individual users under a given context. TFMAP uses tensor factorization to model implicit feedback data (e.g., purchases, clicks) with contextual information. The optimization of MAP in a large data collection is computationally too complex to be tractable in practice. To address this computational bottleneck, we present a fast learning algorithm that exploits several intrinsic properties of average precision to improve the learning efficiency of TFMAP, and to ensure its scalability. We experimentally verify the effectiveness of the proposed fast learning algorithm, and demonstrate that TFMAP significantly outperforms state-of-the-art recommendation approaches.	TFMAP: optimizing MAP for top-n context-aware recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gang Zhao:Mong Li Lee:Wynne Hsu:Wei Chen	The development of Web 2.0 technology has led to huge economic benefits and challenges for both e-commerce websites and online shoppers. One core technology to increase sales and consumers' satisfaction is the use of recommender systems. Existing product recommender systems consider the order of items purchased by users to obtain a list of recommended items. However, they do not consider the time interval between the products purchased. For example, there is often an interval of 2-3 months between the purchase of printer ink cartridges or refills. Thus, recommending appropriate ink cartridges one week before the user needs to replace the depleted ink cartridges would increase the likelihood of a purchase decision. In this paper, we propose to utilize the purchase interval information to improve the performance of the recommender systems for e-commerce. We design an efficient algorithm to compute the purchase intervals between product pairs from users' purchase history and integrate this information into the marginal utility model. We evaluate our approach on a real world ecommerce dataset. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach significantly improves the conversion rate and temporal diversity compared to state-of-the-art algorithms.	Increasing temporal diversity with purchase intervals	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yue Shi:Xiaoxue Zhao:Jun Wang:Martha Larson:Alan Hanjalic	This paper studies result diversification in collaborative filtering. We argue that the diversification level in a recommendation list should be adapted to the target users' individual situations and needs. Different users may have different ranges of interests -- the preference of a highly focused user might include only few topics, whereas that of the user with broad interests may encompass a wide range of topics. Thus, the recommended items should be diversified according to the interest range of the target user. Such an adaptation is also required due to the fact that the uncertainty of the estimated user preference model may vary significantly between users. To reduce the risk of the recommendation, we should take the difference of the uncertainty into account as well. In this paper, we study the adaptive diversification problem theoretically. We start with commonly used latent factor models and reformulate them using the mean-variance analysis from the portfolio theory in text retrieval. The resulting Latent Factor Portfolio (LFP) model captures the user's interest range and the uncertainty of the user preference by employing the variance of the learned user latent factors. It is shown that the correlations between items (and thus the item diversity) can be obtained by using the correlations between latent factors (topical diversity), which in return significantly reduce the computation load. Our mathematical derivation also reveals that diversification is necessary, not only for risk-averse system behavior (non-adpative), but also for the target users' individual situations (adaptive), which are represented by the distribution and the variance of the latent user factors. Our experiments confirm the theoretical insights and show that LFP succeeds in improving latent factor models by adaptively introducing recommendation diversity to fit the individual user's needs.	Adaptive diversification of recommendation results via latent factor portfolio	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Paul N. Bennett:Ryen W. White:Wei Chu:Susan T. Dumais:Peter Bailey:Fedor Borisyuk:Xiaoyuan Cui	User behavior provides many cues to improve the relevance of search results through personalization. One aspect of user behavior that provides especially strong signals for delivering better relevance is an individual's history of queries and clicked documents. Previous studies have explored how short-term behavior or long-term behavior can be predictive of relevance. Ours is the first study to assess how short-term (session) behavior and long-term (historic) behavior interact, and how each may be used in isolation or in combination to optimally contribute to gains in relevance through search personalization. Our key findings include: historic behavior provides substantial benefits at the start of a search session; short-term session behavior contributes the majority of gains in an extended search session; and the combination of session and historic behavior out-performs using either alone. We also characterize how the relative contribution of each model changes throughout the duration of a session. Our findings have implications for the design of search systems that leverage user behavior to personalize the search experience.	Modeling the impact of short- and long-term behavior on search personalization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeff Huang:Ryen W. White:Georg Buscher:Kuansan Wang	Web search components such as ranking and query suggestions analyze the user data provided in query and click logs. While this data is easy to collect and provides information about user behavior, it omits user interactions with the search engine that do not hit the server; these logs omit search data such as users' cursor movements. Just as clicks provide signals for relevance in search results, cursor hovering and scrolling can be additional implicit signals. In this work, we demonstrate a technique to extend models of the user's search result examination state to infer document relevance. We start by exploring recorded user interactions with the search results, both qualitatively and quantitatively. We find that cursor hovering and scrolling are signals telling us which search results were examined, and we use these interactions to reveal latent variables in searcher models to more accurately compute document attractiveness and satisfaction. Accuracy is evaluated by computing how well our model using these parameters can predict future clicks for a particular query. We are able to improve the click predictions compared to a basic searcher model for higher ranked search results using the additional log data.	Improving searcher models using mouse cursor activity	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chang Liu:Nicholas J. Belkin:Michael J. Cole	Personalization of search results offers the potential for significant improvement in information retrieval performance. User interactions with the system and documents during information-seeking sessions provide a wealth of information about user preferences and their task goals. In this paper, we propose methods for analyzing and modeling user search behavior in search sessions to predict document usefulness and then using information to personalize search results. We generate prediction models of document usefulness from behavior data collected in a controlled lab experiment with 32 participants, each completing uncontrolled searching for 4 tasks in the Web. The generated models are then tested with another data set of user search sessions in radically different search tasks and constrains. The documents predicted useful and not useful by the models are used to modify the queries in each search session using a standard relevance feedback technique. The results show that application of the models led to consistently improved performance over a baseline that did not take account of user interaction information. These findings have implications for designing systems for personalized search and improving user search experience.	Personalization of search results using interaction behaviors in search sessions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wan-Ching Wu:Diane Kelly:Kun Huang	Although a great deal of research has been conducted about automatic techniques for determining query quality, there have been relatively few studies about how people judge query quality. This study investigated this topic through a laboratory experiment with 40 subjects. Subjects were shown eight information problems (five fact-finding and three exploratory) and asked to evaluate queries for these problems according to several quality attributes. Subjects then evaluated search engine results pages (SERPs) for each query, which were manipulated to exhibit different levels of performance. Following this, subjects reevaluated the queries, were interviewed about their evaluation approaches and repeated the rating procedure for two information problems. Results showed that for fact-finding information problems, longer queries received higher ratings (both initial and post-SERP), and that post-SERP query ratings were more affected by the proportion of relevant documents viewed to all documents viewed rather than the ranks of the relevant documents. For exploratory information problems, subjects' ratings were highly correlated with the number of relevant documents in the SERP as well as the proportion of relevant documents viewed. Subjects adopted several approaches when evaluating query quality, which led to different quality ratings. Finally, during the reliability check subjects' initial evaluations were fairly stable, but their post-SERP evaluations significantly increased.	User evaluation of query quality	NA:NA:NA	2018
J. Shane Culpepper:Matthias Petri:Falk Scholer	For over forty years the dominant data structure for ranked document retrieval has been the inverted index. Inverted indexes are effective for a variety of document retrieval tasks, and particularly efficient for large data collection scenarios that require disk access and storage. However, many efficiency-bound search tasks can now easily be supported entirely in memory as a result of recent hardware advances. In this paper we present a hybrid algorithmic framework for in-memory bag of-words ranked document retrieval using a self-index derived from the FM-Index, wavelet tree, and the compressed suffix tree data structures, and evaluate the various algorithmic trade-offs for performing efficient queries entirely in-memory. We compare our approach with two classic approaches to bag-of-words queries using inverted indexes, term-at-a-time (TAAT) and document-at-a-time (DAAT) query processing. We show that our framework is competitive with state-of-the-art indexing structures, and describe new capabilities provided by our algorithms that can be leveraged by future systems to improve effectiveness and efficiency for a variety of fundamental search operations.	Efficient in-memory top-k document retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Avishek Anand:Srikanta Bedathur:Klaus Berberich:Ralf Schenkel	Time-travel text search enriches standard text search by temporal predicates, so that users of web archives can easily retrieve document versions that are considered relevant to a given keyword query and existed during a given time interval. Different index structures have been proposed to efficiently support time-travel text search. None of them, however, can easily be updated as the Web evolves and new document versions are added to the web archive. In this work, we describe a novel index structure that efficiently supports time-travel text search and can be maintained incrementally as new document versions are added to the web archive. Our solution uses a sharded index organization, bounds the number of spuriously read index entries per shard, and can be maintained using small in-memory buffers and append-only operations. We present experiments on two large-scale real-world datasets demonstrating that maintaining our novel index structure is an order of magnitude more efficient than periodically rebuilding one of the existing index structures, while query-processing performance is not adversely affected.	Index maintenance for time-travel text search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
JInru He:Torsten Suel	Versioned document collections are collections that contain multiple versions of each document. Important examples are Web archives, Wikipedia and other wikis, or source code and documents maintained in revision control systems. Versioned document collections can become very large, due to the need to retain past versions, but there is also a lot of redundancy between versions that can be exploited. Thus, versioned document collections are usually stored using special differential (delta) compression techniques, and a number of researchers have recently studied how to exploit this redundancy to obtain more succinct full-text index structures. In this paper, we study index organization and compression techniques for such versioned full-text index structures. In particular, we focus on the case of positional index structures, while most previous work has focused on the non-positional case. Building on earlier work in [zs:redun], we propose a framework for indexing and querying in versioned document collections that integrates non-positional and positional indexes to enable fast top-k query processing. Within this framework, we define and study the problem of minimizing positional index size through optimal substring partitioning. Experiments on Wikipedia and web archive data show that our techniques achieve significant reductions in index size over previous work while supporting very fast query processing.	Optimizing positional index structures for versioned document collections	NA:NA	2018
Diego Arroyuelo:Senén González:Mauricio Marin:Mauricio Oyarzún:Torsten Suel	Positional ranking functions, widely used in Web search engines, improve result quality by exploiting the positions of the query terms within documents. However, it is well known that positional indexes demand large amounts of extra space, typically about three times the space of a basic nonpositional index. Textual data, on the other hand, is needed to produce text snippets. In this paper, we study time-space trade-offs for search engines with positional ranking functions and text snippet generation. We consider both index-based and non-index based alternatives for positional data. We aim to answer the question of whether one should index positional data or not. We show that there is a wide range of practical time-space trade-offs. Moreover, we show that both position and textual data can be stored using about 71% of the space used by traditional positional indexes, with a minor increase in query time. This yields considerable space savings and outperforms, both in space and time, recent alternatives from the literature. We also propose several efficient compressed text representations for snippet generation, which are able to use about half of the space of current state-of-the-art alternatives with little impact in query processing time.	To index or not to index: time-space trade-offs in search engines with positional ranking functions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ryen W. White:Eric Horvitz	The Web provides a wealth of information about medical symptoms and disorders. Although this content is often valuable to consumers, studies have found that interaction with Web content may heighten anxiety and stimulate healthcare utilization. We present a longitudinal log-based study of medical search and browsing behavior on the Web. We characterize how users focus on particular medical concerns and how concerns persist and influence future behavior, including changes in focus of attention in searching and browsing for health information. We build and evaluate models that predict transitions from searches on symptoms to searches on health conditions, and escalations from symptoms to serious illnesses. We study the influence that the prior onset of concerns may have on future behavior, including sudden shifts back to searching on the concern amidst other searches. Our findings have implications for refining Web search and retrieval to support people pursuing diagnostic information.	Studies of the onset and persistence of medical concerns in search logs	NA:NA	2018
Ahmed Hassan	Web search is an interactive process that involves actions from Web search users and responses from the search engine. Many research efforts have been made to address the problem of understanding search behavior in general. Some of this work focused on predicting whether a particular user has succeeded in achieving her search goal or not. Most of these studies have faced the problem of the lack of reliable labeled data to learn from. Unlike labeled data, unlabeled data recording behavioral signals in Web search is widely available in search logs. In this work, we study the plausibility of using labeled and unlabeled data to learn better models of user behavior that can be used to predict search success more effectively. We present a semi-supervised approach to modeling Web search satisfaction. The proposed approach can use either labeled data only or both labeled and unlabeled data. We show that the proposed model outperforms previous methods for modeling search success using labeled data. We also show that adding unlabeled data improves the effectiveness of the proposed models and that the proposed method outperforms other strong semi-supervised baselines.	A semi-supervised approach to modeling web search satisfaction	NA	2018
Patrick Pantel:Michael Gamon:Omar Alonso:Kevin Haas	Social features are increasingly integrated within the search results page of the main commercial search engines. There is, however, little understanding of the utility of social features in traditional search. In this paper, we study utility in the context of social annotations, which are markings indicating that a person in the social network of the user has liked or shared a result document. We introduce a taxonomy of social relevance aspects that influence the utility of social annotations in search, spanning query classes, the social network, and content relevance. We present the results of a user study quantifying the utility of social annotations and the interplay between social relevance aspects. Through the user study we gain insights on conditions under which social annotations are most useful to a user. Finally, we present machine learned models for predicting the utility of a social annotation using the user study judgments as an optimization criterion. We model the learning task with features drawn from web usage logs, and show empirical evidence over real-world head and tail queries that the problem is learnable and that in many cases we can predict the utility of a social annotation.	Social annotations: utility and prediction modeling	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuanhua Lv:Dimitrios Lymberopoulos:Qiang Wu	Users increasingly rely on their mobile devices to search local entities, typically businesses, while on the go. Even though recent work has recognized that the ranking signals in mobile local search (e.g., distance and customer rating score of a business) are quite different from general Web search, they have mostly treated these signals as a black-box to extract very basic features (e.g., raw distance values and rating scores) without going inside the signals to understand how exactly they affect the relevance of a business. However, as it has been demonstrated in the development of general information retrieval models, it is critical to explore the underlying behaviors/heuristics of a ranking signal to design more effective ranking features. In this paper, we follow a data-driven methodology to study the behavior of these ranking signals in mobile local search using a large-scale query log. Our analysis reveals interesting heuristics that can be used to guide the exploitation of different signals. For example, users often take the mean value of a signal (e.g., rating) from the business result list as a "pivot" score, and tend to demonstrate different click behaviors on businesses with lower and higher signal values than the pivot; the clickrate of a business generally is sublinearly decreasing with its distance to the user, etc. Inspired by the understanding of these heuristics, we further propose different transformation methods to generate more effective ranking features. We quantify the improvement of the proposed new features using real mobile local search logs over a period of 14 months and show that the mean average precision can be improved by over 7%.	An exploration of ranking heuristics in mobile local search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yunhua Hu:Yanan Qian:Hang Li:Daxin Jiang:Jian Pei:Qinghua Zheng	Most queries in web search are ambiguous and multifaceted. Identifying the major senses and facets of queries from search log data, referred to as query subtopic mining in this paper, is a very important issue in web search. Through search log analysis, we show that there are two interesting phenomena of user behavior that can be leveraged to identify query subtopics, referred to as `one subtopic per search' and `subtopic clarification by keyword'. One subtopic per search means that if a user clicks multiple URLs in one query, then the clicked URLs tend to represent the same sense or facet. Subtopic clarification by keyword means that users often add an additional keyword or keywords to expand the query in order to clarify their search intent. Thus, the keywords tend to be indicative of the sense or facet. We propose a clustering algorithm that can effectively leverage the two phenomena to automatically mine the major subtopics of queries, where each subtopic is represented by a cluster containing a number of URLs and keywords. The mined subtopics of queries can be used in multiple tasks in web search and we evaluate them in aspects of the search result presentation such as clustering and re-ranking. We demonstrate that our clustering algorithm can effectively mine query subtopics with an F1 measure in the range of 0.896-0.956. Our experimental results show that the use of the subtopics mined by our approach can significantly improve the state-of-the-art methods used for search result clustering. Experimental results based on click data also show that the re-ranking of search result based on our method can significantly improve the efficiency of users' ability to find information.	Mining query subtopics from search log data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eugene Agichtein:Ryen W. White:Susan T. Dumais:Paul N. Bennet	Many important search tasks require multiple search sessions to complete. Tasks such as travel planning, large purchases, or job searches can span hours, days, or even weeks. Inevitably, life interferes, requiring the searcher either to recover the "state" of the search manually (most common), or plan for interruption in advance (unlikely). The goal of this work is to better understand, characterize, and automatically detect search tasks that will be continued in the near future. To this end, we analyze a query log from the Bing Web search engine to identify the types of intents, topics, and search behavior patterns associated with long-running tasks that are likely to be continued. Using our insights, we develop an effective prediction algorithm that significantly outperforms both the previous state-of-the-art method, and even the ability of human judges, to predict future task continuation. Potential applications of our techniques would allow a search engine to pre-emptively "save state" for a searcher (e.g., by caching search results), perform more targeted personalization, and otherwise better support the searcher experience for interrupted search tasks.	Search, interrupted: understanding and predicting search task continuation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wei Song:Qing Yu:Zhiheng Xu:Ting Liu:Sheng Li:Ji-Rong Wen	Conventional search engines usually return a ranked list of web pages in response to a query. Users have to visit several pages to locate the relevant parts. A promising future search scenario should involve: (1) understanding user intents; (2) providing relevant information directly to satisfy searchers' needs, as opposed to relevant pages. In this paper, we present a search paradigm to summarize a query's information from different aspects. Query aspects could be aligned to user intents. The generated summaries for query aspects are expected to be both specific and informative, so that users can easily and quickly find relevant information. Specifically, we use a Composite Query for Summarization" method, where a set of component queries are used for providing additional information for the original query. The system leverages the search engine to proactively gather information by submitting multiple component queries according to the original query and its aspects. In this way, we could get more relevant information for each query aspect and roughly classify information. By comparative mining the search results of different component queries, it is able to identify query (dependent) aspect words, which help to generate more specific and informative summaries. The experimental results on two data sets, Wikipedia and TREC ClueWeb2009, are encouraging. Our method outperforms two baseline methods on generating informative summaries.	Multi-aspect query summarization by composite query	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Manos Tsagkias:Roi Blanco	Modeling user browsing behavior is an active research area with tangible real-world applications, e.g., organizations can adapt their online presence to their visitors browsing behavior with positive effects in user engagement, and revenue. We concentrate on online news agents, and present a semi-supervised method for predicting news articles that a user will visit after reading an initial article. Our method tackles the problem using language intent models trained on historical data which can cope with unseen articles. We evaluate our method on a large set of articles and in several experimental settings. Our results demonstrate the utility of language intent models for predicting user browsing behavior within online news sites.	Language intent models for inferring user browsing behavior	NA:NA	2018
Francesco Bonchi:Raffaele Perego:Fabrizio Silvestri:Hossein Vahabi:Rossano Venturini	We present a recommendation method based on the well-known concept of center-piece subgraph, that allows for the time/space efficient generation of suggestions also for rare, i.e., long-tail queries. Our method is scalable with respect to both the size of datasets from which the model is computed and the heavy workloads that current web search engines have to deal with. Basically, we relate terms contained into queries with highly correlated queries in a query-flow graph. This enables a novel recommendation generation method able to produce recommendations for approximately 99% of the workload of a real-world search engine. The method is based on a graph having term nodes, query nodes, and two kinds of connections: term-query and query-query. The first connects a term to the queries in which it is contained, the second connects two query nodes if the likelihood that a user submits the second query after having issued the first one is sufficiently high. On such large graph we need to compute the center-piece subgraph induced by terms contained into queries. In order to reduce the cost of the above computation, we introduce a novel and efficient method based on an inverted index representation of the model. We experiment our solution on two real-world query logs and we show that its effectiveness is comparable (and in some case better) than state-of-the-art methods for head-queries. More importantly, the quality of the recommendations generated remains very high also for long-tail queries, where other methods fail even to produce any suggestion. Finally, we extensively investigate scalability and efficiency issues and we show the viability of our method in real world search engines.	Efficient query recommendations in the long tail via center-piece subgraphs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Guoliang Li:Jiannan Wang:Chen Li:Jianhua Feng	Type-ahead search can on-the-fly find answers as a user types in a keyword query. A main challenge in this search paradigm is the high-efficiency requirement that queries must be answered within milliseconds. In this paper we study how to answer top-k queries in this paradigm, i.e., as a user types in a query letter by letter, we want to efficiently find the k best answers. Instead of inventing completely new algorithms from scratch, we study challenges when adopting existing top-k algorithms in the literature that heavily rely on two basic list-access methods: random access and sorted access. We present two algorithms to support random access efficiently. We develop novel techniques to support efficient sorted access using list pruning and materialization. We extend our techniques to support fuzzy type-ahead search which allows minor errors between query keywords and answers. We report our experimental results on several real large data sets to show that the proposed techniques can answer top-k queries efficiently in type-ahead search.	Supporting efficient top-k queries in type-ahead search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Weiren Yu:Xuemin Lin:Wenjie Zhang:Ying Zhang:Jiajin Le	SimFusion has become a captivating measure of similarity between objects in a web graph. It is iteratively distilled from the notion that "the similarity between two objects is reinforced by the similarity of their related objects". The existing SimFusion model usually exploits the Unified Relationship Matrix (URM) to represent latent relationships among heterogeneous data, and adopts an iterative paradigm for SimFusion computation. However, due to the row normalization of URM, the traditional SimFusion model may produce the trivial solution; worse still, the iterative computation of SimFusion may not ensure the global convergence of the solution. This paper studies the revision of this model, providing a full treatment from complexity to algorithms. (1) We propose SimFusion+ based on a notion of the Unified Adjacency Matrix (UAM), a modification of the URM, to prevent the trivial solution and the divergence issue of SimFusion. (2) We show that for any vertex-pair, SimFusion+ can be performed in O(1) time and O(n) space with an O(km)-time precomputation done only once, as opposed to the O(kn3) time and O(n2) space of its traditional counterpart, where n, m, and k denote the number of vertices, edges, and iterations respectively. (3) We also devise an incremental algorithm for further improving the computation of SimFusion+ when networks are dynamically updated, with performance guarantees for similarity estimation. We experimentally verify that these algorithms scale well, and the revised notion of SimFusion is able to converge to a non-trivial solution, and allows us to identify more sensible structure information in large real-world networks.	SimFusion+: extending simfusion towards efficient estimation on large and dynamic networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Quan Wang:Zheng Cao:Jun Xu:Hang Li	Topic modeling can reveal the latent structure of text data and is useful for knowledge discovery, search relevance ranking, document classification, and so on. One of the major challenges in topic modeling is to deal with large datasets and large numbers of topics in real-world applications. In this paper, we investigate techniques for scaling up the non-probabilistic topic modeling approaches such as RLSI and NMF. We propose a general topic modeling method, referred to as Group Matrix Factorization (GMF), to enhance the scalability and efficiency of the non-probabilistic approaches. GMF assumes that the text documents have already been categorized into multiple semantic classes, and there exist class-specific topics for each of the classes as well as shared topics across all classes. Topic modeling is then formalized as a problem of minimizing a general objective function with regularizations and/or constraints on the class-specific topics and shared topics. In this way, the learning of class-specific topics can be conducted in parallel, and thus the scalability and efficiency can be greatly improved. We apply GMF to RLSI and NMF, obtaining Group RLSI (GRLSI) and Group NMF (GNMF) respectively. Experiments on a Wikipedia dataset and a real-world web dataset, each containing about 3 million documents, show that GRLSI and GNMF can greatly improve RLSI and NMF in terms of scalability and efficiency. The topics discovered by GRLSI and GNMF are coherent and have good readability. Further experiments on a search relevance dataset, containing 30,000 labeled queries, show that the use of topics learned by GRLSI and GNMF can significantly improve search relevance.	Group matrix factorization for scalable topic modeling	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marc Najork	Web-based advertising and electronic commerce, combined with the key role of search engines in driving visitors to ad-monetized and e-commerce web sites, has given rise to the phenomenon of web spam: web pages that are of little value to visitors, but that are created mainly to mislead search engines into driving traffic to target web sites. A large fraction of spam web pages is automatically generated, and some portion of these pages is generated by stitching together parts (sentences or paragraphs) of other web pages. This paper presents a scalable algorithm for detecting such "quilted" web pages. Previous work by the author and his collaborators introduced a sampling-based algorithm that was capable of detecting some, but by far not all quilted web pages in a collection. By contrast, the algorithm presented in this work identifies all quilted web pages, and it is scalable to very large corpora. We tested the algorithm on the half-billion page English-language subset of the ClueWeb09 collection, and evaluated its effectiveness in detecting web spam by manually inspecting small samples of the detected quilted pages. This manual inspection guided us in iteratively refining the algorithm to be more efficient in detecting real-world spam.	Detecting quilted web pages at scale	NA	2018
Chao Wei:Yiqun Liu:Min Zhang:Shaoping Ma:Liyun Ru:Kuo Zhang	Combating Web spam is one of the greatest challenges for Web search engines. State-of-the-art anti-spam techniques focus mainly on detecting varieties of spam strategies, such as content spamming and link-based spamming. Although these anti-spam approaches have had much success, they encounter problems when fighting against a continuous barrage of new types of spamming techniques. We attempt to solve the problem from a new perspective, by noticing that queries that are more likely to lead to spam pages/sites have the following characteristics: 1) they are popular or reflect heavy demands for search engine users and 2) there are usually few key resources or authoritative results for them. From these observations, we propose a novel method that is based on click-through data analysis by propagating the spamicity score iteratively between queries and URLs from a few seed pages/sites. Once we obtain the seed pages/sites, we use the link structure of the click-through bipartite graph to discover other pages/sites that are likely to be spam. Experiments show that our algorithm is both efficient and effective in detecting Web spam. Moreover, combining our method with some popular anti-spam techniques such as TrustRank achieves improvement compared with each technique taken individually.	Fighting against web spam: a novel propagation method based on click-through data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qi Zhang:Yan Wu:Zhuoye Ding:Xuanjing Huang	Content reuse is extremely common in user generated mediums. Reuse detection serves as be the basis for many applications. However, along with the explosion of Internet and continuously growing uses of user generated mediums, the task becomes more critical and difficult. In this paper, we present a novel efficient and scalable approach to detect content reuse. We propose a new signature generation algorithm, which is based on learned hash functions for words. In order to deal with tens of billions of documents, we implement the detection approach on graphical processing units (GPUs). The experimental comparison in this paper involves studies of efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed approach in different types of document collections, including ClueWeb09, Tweets2011, and so on. Experimental results show that the proposed approach can achieve the same detection rates with state-of-the-art systems while uses significantly less execution time than them (from 400X to 1500X speedup).	Learning hash codes for efficient content reuse detection	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Brent Hecht:Samuel H. Carton:Mahmood Quaderi:Johannes Schöning:Martin Raubal:Darren Gergle:Doug Downey	Exploratory search, in which a user investigates complex concepts, is cumbersome with today's search engines. We present a new exploratory search approach that generates interactive visualizations of query concepts using thematic cartography (e.g. choropleth maps, heat maps). We show how the approach can be applied broadly across both geographic and non-geographic contexts through explicit spatialization, a novel method that leverages any figure or diagram -- from a periodic table, to a parliamentary seating chart, to a world map -- as a spatial search environment. We enable this capability by introducing explanatory semantic relatedness measures. These measures extend frequently-used semantic relatedness measures to not only estimate the degree of relatedness between two concepts, but also generate human-readable explanations for their estimates by mining Wikipedia's text, hyperlinks, and category structure. We implement our approach in a system called Atlasify, evaluate its key components, and present several use cases.	Explanatory semantic relatedness and explicit spatialization for exploratory search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marc Bron:Jasmijn van Gorp:Frank Nack:Maarten de Rijke:Andrei Vishneuski:Sonja de Leeuw	Media studies concerns the study of production, content, and/or reception of various types of media. Today's continuous production and storage of media is changing the way media studies researchers work and requires the development of new search models and tools. We investigate the research cycle of media studies researchers and find that it is an iterative process consisting of several search processes in which data is gathered and the research question is refined. Changes in the research question, however, trigger new data gathering processes. Based on these outcomes we propose a subjunctive exploratory search interface to support media studies researchers in refining their research question in an earlier stage of their research. To assess the subjunctive interface we conduct a user study and compare to a traditional exploratory search interface. We find that with the subjunctive interface users explore more diverse topics than with the standard interface and that users formulate more specific research questions. Although the subjunctive interface is more complex, this does not decrease its usability. These findings suggest that the subjunctive interface supports media studies researchers. The advantage of a subjunctive interface for exploration suggests a new direction for the development of exploratory search systems.	A subjunctive exploratory search interface to support media studies researchers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jaime Arguello:Wan-Ching Wu:Diane Kelly:Ashlee Edwards	Aggregated search is the task of blending results from specialized search services or verticals into the Web search results. While many studies have focused on aggregated search techniques, few studies have tried to better understand how users interact with aggregated search results. This study investigates how task complexity and vertical display (the blending of vertical results into the web results) affect the use of vertical content. Twenty-nine subjects completed six search tasks of varying levels of task complexity using two aggregated search interfaces: one that blended vertical results into the web results and one that only provided indirect vertical access. Our results show that more complex tasks required significantly more interaction and that subjects completing these tasks examined more vertical results. While the amount of interaction was the same between interfaces, subjects clicked on more vertical results when these were blended into the web results. Our results also show an interaction between task complexity and vertical display; subjects clicked on more verticals when completing the more complex tasks with the interface that blended vertical results. Subjects' evaluations of the two interfaces were nearly identical, but when analyzed with respect to their interface preferences, we found a positive relationship between system evaluations and individual preferences. Subjects justified their preference using similar rationales and their comments illustrate how the display itself can influence judgments of information quality, especially in cases when the vertical results might not be relevant to the search task.	Task complexity, vertical display and user interaction in aggregated search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michele Trevisiol:Luca Chiarandini:Luca Maria Aiello:Alejandro Jaimes	Ranking of images is difficult because many factors determine their importance (e.g., popularity, quality, entertainment value, context, etc.). In social media platforms, ranking also depends on social interactions and on the visibility of the images both inside and outside those platforms. In this context, the application of standard ranking methods is not clearly understood, and neither are the subtleties associated with taking into account social interaction, internal, and external factors. In this paper, we use a large Flickr dataset and investigate these factors by performing an in-depth analysis of several ranking algorithms using both internal (i.e., within Flickr) and external (i.e., links from outside of Flickr) factors. We analyze rankings given by common metrics used in image retrieval (e.g., number of favorites), and compare them with metrics based on page views (e.g., time spent, number of views). In addition, we represent users' navigation by a graph and combine session models with some of these metrics, comparing with PageRank and BrowseRank. Our experiments show significant differences between the rankings, providing insights on the impact of social interactions, internal, and external factors in image ranking.	Image ranking based on user browsing behavior	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jialie Shen:HweeHwa Pang:Meng Wang:Shuicheng Yan	Continuing advances in data storage and communication technologies have led to an explosive growth in digital music collections. To cope with their increasing scale, we need effective Music Information Retrieval (MIR) capabilities like tagging, concept search and clustering. Integral to MIR is a framework for modelling music documents and generating discriminative signatures for them. In this paper, we introduce a multimodal, layered learning framework called DMCM. Distinguished from the existing approaches that encode music as an ensemble of order-less feature vectors, our framework extracts from each music document a variety of acoustic features, and translates them into low-level encodings over the temporal dimension. From them, DMCM elucidates the concept dynamics in the music document, representing them with a novel music signature scheme called Stochastic Music Concept Histogram (SMCH) that captures the probability distribution over all the concepts. Experiment results with two large music collections confirm the advantages of the proposed framework over existing methods on various MIR tasks.	Modeling concept dynamics for large scale music search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ismet Zeki Yalniz:R. Manmatha	This paper describes an approach for identifying translations of books in large scanned book collections with OCR errors. The method is based on the idea that although individual sentences do not necessarily preserve the word order when translated, a book must preserve the linear progression of ideas for it to be a valid translation. Consider two books in two different languages, say English and German. The English book in the collection is represented by the sequence of words (in the order they appear in the text) which appear only once in the book. Similarly, the book in German is represented by its sequence of words which appear only once. An English-German dictionary is used to transform the word sequence of the English book into German by translating individual words in place. It is not necessary to translate all the words and this method works even with small dictionaries. Both sequences are now in German and can, therefore, be aligned using a Longest Common Subsequence (LCS) algorithm. We describe two scoring functions TRANS-cs and TRANS-its which account for both the LCS length and the lengths of the original word sequences. Experiments demonstrate that TRANS-its is particularly successful in finding translations of books and outperforms several baselines including metadata search based on matching titles and authors. Experiments performed on a Europarl parallel corpus for four language pairs, English-Finnish, English-French, English-German, English-Spanish, and a scanned book collection of 50K English-German books show that the proposed method retrieves translations of books with an average MAP score of 1.0 and a speed of 10K book pair comparisons per second on a single core.	Finding translations in scanned book collections	NA:NA	2018
Rani Qumsiyeh:Yiu-Kai Ng	Existing multimedia recommenders suggest a specific type of multimedia items rather than items of different types personalized for a user based on his/her preference. Assume that a user is interested in a particular family movie, it is appealing if a multimedia recommendation system can suggest other movies, music, books, and paintings closely related to the movie. We propose a comprehensive, personalized multimedia recommendation system, denoted MudRecS, which makes recommendations on movies, music, books, and paintings similar in content to other movies, music, books, and/or paintings that a MudRecS user is interested in. MudRecS does not rely on users' access patterns/histories, connection information extracted from social networking sites, collaborated filtering methods, or user personal attributes (such as gender and age) to perform the recommendation task. It simply considers the users' ratings, genres, role players (authors or artists), and reviews of different multimedia items, which are abundant and easy to find on the Web. MudRecS predicts the ratings of multimedia items that match the interests of a user to make recommendations. The performance ofMudRecS has been compared with current state-of-the-art multimedia recommenders using various multimedia datasets, and the experimental results show that MudRecS significantly outperforms other systems in accurately predicting the ratings of multimedia items to be recommended.	Predicting the ratings of multimedia items for making personalized recommendations	NA:NA	2018
Deepak Agarwal:Bee-Chung Chen:Pradheep Elango:Xuanhui Wang	Online content recommendation aims to identify trendy articles in a continuously changing dynamic content pool. Most of existing works rely on online user feedback, notably clicks, as the objective and maximize it by showing articles with highest click-through rates. Recently, click shaping was introduced to incorporate multiple objectives in a constrained optimization framework. The work showed that significant tradeoff among the competing objectives can be observed and thus it is important to consider multiple objectives. However, the proposed click shaping approach is segment-based and can only work with a few non-overlapping user segments. It remains a challenge of how to enable deep personalization in click shaping. In this paper, we tackle the challenge by proposing personalized click shaping. The main idea is to work with the Lagrangian duality formulation and explore strong convexity to connect dual and primal solutions. We show that our formulation not only allows efficient conversion from dual to primal for online personalized serving, but also enables us to solve the optimization faster by approximation. We conduct extensive experiments on a large real data set and our experimental results show that the personalized click shaping can significantly outperform the segmented one, while achieving the same ability to balance competing objectives.	Personalized click shaping through lagrangian duality for online recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yu Hong:Jun Lu:Jianmin Yao:Qiaoming Zhu:Guodong Zhou	This paper focuses on exploring the features of product reviews that satisfy users, by which to improve the automatic helpfulness voting for the reviews on commercial websites. Compared to the previous work, which single-mindedly adopts the textual features to assess the review helpfulness, we propose that user preferences are more explicit clues to infer the opinions of users on the review helpfulness. By using the user-preference based features, we firstly implement a binary helpfulness based review classification system to divide helpful reviews and useless, and on the basis, we secondly build a Ranking SVM based automatic helpfulness voting system (AHV) which rank reviews based on their helpfulness. Experiments used a large scale dataset containing over 34,266 reviews on 1289 products to test the systems, which achieves promising performances with accuracy of up to 0.72 and [email protected] of 0.25, and at least 9% accuracy improvement compared to the textual-feature based helpfulness assessment.	What reviews are satisfactory: novel features for automatic helpfulness voting	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Parvaz Mahdabi:Linda Andersson:Mostafa Keikha:Fabio Crestani	Patent prior art queries are full patent applications which are much longer than standard web search topics. Such queries are composed of hundreds of terms and do not represent a focused information need. One way to make the queries more focused is to select a group of key terms as representatives. Existing works show that such a selection to reduce patent queries is a challenging task mainly because of the presence of ambiguous terms. Given this setup, we present a query modeling approach where we utilize patent-specific characteristics to generate more precise queries. We propose to automatically disambiguate query terms by employing noun phrases that are extracted using the global analysis of the patent collection. We further introduce a method for predicting whether expansion using noun phrases would improve the retrieval effectiveness. Our experiments show that we can obtain almost 20% improvement by performing query expansion using the true importance of the noun phrase queries. Based on this observation, we introduce various features that can be used to estimate the importance of the noun phrase query. We evaluated the effectiveness of the proposed method on the patent prior art search collection CLEF-IP 2010. Our experimental results indicate that the proposed features make good predictors of the noun phrase importance, and selective application of noun phrase queries using the importance predictors outperforms existing query generation methods.	Automatic refinement of patent queries using concept importance predictors	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Le Zhao:Jamie Callan	People are seldom aware that their search queries frequently mismatch a majority of the relevant documents. This may not be a big problem for topics with a large and diverse set of relevant documents, but would largely increase the chance of search failure for less popular search needs. We aim to address the mismatch problem by developing accurate and simple queries that require minimal effort to construct. This is achieved by targeting retrieval interventions at the query terms that are likely to mismatch relevant documents. For a given topic, the proportion of relevant documents that do not contain a term measures the probability for the term to mismatch relevant documents, or the term mismatch probability. Recent research demonstrates that this probability can be estimated reliably prior to retrieval. Typically, it is used in probabilistic retrieval models to provide query dependent term weights. This paper develops a new use: Automatic diagnosis of term mismatch. A search engine can use the diagnosis to suggest manual query reformulation, guide interactive query expansion, guide automatic query expansion, or motivate other responses. The research described here uses the diagnosis to guide interactive query expansion, and create Boolean conjunctive normal form (CNF) structured queries that selectively expand 'problem' query terms while leaving the rest of the query untouched. Experiments with TREC Ad-hoc and Legal Track datasets demonstrate that with high quality manual expansion, this diagnostic approach can reduce user effort by 33%, and produce simple and effective structured queries that surpass their bag of word counterparts.	Automatic term mismatch diagnosis for selective query expansion	NA:NA	2018
Xiaobing Xue:W. Bruce Croft	Search queries have evolved beyond keyword queries. Many complex queries such as verbose queries, natural language question queries and document-based queries are widely used in a variety of applications. Processing these complex queries usually requires a series of query operations, which results in multiple sequences of reformulated queries. However, previous query representations, either the "bag of words" method or the recently proposed "query distribution" method, cannot effectively model these query sequences, since they ignore the relationships between two queries. In this paper, a reformulation tree framework is proposed to organize multiple sequences of reformulated queries as a tree structure, where each path of the tree corresponds to a sequence of reformulated queries. Specifically, a two-level reformulation tree is implemented for verbose queries. This tree effectively combines two query operations, i.e., subset selection and query substitution, within the same framework. Furthermore, a weight estimation approach is proposed to assign weights to each node of the reformulation tree by considering the relationships with other nodes and directly optimizing retrieval performance. Experiments on TREC collections show that this reformulation tree based representation significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art techniques.	Generating reformulation trees for complex queries	NA:NA	2018
Jun Miao:Jimmy Xiangji Huang:Zheng Ye	Rocchio's relevance feedback model is a classic query expansion method and it has been shown to be effective in boosting information retrieval performance. The selection of expansion terms in this method, however, does not take into account the relationship between the candidate terms and the query terms (e.g., term proximity). Intuitively, the proximity between candidate expansion terms and query terms can be exploited in the process of query expansion, since terms closer to query terms are more likely to be related to the query topic. In this paper, we study how to incorporate proximity information into the Rocchio's model, and propose a proximity-based Rocchio's model, called PRoc, with three variants. In our PRoc models, a new concept (proximity-based term frequency, ptf) is introduced to model the proximity information in the pseudo relevant documents, which is then used in three kinds of proximity measures. Experimental results on TREC collections show that our proposed PRoc models are effective and generally superior to the state-of-the-art relevance feedback models with optimal parameters.A direct comparison with positional relevance model (PRM) on the GOV2 collection also indicates our proposed model is at least competitive to the most recent progress.	Proximity-based rocchio's model for pseudo relevance	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhiheng Xu:Yang Zhang:Yao Wu:Qing Yang	User generated content is the basic element of social media websites. Relatively few studies have systematically analyzed the motivation to create and share content, especially from the perspective of a common user. In this paper, we perform a comprehensive analysis of user posting behavior on a popular social media website, Twitter. Specifically, we assume that user behavior is mainly influenced by three factors: breaking news, posts from social friends and user's intrinsic interest, and propose a mixture latent topic model to combine all these factors. We evaluated our model on a large-scale Twitter dataset from three different perspectives: the perplexity of held-out content, the performance of predicting retweets and the quality of generated latent topics. The results were encouraging, our model clearly outperformed its competitors.	Modeling user posting behavior on social media	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuang-Hong Yang:Alexander J. Smola:Bo Long:Hongyuan Zha:Yi Chang	We study the problem of labeling the edges of a social network graph (e.g., acquaintance connections in Facebook) as either positive (i.e., trust, true friendship) or negative (i.e., distrust, possible frenemy) relations. Such signed relations provide much stronger signal in tying the behavior of online users than the unipolar Homophily effect, yet are largely unavailable as most social graphs only contain unsigned edges. We show the surprising fact that it is possible to infer signed social ties with good accuracy solely based on users' behavior of decision making (or using only a small fraction of supervision information) via unsupervised and semi-supervised algorithms. This work hereby makes it possible to turn an unsigned acquaintance network (e.g. Facebook, Myspace) into a signed trust-distrust network (e.g. Epinion, Slashdot). Our results are based on a mixed effects framework that simultaneously captures users' behavior, social interactions as well as the interplay between the two. The framework includes a series of latent factor models and it also encodes the principles of balance and status from Social psychology. Experiments on Epinion and Yahoo! Pulse networks illustrate that (1) signed social ties can be predicted with high-accuracy even in fully unsupervised settings, and (2) the predicted signed ties are significantly more useful for social behavior prediction than simple Homophily.	Friend or frenemy?: predicting signed ties in social networks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Youngchul Cha:Junghoo Cho	In this paper, we discuss how we can extend probabilistic topic models to analyze the relationship graph of popular social-network data, so that we can group or label the edges and nodes in the graph based on their topic similarity. In particular, we first apply the well-known Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) model and its existing variants to the graph-labeling task and argue that the existing models do not handle popular nodes (nodes with many incoming edges) in the graph very well. We then propose possible extensions to this model to deal with popular nodes. Our experiments show that the proposed extensions are very effective in labeling popular nodes, showing significant improvements over the existing methods. Our proposed methods can be used for providing, for instance, more relevant friend recommendations within a social network.	Social-network analysis using topic models	NA:NA	2018
Saptarshi Ghosh:Naveen Sharma:Fabricio Benevenuto:Niloy Ganguly:Krishna Gummadi	Finding topic experts on microblogging sites with millions of users, such as Twitter, is a hard and challenging problem. In this paper, we propose and investigate a new methodology for discovering topic experts in the popular Twitter social network. Our methodology relies on the wisdom of the Twitter crowds -- it leverages Twitter Lists, which are often carefully curated by individual users to include experts on topics that interest them and whose meta-data (List names and descriptions) provides valuable semantic cues to the experts' domain of expertise. We mined List information to build Cognos, a system for finding topic experts in Twitter. Detailed experimental evaluation based on a real-world deployment shows that: (a) Cognos infers a user's expertise more accurately and comprehensively than state-of-the-art systems that rely on the user's bio or tweet content, (b) Cognos scales well due to built-in mechanisms to efficiently update its experts' database with new users, and (c) Despite relying only on a single feature, namely crowdsourced Lists, Cognos yields results comparable to, if not better than, those given by the official Twitter experts search engine for a wide range of queries in user tests. Our study highlights Lists as a potentially valuable source of information for future content or expert search systems in Twitter.	Cognos: crowdsourcing search for topic experts in microblogs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhuowei Bao:Benny Kimelfeld:Yunyao Li	Enterprise search is challenging for several reasons, notably the dynamic terminology and jargon that are specific to the enterprise domain. This challenge is partly addressed by having domain experts maintaining the enterprise search engine and adapting it to the domain specifics. Those administrators commonly address user complaints about relevant documents missing from the top matches. For that, it has been proposed to allow administrators to influence search results by crafting query-rewrite rules, each specifying how queries of a certain pattern should be modified or augmented with additional queries. Upon a complaint, the administrator seeks a semantically coherent rule that is capable of pushing the desired documents up to the top matches. However, the creation and maintenance of rewrite rules is highly tedious and time consuming. Our goal in this work is to ease the burden on search administrators by automatically suggesting rewrite rules. This automation entails several challenges. One major challenge is to select, among many options, rules that are ``natural'' from a semantic perspective (e.g., corresponding to closely related and syntactically complete concepts). Towards that, we study a machine-learning classification approach. The second challenge is to accommodate the cross-query effect of rules---a rule introduced in the context of one query can eliminate the desired results for other queries and the desired effects of other rules. We present a formalization of this challenge as a generic computational problem. As we show that this problem is highly intractable in terms of complexity theory, we present heuristic approaches and optimization thereof. In an experimental study within IBM intranet search, those heuristics achieve near-optimal quality and well scale to large data sets.	Automatic suggestion of query-rewrite rules for enterprise search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Milad Shokouhi:Kira Radinsky	Query auto-completion (QAC) is a common feature in modern search engines. High quality QAC candidates enhance search experience by saving users time that otherwise would be spent on typing each character or word sequentially. Current QAC methods rank suggestions according to their past popularity. However, query popularity changes over time, and the ranking of candidates must be adjusted accordingly. For instance, while halloween might be the right suggestion after typing ha in October, harry potter might be better any other time. Surprisingly, despite the importance of QAC as a key feature in most online search engines, its temporal dynamics have been under-studied. In this paper, we propose a time-sensitive approach for query auto-completion. Instead of ranking candidates according to their past popularity, we apply time-series and rank candidates according their forecasted frequencies. Our experiments on 846K queries and their daily frequencies sampled over a period of 4.5 years show that predicting the popularity of queries solely based on their past frequency can be misleading, and the forecasts obtained by time-series modeling are substantially more reliable. Our results also suggest that modeling the temporal trends of queries can significantly improve the ranking of QAC candidates.	Time-sensitive query auto-completion	NA:NA	2018
Yanen Li:Huizhong Duan:ChengXiang Zhai	Query spelling correction is a crucial component of modern search engines. Existing methods in the literature for search query spelling correction have two major drawbacks. First, they are unable to handle certain important types of spelling errors, such as concatenation and splitting. Second, they cannot efficiently evaluate all the candidate corrections due to the complex form of their scoring functions, and a heuristic filtering step must be applied to select a working set of top-K most promising candidates for final scoring, leading to non-optimal predictions. In this paper we address both limitations and propose a novel generalized Hidden Markov Model with discriminative training that can not only handle all the major types of spelling errors, including splitting and concatenation errors, in a single unified framework, but also efficiently evaluate all the candidate corrections to ensure the finding of a globally optimal correction. Experiments on two query spelling correction datasets demonstrate that the proposed generalized HMM is effective for correcting multiple types of spelling errors. The results also show that it significantly outperforms the current approach for generating top-K candidate corrections, making it a better first-stage filter to enable any other complex spelling correction algorithm to have access to a better working set of candidate corrections as well as to cover splitting and concatenation errors, which no existing method in academic literature can correct.	A generalized hidden Markov model with discriminative training for query spelling correction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Craig Macdonald:Nicola Tonellotto:Iadh Ounis	Dynamic pruning strategies permit efficient retrieval by not fully scoring all postings of the documents matching a query -- without degrading the retrieval effectiveness of the top-ranked results. However, the amount of pruning achievable for a query can vary, resulting in queries taking different amounts of time to execute. Knowing in advance the execution time of queries would permit the exploitation of online algorithms to schedule queries across replicated servers in order to minimise the average query waiting and completion times. In this work, we investigate the impact of dynamic pruning strategies on query response times, and propose a framework for predicting the efficiency of a query. Within this framework, we analyse the accuracy of several query efficiency predictors across 10,000 queries submitted to in-memory inverted indices of a 50-million-document Web crawl. Our results show that combining multiple efficiency predictors with regression can accurately predict the response time of a query before it is executed. Moreover, using the efficiency predictors to facilitate online scheduling algorithms can result in a 22% reduction in the mean waiting time experienced by queries before execution, and a 7% reduction in the mean completion time experienced by users.	Learning to predict response times for online query scheduling	NA:NA:NA	2018
Simon Jonassen:B. Barla Cambazoglu:Fabrizio Silvestri	We investigate the impact of query result prefetching on the efficiency and effectiveness of web search engines. We propose offline and online strategies for selecting and ordering queries whose results are to be prefetched. The offline strategies rely on query log analysis and the queries are selected from the queries issued on the previous day. The online strategies select the queries from the result cache, relying on a machine learning model that estimates the arrival times of queries. We carefully evaluate the proposed prefetching techniques via simulation on a query log obtained from Yahoo! web search. We demonstrate that our strategies are able to improve various performance metrics, including the hit rate, query response time, result freshness, and query degradation rate, relative to a state-of-the-art baseline.	Prefetching query results and its impact on search engines	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiao Bai:Flavio P. Junqueira	Caches of results are critical components of modern Web search engines, since they enable lower response time to frequent queries and reduce the load to the search engine backend. Results in long-lived cache entries may become stale, however, as search engines continuously update their index to incorporate changes to the Web. Consequently, it is important to provide mechanisms that control the degree of staleness of cached results, ideally enabling the search engine to always return fresh results. In this paper, we present a new mechanism that identifies and invalidates query results that have become stale in the cache online. The basic idea is to evaluate at query time and against recent changes if cache hits have had their results have changed. For enhancing invalidation efficiency, the generation time of cached queries and their chronological order with respect to the latest index update are used to early prune unaffected queries. We evaluate the proposed approach using documents that change over time and query logs of the Yahoo! search engine. We show that the proposed approach ensures good query results (50% fewer stale results) and high invalidation accuracy (90% fewer unnecessary invalidations) compared to a baseline approach that makes invalidation decisions off-line. More importantly, the proposed approach induces less processing overhead, ensuring an average throughput 73% higher than that of the baseline approach.	Online result cache invalidation for real-time web search	NA:NA	2018
Liangjie Hong:Ron Bekkerman:Joseph Adler:Brian D. Davison	As online social media further integrates deeper into our lives, we spend more time consuming social update streams that come from our online connections. Although social update streams provide a tremendous opportunity for us to access information on-the-fly, we often complain about its relevance. Some of us are flooded with a steady stream of information and simply cannot process it in full. Ranking the incoming content becomes the only solution for the overwhelmed users. For some others, in contrast, the incoming information stream is pretty weak, and they have to actively search for relevant information which is quite tedious. For these users, augmenting their incoming content flow with relevant information from outside their first-degree network would be a viable solution. In that case, the problem of relevance becomes even more prominent. In this paper, we start an open discussion on how to build effective systems for ranking social updates from a unique perspective of LinkedIn -- the largest professional network in the world. More specifically, we address this problem as an intersection of learning to rank, collaborative filtering, and clickthrough modeling, while leveraging ideas from information retrieval and recommender systems. We propose a novel probabilistic latent factor model with regressions on explicit features and compare it with a number of non-trivial baselines. In addition to demonstrating superior performance of our model, we shed some light on the nature of social updates on LinkedIn and how users interact with them, which might be applicable to social update streams in general.	Learning to rank social update streams	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kailong Chen:Tianqi Chen:Guoqing Zheng:Ou Jin:Enpeng Yao:Yong Yu	Twitter has rapidly grown to a popular social network in recent years and provides a large number of real-time messages for users. Tweets are presented in chronological order and users scan the followees' timelines to find what they are interested in. However, an information overload problem has troubled many users, especially those with many followees and thousands of tweets arriving every day. In this paper, we focus on recommending useful tweets that users are really interested in personally to reduce the users' effort to find useful information. Many kinds of information on Twitter are available for helping recommendation, including the user's own tweet history, retweet history and social relations between users. We propose a method of making tweet recommendations based on collaborative ranking to capture personal interests. It can also conveniently integrate the other useful contextual information. Our final method considers three major elements on Twitter: tweet topic level factors, user social relation factors and explicit features such as authority of the publisher and quality of the tweet. The experiments show that all the proposed elements are important and our method greatly outperforms several baseline methods.	Collaborative personalized tweet recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mao Ye:Xingjie Liu:Wang-Chien Lee	Social friendship has been shown beneficial for item recommendation for years. However, existing approaches mostly incorporate social friendship into recommender systems by heuristics. In this paper, we argue that social influence between friends can be captured quantitatively and propose a probabilistic generative model, called social influenced selection(SIS), to model the decision making of item selection (e.g., what book to buy or where to dine). Based on SIS, we mine the social influence between linked friends and the personal preferences of users through statistical inference. To address the challenges arising from multiple layers of hidden factors in SIS, we develop a new parameter learning algorithm based on expectation maximization (EM). Moreover, we show that the mined social influence and user preferences are valuable for group recommendation and viral marketing. Finally, we conduct a comprehensive performance evaluation using real datasets crawled from last.fm and whrrl.com to validate our proposal. Experimental results show that social influence captured based on our SIS model is effective for enhancing both item recommendation and group recommendation, essential for viral marketing, and useful for various user analysis.	Exploring social influence for recommendation: a generative model approach	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chao Zhang:Lidan Shou:Ke Chen:Gang Chen	The wide proliferation of powerful smart phones equipped with multiple sensors, 3D graphical engine, and 3G connection has nurtured the creation of a new spectrum of visual mobile applications. These applications require novel data retrieval techniques which we call What-You-Retrieve-Is-What-You-See (WYRIWYS). However, state-of-the-art spatial retrieval methods are mostly distance-based and thus inapplicable for supporting WYRIWYS. Motivated by this problem, we propose a novel query called spatio-visual keyword (SVK) query, to support retrieving spatial Web objects that are both visually conspicuous and semantically relevant to the user. To capture the visual features of spatial Web objects with extents, we introduce a novel visibility metric which computes object visibility in a cumulative manner. We propose an incremental method called Complete Occlusion-map based Retrieval (COR) to answer SVK queries. This method exploits effective heuristics to prune the search space and construct a data structure called Occlusion-Map. Then the method adopts the best-first strategy to return relevant objects incrementally. Extensive experiments on real and synthetic data sets suggest that our method is effective and efficient when processing SVK queries.	See-to-retrieve: efficient processing of spatio-visual keyword queries	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Claudia Hauff:Geert-Jan Houben	Estimating the geographic location of images is a task which has received increasing attention recently. Large numbers of images uploaded to platforms such as Flickr do not contain GPS-based latitude/longitude coordinates. Obtaining such geographic information is beneficial for a variety of applications including travelogues, visual place descriptions and personalized travel recommendations. While most works in this area only exploit an image's textual meta-data (tags, title, etc.) to estimate at what geographic location the image was taken, we consider an additional textual dimension: the image owner's traces on the social Web. Specifically, we hypothesize that information extracted from a person's microblog stream(s) can be utilized to improve the accuracy with which the geographic location of the images is estimated. In this paper, we investigate this hypothesis on the example of Twitter streams and find it to be confirmed. The median error distance in kilometres decreases by up to 67% in comparison to existing state-of-the-art. The best results are achieved when tweets that were posted up to two days before and after an image was taken are considered. Moreover, we also find another type of additional information useful: population density data.	Placing images on the world map: a microblog-based enrichment approach	NA:NA	2018
Yu-Heng Lei:Yan-Ying Chen:Bor-Chun Chen:Lime Iida:Winston H. Hsu	The ubiquitous availability of digital cameras has made it easier than ever to capture moments of life, especially the ones accompanied with friends and family. It is generally believed that most family photos are with faces that are sparsely tagged. Therefore, a better solution to manage and search in the tremendously growing personal or group photos is highly anticipated. In this paper, we propose a novel way to search for face photos by simultaneously considering attributes (e.g., gender, age, and race), positions, and sizes of the target faces. To better match the content and layout of the multiple faces in mind, our system allows the user to graphically specify the face positions and sizes on a query "canvas," where each attribute combination is defined as an icon for easier representation. As a secondary feature, the user can even place specific faces from the previous search results for appearance-based retrieval. The scenario has been realized on a tablet device with an intuitive touch interface. Experimenting with a large-scale Flickr dataset of more than 200k faces, the proposed formulation and joint ranking have made us achieve a hit rate of 0.420 at rank 100, significantly improving from 0.036 of the prior search scheme using attributes alone. We have also achieved an average running time of 0.0558 second by the proposed block-based indexing approach.	Where is who: large-scale photo retrieval by facial attributes and canvas layout	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Adam Rae:Vanessa Murdock:Adrian Popescu:Hugues Bouchard	A point of interest (POI) is a focused geographic entity such as a landmark, a school, an historical building, or a business. Points of interest are the basis for most of the data supporting location-based applications. In this paper we propose to curate POIs from online sources by bootstrapping training data from Web snippets, seeded by POIs gathered from social media. This large corpus is used to train a sequential tagger to recognize mentions of POIs in text. Using Wikipedia data as the training data, we can identify POIs in free text with an accuracy that is 116% better than the state of the art POI identifier in terms of precision, and 50% better in terms of recall. We show that using Foursquare and Gowalla checkins as seeds to bootstrap training data from Web snippets, we can improve precision between 16% and 52%, and recall between 48% and 187% over the state-of-the-art. The name of a POI is not sufficient, as the POI must also be associated with a set of geographic coordinates. Our method increases the number of POIs that can be localized nearly three-fold, from 134 to 395 in a sample of 400, with a median localization accuracy of less than one kilometer.	Mining the web for points of interest	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chenliang Li:Jianshu Weng:Qi He:Yuxia Yao:Anwitaman Datta:Aixin Sun:Bu-Sung Lee	Many private and/or public organizations have been reported to create and monitor targeted Twitter streams to collect and understand users' opinions about the organizations. Targeted Twitter stream is usually constructed by filtering tweets with user-defined selection criteria e.g. tweets published by users from a selected region, or tweets that match one or more predefined keywords. Targeted Twitter stream is then monitored to collect and understand users' opinions about the organizations. There is an emerging need for early crisis detection and response with such target stream. Such applications require a good named entity recognition (NER) system for Twitter, which is able to automatically discover emerging named entities that is potentially linked to the crisis. In this paper, we present a novel 2-step unsupervised NER system for targeted Twitter stream, called TwiNER. In the first step, it leverages on the global context obtained from Wikipedia and Web N-Gram corpus to partition tweets into valid segments (phrases) using a dynamic programming algorithm. Each such tweet segment is a candidate named entity. It is observed that the named entities in the targeted stream usually exhibit a gregarious property, due to the way the targeted stream is constructed. In the second step, TwiNER constructs a random walk model to exploit the gregarious property in the local context derived from the Twitter stream. The highly-ranked segments have a higher chance of being true named entities. We evaluated TwiNER on two sets of real-life tweets simulating two targeted streams. Evaluated using labeled ground truth, TwiNER achieves comparable performance as with conventional approaches in both streams. Various settings of TwiNER have also been examined to verify our global context + local context combo idea.	TwiNER: named entity recognition in targeted twitter stream	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael D. Lieberman:Hanan Samet	News sources around the world generate constant streams of information, but effective streaming news retrieval requires an intimate understanding of the geographic content of news. This process of understanding, known as geotagging, consists of first finding words in article text that correspond to location names (toponyms), and second, assigning each toponym its correct lat/long values. The latter step, called toponym resolution, can also be considered a classification problem, where each of the possible interpretations for each toponym is classified as correct or incorrect. Hence, techniques from supervised machine learning can be applied to improve accuracy. New classification features to improve toponym resolution, termed adaptive context features, are introduced that consider a window of context around each toponym, and use geographic attributes of toponyms in the window to aid in their correct resolution. Adaptive parameters controlling the window's breadth and depth afford flexibility in managing a tradeoff between feature computation speed and resolution accuracy, allowing the features to potentially apply to a variety of textual domains. Extensive experiments with three large datasets of streaming news demonstrate the new features' effectiveness over two widely-used competing methods.	Adaptive context features for toponym resolution in streaming news	NA:NA	2018
Aliaksei Severyn:Alessandro Moschitti	Supervised learning applied to answer re-ranking can highly improve on the overall accuracy of question answering (QA) systems. The key aspect is that the relationships and properties of the question/answer pair composed of a question and the supporting passage of an answer candidate, can be efficiently compared with those captured by the learnt model. In this paper, we define novel supervised approaches that exploit structural relationships between a question and their candidate answer passages to learn a re-ranking model. We model structural representations of both questions and answers and their mutual relationships by just using an off-the-shelf shallow syntactic parser. We encode structures in Support Vector Machines (SVMs) by means of sequence and tree kernels, which can implicitly represent question and answer pairs in huge feature spaces. Such models together with the latest approach to fast kernel-based learning enabled the training of our rerankers on hundreds of thousands of instances, which previously rendered intractable for kernelized SVMs. The results on two different QA datasets, e.g., Answerbag and Jeopardy! data, show that our models deliver large improvement on passage re-ranking tasks, reducing the error in Recall of BM25 baseline by about 18%. One of the key findings of this work is that, despite its simplicity, shallow syntactic trees allow for learning complex relational structures, which exhibits a steep learning curve with the increase in the training size.	Structural relationships for large-scale learning of answer re-ranking	NA:NA	2018
Shuzi Niu:Jiafeng Guo:Yanyan Lan:Xueqi Cheng	In this paper, we propose a novel top-k learning to rank framework, which involves labeling strategy, ranking model and evaluation measure. The motivation comes from the difficulty in obtaining reliable relevance judgments from human assessors when applying learning to rank in real search systems. The traditional absolute relevance judgment method is difficult in both gradation specification and human assessing, resulting in high level of disagreement on judgments. While the pairwise preference judgment, as a good alternative, is often criticized for increasing the complexity of judgment from O(n) to (n log n). Considering the fact that users mainly care about top ranked search results, we propose a novel top-k labeling strategy which adopts the pairwise preference judgment to generate the top k ordering items from n documents (i.e. top-k ground-truth) in a manner similar to that of HeapSort. As a result, the complexity of judgment is reduced to O(n log k). With the top-k ground-truth, traditional ranking models (e.g. pairwise or listwise models) and evaluation measures (e.g. NDCG) no longer fit the data set. Therefore, we introduce a new ranking model, namely FocusedRank, which fully captures the characteristics of the top-k ground-truth. We also extend the widely used evaluation measures NDCG and ERR to be applicable to the top-k ground-truth, referred as κ-NDCG and κ-ERR, respectively. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments on benchmark data collections to demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our top-k labeling strategy and ranking models.	Top-k learning to rank: labeling, ranking and evaluation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lidan Wang:Paul N. Bennett:Kevyn Collins-Thompson	Many techniques for improving search result quality have been proposed. Typically, these techniques increase average effectiveness by devising advanced ranking features and/or by developing sophisticated learning to rank algorithms. However, while these approaches typically improve average performance of search results relative to simple baselines, they often ignore the important issue of robustness. That is, although achieving an average gain overall, the new models often hurt performance on many queries. This limits their application in real-world retrieval scenarios. Given that robustness is an important measure that can negatively impact user satisfaction, we present a unified framework for jointly optimizing effectiveness and robustness. We propose an objective that captures the tradeoff between these two competing measures and demonstrate how we can jointly optimize for these two measures in a principled learning framework. Experiments indicate that ranking models learned this way significantly decreased the worst ranking failures while maintaining strong average effectiveness on par with current state-of-the-art models.	Robust ranking models via risk-sensitive optimization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fei Xu:Zongcheng Ji:Bin Wang	Question recommendation that automatically recommends a new question to suitable users to answer is an appealing and challenging problem in the research area of Community Question Answering (CQA). Unlike in general recommender systems where a user has only a single role, each user in CQA can play two different roles (dual roles) simultaneously: as an asker and as an answerer. To the best of our knowledge, this paper is the first to systematically investigate the distinctions between the two roles and their different influences on the performance of question recommendation in CQA. Moreover, we propose a Dual Role Model (DRM) to model the dual roles of users effectively. With different indepen-dence assumptions, two variants of DRM are achieved. Finally, we present the DRM based approach to question recommendation which provides a mechanism for naturally integrating the user relation between the answerer and the asker with the content re-levance between the answerer and the question into a uni-fied probabilistic framework. Experiments using a real-world data crawled from Yahoo! Answers show that: (1) there are evident distinctions between the two roles of users in CQA. Additionally, the answerer role is more effective than the asker role for modeling candidate users in question recommendation; (2) compared with baselines utilizing a single role or blended roles based methods, our DRM based approach consistently and significantly improves the performance of question recommendation, demonstrating that our approach can model the user in CQA more reasonably and precisely.	Dual role model for question recommendation in community question answering	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bee-Chung Chen:Anirban Dasgupta:Xuanhui Wang:Jie Yang	User votes are important signals in community question-answering (CQA) systems. Many features of typical CQA systems, e.g. the best answer to a question, status of a user, are dependent on ratings or votes cast by the community. In a popular CQA site, Yahoo! Answers, users vote for the best answers to their questions and can also thumb up or down each individual answer. Prior work has shown that these votes provide useful predictors for content quality and user expertise, where each vote is usually assumed to carry the same weight as others. In this paper, we analyze a set of possible factors that indicate bias in user voting behavior -- these factors encompass different gaming behavior, as well as other eccentricities, e.g., votes to show appreciation of answerers. These observations suggest that votes need to be calibrated before being used to identify good answers or experts. To address this problem, we propose a general machine learning framework to calibrate such votes. Through extensive experiments based on an editorially judged CQA dataset, we show that our supervised learning method of content-agnostic vote calibration can significantly improve the performance of answer ranking and expert ranking.	Vote calibration in community question-answering systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Quan Yuan:Gao Cong:Aixin Sun:Chin-Yew Lin:Nadia Magnenat Thalmann	Category hierarchies often evolve at a much slower pace than the documents reside in. With newly available documents kept adding into a hierarchy, new topics emerge and documents within the same category become less topically cohesive. In this paper, we propose a novel automatic approach to modifying a given category hierarchy by redistributing its documents into more topically cohesive categories. The modification is achieved with three operations (namely, sprout, merge, and assign) with reference to an auxiliary hierarchy for additional semantic information; the auxiliary hierarchy covers a similar set of topics as the hierarchy to be modified. Our user study shows that the modified category hierarchy is semantically meaningful. As an extrinsic evaluation, we conduct experiments on document classification using real data from Yahoo! Answers and AnswerBag hierarchies, and compare the classification accuracies obtained on the original and the modified hierarchies. Our experiments show that the proposed method achieves much larger classification accuracy improvement compared with several baseline methods for hierarchy modification.	Category hierarchy maintenance: a data-driven approach	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qiaoling Liu:Eugene Agichtein:Gideon Dror:Yoelle Maarek:Idan Szpektor	While Web search has become increasingly effective over the last decade, for many users' needs the required answers may be spread across many documents, or may not exist on the Web at all. Yet, many of these needs could be addressed by asking people via popular Community Question Answering (CQA) services, such as Baidu Knows, Quora, or Yahoo! Answers. In this paper, we perform the first large-scale analysis of how searchers become askers. For this, we study the logs of a major web search engine to trace the transformation of a large number of failed searches into questions posted on a popular CQA site. Specifically, we analyze the characteristics of the queries, and of the patterns of search behavior that precede posting a question; the relationship between the content of the attempted queries and of the posted questions; and the subsequent actions the user performs on the CQA site. Our work develops novel insights into searcher intent and behavior that lead to asking questions to the community, providing a foundation for more effective integration of automated web search and social information seeking.	When web search fails, searchers become askers: understanding the transition	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Makoto P. Kato:Hiroaki Ohshima:Katsumi Tanaka	We introduce the problem of domain adaptation for content-based retrieval and propose a domain adaptation method based on relative aggregation points (RAPs). Content-based retrieval including image retrieval and spoken document retrieval enables a user to input examples as a query, and retrieves relevant data based on the similarity to the examples. However, input examples and relevant data can be dissimilar, especially when domains from which the user selects examples and from which the system retrieves data are different. In content-based geographic object retrieval, for example, suppose that a user who lives in Beijing visits Kyoto, Japan, and wants to search for relatively inexpensive restaurants serving popular local dishes by means of a content-based retrieval system. Since such restaurants in Beijing and Kyoto are dissimilar due to the difference in the average cost and areas' popular dishes, it is difficult to find relevant restaurants in Kyoto based on examples selected in Beijing. We propose a solution for this problem by assuming that RAPs in different domains correspond, which may be dissimilar but play the same role. A RAP is defined as the expectation of instances in a domain that are classified into a certain class, e.g. the most expensive restaurant, average restaurant, and restaurant serving the most popular dishes. Our proposed method constructs a new feature space based on RAPs estimated in each domain and bridges the domain difference for improving content-based retrieval in heterogeneous domains. To verify the effectiveness of our proposed method, we evaluated various methods with a test collection developed for content-based geographic object retrieval. Experimental results show that our proposed method achieved significant improvements over baseline methods. Moreover, we observed that the search performance of content-based retrieval in heterogeneous domains was significantly lower than that in homogeneous domains. This finding suggests that relevant data for the same search intent depend on the search context, that is, the location where the user searches and the domain from which the system retrieves data.	Content-based retrieval for heterogeneous domains: domain adaptation by relative aggregation points	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dzung Hong:Luo Si	Result merging is an important research problem in federated search for merging documents retrieved from multiple ranked lists of selected information sources into a single list. The state-of-the-art result merging algorithms such as Semi-Supervised Learning (SSL) and Sample-Agglomerate Fitting Estimate (SAFE) try to map document scores retrieved from different sources to comparable scores according to a single centralized retrieval algorithm for ranking those documents. Both SSL and SAFE arbitrarily select a single centralized retrieval algorithm for generating comparable document scores, which is problematic in a heterogeneous federated search environment, since a single centralized algorithm is often suboptimal for different information sources. Based on this observation, this paper proposes a novel approach for result merging by utilizing multiple centralized retrieval algorithms. One simple approach is to learn a set of combination weights for multiple centralized retrieval algorithms (e.g., logistic regression) to compute comparable document scores. The paper shows that this simple approach generates suboptimal results as it is not flexible enough to deal with heterogeneous information sources. A mixture probabilistic model is thus proposed to learn more appropriate combination weights with respect to different types of information sources with some training data. An extensive set of experiments on three datasets have proven the effectiveness of the proposed new approach.	Mixture model with multiple centralized retrieval algorithms for result merging in federated search	NA:NA	2018
Flavio P. Junqueira:Vincent Leroy:Matthieu Morel	Distributed search engines comprise multiple sites deployed across geographically distant regions, each site being specialized to serve the queries of local users. When a search site cannot accurately compute the results of a query, it must forward the query to other sites. This paper considers the problem of selecting the documents indexed by each site focusing on replication to increase the fraction of queries processed locally. We propose RIP, an algorithm for replicating documents and posting lists that is practical and has two important features. RIP evaluates user interests in an online fashion and uses only local data of a site. Being an online approach simplifies the operational complexity, while locality enables higher performance when processing queries and documents. The decision procedure, on top of being online and local, incorporates document popularity and user queries, which is critical when assuming a replication budget for each site. Having a replication budget reflects the hardware constraints of any given site. We evaluate RIP against the approach of replicating popular documents statically, and show that we achieve significant gains, while having the additional benefit of supporting incremental indexes.	Reactive index replication for distributed search engines	NA:NA:NA	2018
David Vallet:Pablo Castells	Search personalization and diversification are often seen as opposing alternatives to cope with query uncertainty, where, given an ambiguous query, it is either preferable to adapt the search result to a specific aspect that may interest the user (personalization) or to regard multiple aspects in order to maximize the probability that some query aspect is relevant to the user (diversification). In this work, we question this antagonistic view, and hypothesize that these two directions may in fact be effectively combined and enhance each other. We research the introduction of the user as an explicit random variable in state of the art diversification methods, thus developing a generalized framework for personalized diversification. In order to evaluate our hypothesis, we conduct an evaluation with real users using crowdsourcing services. The obtained results suggest that the combination of personalization and diversification achieves competitive performance, improving the base-line, plain personalization, and plain diversification approaches in terms of both diversity and accuracy measures.	Personalized diversification of search results	NA:NA	2018
Jiyin He:Vera Hollink:Arjen de Vries	Result diversification deals with ambiguous or multi-faceted queries by providing documents that cover as many subtopics of a query as possible. Various approaches to subtopic modeling have been proposed. Subtopics have been extracted internally, e.g., from retrieved documents, and externally, e.g., from Web resources such as query logs. Internally modeled subtopics are often implicitly represented, e.g., as latent topics, while externally modeled subtopics are often explicitly represented, e.g., as reformulated queries. We propose a framework that: i)combines both implicitly and explicitly represented subtopics; and ii)allows flexible combination of multiple external resources in a transparent and unified manner. Specifically, we use a random walk based approach to estimate the similarities of the explicit subtopics mined from a number of heterogeneous resources: click logs, anchor text, and web n-grams. We then use these similarities to regularize the latent topics extracted from the top-ranked documents, i.e., the internal (implicit) subtopics. Empirical results show that regularization with explicit subtopics extracted from the right resource leads to improved diversification results, indicating that the proposed regularization with (explicit) external resources forms better (implicit) topic models. Click logs and anchor text are shown to be more effective resources than web n-grams under current experimental settings. Combining resources does not always lead to better results, but achieves a robust performance. This robustness is important for two reasons: it cannot be predicted which resources will be most effective for a given query, and it is not yet known how to reliably determine the optimal model parameters for building implicit topic models.	Combining implicit and explicit topic representations for result diversification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Praveen Chandar:Ben Carterette	There has been considerable interest in incorporating diversity in search results to account for redundancy and the space of possible user needs. Most work on this problem is based on subtopics: diversity rankers score documents against a set of hypothesized subtopics, and diversity rankings are evaluated by assigning a value to each ranked document based on the number of novel (and redundant) subtopics it is relevant to. This can be seen as modeling a user who is always interested in seeing more novel subtopics, with progressively decreasing interest in seeing the same subtopic multiple times. We put this model to test: if it is correct, then users, when given a choice, should prefer to see a document that has more value to the evaluation. We formulate some specific hypotheses from this model and test them with actual users in a novel preference-based design in which users express a preference for document A or document B given document C. We argue that while the user study shows the subtopic model is good, there are many other factors apart from novelty and redundancy that may be influencing user preferences. From this, we introduce a new framework to construct an ideal diversity ranking using only preference judgments, with no explicit subtopic judgments whatsoever.	Using preference judgments for novel document retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Carsten Eickhoff:Christopher G. Harris:Arjen P. de Vries:Padmini Srinivasan	Crowdsourcing is a market of steadily-growing importance upon which both academia and industry increasingly rely. However, this market appears to be inherently infested with a significant share of malicious workers who try to maximise their profits through cheating or sloppiness. This serves to undermine the very merits crowdsourcing has come to represent. Based on previous experience as well as psychological insights, we propose the use of a game in order to attract and retain a larger share of reliable workers to frequently-requested crowdsourcing tasks such as relevance assessments and clustering. In a large-scale comparative study conducted using recent TREC data, we investigate the performance of traditional HIT designs and a game-based alternative that is able to achieve high quality at significantly lower pay rates, facing fewer malicious submissions.	Quality through flow and immersion: gamifying crowdsourced relevance assessments	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rishiraj Saha Roy:Niloy Ganguly:Monojit Choudhury:Srivatsan Laxman	This paper presents the first evaluation framework for Web search query segmentation based directly on IR performance. In the past, segmentation strategies were mainly validated against manual annotations. Our work shows that the goodness of a segmentation algorithm as judged through evaluation against a handful of human annotated segmentations hardly reflects its effectiveness in an IR-based setup. In fact, state-of the-art algorithms are shown to perform as good as, and sometimes even better than human annotations a fact masked by previous validations. The proposed framework also provides us an objective understanding of the gap between the present best and the best possible segmentation algorithm. We draw these conclusions based on an extensive evaluation of six segmentation strategies, including three most recent algorithms, vis-a-vis segmentations from three human annotators. The evaluation framework also gives insights about which segments should be necessarily detected by an algorithm for achieving the best retrieval results. The meticulously constructed dataset used in our experiments has been made public for use by the research community.	An IR-based evaluation framework for web search query segmentation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephen E. Robertson:Evangelos Kanoulas	We explore the notion, put forward by Cormack & Lynam and Robertson, that we should consider a document collection used for Cranfield-style experiments as a sample from some larger population of documents. In this view, any per-topic metric (such as average precision) should be regarded as an estimate of that metric's true value for that topic in the full population, and therefore as carrying its own per-topic variance or estimate precision or noise. As in the two mentioned papers, we explore this notion by simulating other samples from the same large population. We investigate different ways of performing this simulation. One use of this analysis is to refine the notion of statistical significance of a difference between two systems (in most such analyses, each per-topic measurement is treated as equally precise). We propose a mixed-effects model method to measure significance, and compare it experimentally with the traditional t-test.	On per-topic variance in IR evaluation	NA:NA	2018
Mehdi Hosseini:Ingemar J. Cox:Natasa Milic-Frayling:Milad Shokouhi:Emine Yilmaz	We propose a mathematical framework for query selection as a mechanism for reducing the cost of constructing information retrieval test collections. In particular, our mathematical formulation explicitly models the uncertainty in the retrieval effectiveness metrics that is introduced by the absence of relevance judgments. Since the optimization problem is computationally intractable, we devise an adaptive query selection algorithm, referred to as Adaptive, that provides an approximate solution. Adaptive selects queries iteratively and assumes that no relevance judgments are available for the query under consideration. Once a query is selected, the associated relevance assessments are acquired and then used to aid the selection of subsequent queries. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the algorithm on two TREC test collections as well as a test collection of an online search engine with 1000 queries. Our experimental results show that the queries chosen by Adaptive produce reliable performance ranking of systems. The ranking is better correlated with the actual systems ranking than the rankings produced by queries that were selected using the considered baseline methods.	An uncertainty-aware query selection model for evaluation of IR systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Miles Efron:Peter Organisciak:Katrina Fenlon	Collections containing a large number of short documents are becoming increasingly common. As these collections grow in number and size, providing effective retrieval of brief texts presents a significant research problem. We propose a novel approach to improving information retrieval (IR) for short texts based on aggressive document expansion. Starting from the hypothesis that short documents tend to be about a single topic, we submit documents as pseudo-queries and analyze the results to learn about the documents themselves. Document expansion helps in this context because short documents yield little in the way of term frequency information. However, as we show, the proposed technique helps us model not only lexical properties, but also temporal properties of documents. We present experimental results using a corpus of microblog (Twitter) data and a corpus of metadata records from a federated digital library. With respect to established baselines, results of these experiments show that applying our proposed document expansion method yields significant improvements in effectiveness. Specifically, our method improves the lexical representation of documents and the ability to let time influence retrieval.	Improving retrieval of short texts through document expansion	NA:NA:NA	2018
Roi Blanco:Paolo Boldi	Traditional probabilistic relevance frameworks for informational retrieval refrain from taking positional information into account, due to the hurdles of developing a sound model while avoiding an explosion in the number of parameters. Nonetheless, the well-known BM25F extension of the successful Okapi ranking function can be seen as an embryonic attempt in that direction. In this paper, we proceed along the same line, defining the notion of virtual region: a virtual region is a part of the document that, like a BM25F-field, can provide a (larger or smaller, depending on a tunable weighting parameter) evidence of relevance of the document; differently from BM25F fields, though, virtual regions are generated implicitly by applying suitable (usually, but not necessarily, positional-aware) operators to the query. This technique fits nicely in the eliteness model behind BM25 and provides a principled explanation to BM25F; it specializes to BM25(F) for some trivial operators, but has a much more general appeal. Our experiments (both on standard collections, such as TREC, and on Web-like repertoires) show that the use of virtual regions is beneficial for retrieval effectiveness.	Extending BM25 with multiple query operators	NA:NA	2018
Christina Lioma:Birger Larsen:Wei Lu	Typically, every part in most coherent text has some plausible reason for its presence, some function that it performs to the overall semantics of the text. Rhetorical relations, e.g. contrast, cause, explanation, describe how the parts of a text are linked to each other. Knowledge about this so-called discourse structure has been applied successfully to several natural language processing tasks. This work studies the use of rhetorical relations for Information Retrieval (IR): Is there a correlation between certain rhetorical relations and retrieval performance? Can knowledge about a document's rhetorical relations be useful to IR? We present a language model modification that considers rhetorical relations when estimating the relevance of a document to a query. Empirical evaluation of different versions of our model on TREC settings shows that certain rhetorical relations can benefit retrieval effectiveness notably (>10% in mean average precision over a state-of-the-art baseline).	Rhetorical relations for information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Bendersky:W. Bruce Croft	Many of the recent, and more effective, retrieval models have incorporated dependencies between the terms in the query. In this paper, we advance this query representation one step further, and propose a retrieval framework that models higher-order term dependencies, i.e., dependencies between arbitrary query concepts rather than just query terms. In order to model higher-order term dependencies, we represent a query using a hypergraph structure -- a generalization of a graph, where a (hyper)edge connects an arbitrary subset of vertices. A vertex in a query hypergraph corresponds to an individual query concept, and a dependency between a subset of these vertices is modeled through a hyperedge. An extensive empirical evaluation using both newswire and web corpora demonstrates that query representation using hypergraphs is highly beneficial for verbose natural language queries. For these queries, query hypergraphs significantly improve the retrieval effectiveness of several state-of-the-art models that do not employ higher-order term dependencies.	Modeling higher-order term dependencies in information retrieval using query hypergraphs	NA:NA	2018
Yuan Fang:Bo-June (Paul) Hsu:Kevin Chen-Chuan Chang	Conventional classification methods tend to focus on features of individual objects, while missing out on potentially valuable pairwise features that capture the relationships between objects. Although recent developments on graph regularization exploit this aspect, existing works generally assume only a single kind of pairwise feature, which is often insufficient. We observe that multiple, heterogeneous pairwise features can often complement each other and are generally more robust in modeling the relationships between objects. Furthermore, as some objects are easier to classify than others, objects with higher initial classification confidence should be weighed more towards classifying related but more ambiguous objects, an observation missing from previous graph regularization techniques. In this paper, we propose a Dirichlet-based regularization framework that supports the combination of heterogeneous pairwise features with confidence-aware prediction using limited labeled training data. Next, we showcase a few applications of our framework in information retrieval, focusing on the problem of query intent classification. Finally, we demonstrate through a series of experiments the advantages of our framework on a large-scale real-world dataset.	Confidence-aware graph regularization with heterogeneous pairwise features	NA:NA:NA	2018
Giacomo Berardi:Andrea Esuli:Fabrizio Sebastiani	In Semi-Automated Text Classification (SATC) an automatic classifier F labels a set of unlabelled documents D, following which a human annotator inspects (and corrects when appropriate) the labels attributed by F to a subset D' of D, with the aim of improving the overall quality of the labelling. An automated system can support this process by ranking the automatically labelled documents in a way that maximizes the expected increase in effectiveness that derives from inspecting D. An obvious strategy is to rank D so that the documents that F has classified with the lowest confidence are top-ranked. In this work we show that this strategy is suboptimal. We develop a new utility-theoretic ranking method based on the notion of inspection gain, defined as the improvement in classification effectiveness that would derive by inspecting and correcting a given automatically labelled document. We also propose a new effectiveness measure for SATC-oriented ranking methods, based on the expected reduction in classification error brought about by partially inspecting a list generated by a given ranking method. We report the results of experiments showing that, with respect to the baseline method above, and according to the proposed measure, our ranking method can achieve substantially higher expected reductions in classification error.	A utility-theoretic ranking method for semi-automated text classification	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kyosuke Nishida:Takahide Hoshide:Ko Fujimura	We propose a classification model of tweet streams in Twitter, which are representative of document streams whose statistical properties will change over time. Our model solves several problems that hinder the classification of tweets; in particular, the problem that the probabilities of word occurrence change at different rates for different words. Our model switches between two probability estimates based on full and recent data for each word when detecting changes in word probability. This switching enables our model to achieve both accurate learning of stationary words and quick response to bursty words. We then explain how to implement our model by using a word suffix array, which is a full-text search index. Using the word suffix array allows our model to handle the temporal attributes of word n-grams effectively. Experiments on three tweet data sets demonstrate that our model offers statistically significant higher topic-classification accuracy than conventional temporally-aware classification models.	Improving tweet stream classification by detecting changes in word probability	NA:NA:NA	2018
Maik Anderka:Benno Stein:Nedim Lipka	The detection and improvement of low-quality information is a key concern in Web applications that are based on user-generated content; a popular example is the online encyclopedia Wikipedia. Existing research on quality assessment of user-generated content deals with the classification as to whether the content is high-quality or low-quality. This paper goes one step further: it targets the prediction of quality flaws, this way providing specific indications in which respects low-quality content needs improvement. The prediction is based on user-defined cleanup tags, which are commonly used in many Web applications to tag content that has some shortcomings. We apply this approach to the English Wikipedia, which is the largest and most popular user-generated knowledge source on the Web. We present an automatic mining approach to identify the existing cleanup tags, which provides us with a training corpus of labeled Wikipedia articles. We argue that common binary or multiclass classification approaches are ineffective for the prediction of quality flaws and hence cast quality flaw prediction as a one-class classification problem. We develop a quality flaw model and employ a dedicated machine learning approach to predict Wikipedia's most important quality flaws. Since in the Wikipedia setting the acquisition of significant test data is intricate, we analyze the effects of a biased sample selection. In this regard we illustrate the classifier effectiveness as a function of the flaw distribution in order to cope with the unknown (real-world) flaw-specific class imbalances. The flaw prediction performance is evaluated with 10,000 Wikipedia articles that have been tagged with the ten most frequent quality flaws: provided test data with little noise, four flaws can be detected with a precision close to 1.	Predicting quality flaws in user-generated content: the case of wikipedia	NA:NA:NA	2018
Marco Bonzanini	Automatic Document Summarisation plays a central role in the process of providing the user with a quick access to information. Applications range from the generation of news headlines, to the aggregation of opinions extracted from reviews. Traditional topic-based summarisation systems are not always able to capture the sentiments expressed in a review. Major efforts in sentiment analysis have been put in the tasks of mining and classifying reviews according to their polarity. In this research, we investigate the use of summarisation techniques applied to reviews, and we propose a knowledge-based approach to summarisation, in the context of sentiment analysis. The proposed research is focused on three different aspects. Firstly, we investigate the application of summarisation techniques to sentiment classification. Capturing the key passage of a review can be beneficial for both a sentiment classifier, and for a user who could potentially understand the polarity of a review without reading the full text. Secondly, we investigate how to combine knowledge extracted from the reviews or integrated from external sources, with the purpose of producing opinion-oriented summaries. Thirdly, we analyse the possibility of generating personalised (user-oriented or query-biased) opinion-based summaries.	A knowledge-based approach for summarising opinions	NA	2018
Daniel T.J. Backhausen	Most Information Retrieval (IR) software is designed to fit a general user where users are submitting queries and the retrieval system returns a ranked list of results. Regardless of the user, the query always returns the same list of results. Individual aspects like age, gender, profession or experience are often not taken into account, for example the difference in searching between children and adults. Although long challenged by works such as Bates' berrypicking model [1], common systems still assume that the user has a static information need which remains unchanged during the seeking process. Moreover many systems are strongly optimized for lookup searches, expecting that the user is only interested in facts and not in complex problem solving. But in many everyday situations people search for information to gain knowledge which allows them to fulfill a specific work task (e.g., [3]), like answering research questions, investigating for a publication or thesis, comparing different products or learning a language. Such complex tasks can be divided into sub-tasks and generally include multiple exploratory search sessions, in which the user strongly interacts with the system. This is a longitudinal process where the searcher necessarily gathers, collects, aggregates, interprets, processes, and evaluates information objects from one or more sources. In such complex search scenarios all three activities lookup, learn, and investigate are used in conjunction with one another to bridge the users knowledge gap [2]. In each step of this process, the user faces a new situation in which knowledge and information need changes. This inuences the relevance of information objects and may direct the user to different topics, domains, or also tasks. The goal of this research is to effectively assist at fulfilling complex (work) tasks consisting of multi-session exploratory search activities. To achieve this, information retrieval needs personalization and has to close the gaps between the different search sessions. This can be done by enabling the user to collect information objects into a personal reference library and visualizing past search activities in a kind of breadcrumb or time line. Thinking one step further, a personalized IR system (PIR) has to adapt to relevant factors and commit itself to the specific user and the personal search behavior. This means the system needs to guide the user through the searching process, suggesting useful search actions like effective search strategies or query formulations and has to recommend information objects relevant to the work task and the users current situation. Thereby the system has to be aware of the user and specific contextual circumstances. General information about the user like gender or age can be fetched explicitly, allowing to adapt in a more coarse grained way (i.e. decide the way of presenting results based on the user group). Moreover integrating used applications or providing other ways to let the user explicitly manage tasks will help to understand the goal of the users search activities and will provide much better ways of user assistance. To close the gap between user and system, both behavioral and contextual information are necessary. Information about the search behavior and indirectly the users knowledge and expertise can be conveyed by logging (e.g. query logs) and examining system interactions. The fetched data should be made transparent to the user, showing what kind of information has been gathered so far. The implicit information has to be refined with other contextual information collected implicitly from different interfaces or sensors (e.g. time, location) and explicitly by direct user input from e.g. relevance feedback interactions. This will allow a more fine grained way of system adaption and offers new options in assisting the user during the long-term search activities showing personalized search strategies and possible next steps appropriate to the information need and level of experience.	Adaptive IR for exploratory search support	NA	2018
Fiana Raiber	We address a question that has been somewhat overlooked throughout the transition from classical ad hoc retrieval to Web search: how is the performance of classical retrieval approaches affected by the presence of content manipulation? Our initial experiments have shown that the relative performance patterns of some classical retrieval strategies might change in the transition from non-manipulated to manipulated corpora. A natural future venue to explore is how to mix these strategies and make (some of) them more robust under presumed content manipulation conditions.	Adversarial content manipulation effects	NA	2018
Somayeh Khatiban	The term online reputation addresses trust relationships amongst agents in dynamic open systems. These can appear as ratings, recommendations, referrals and feedback. Several reputation models and rating aggregation algorithms have been proposed. However, finding a trusted entity on the web is still an issue as all reputation systems work individually. The aim of this project is to introduce a global reputation system for electronic product reviews that aggregates people's opinions from different resources (e.g. e-commerce websites, and review) with the help federated search techniques and generate a high quality and trusted result. The first step is to choose a range of product review collections from e-commerce review systems (e.g. Amazon), online review sites (e.g. Epinions), social networks (e.g. Facebook), question and answering sites (e.g. Yahoo! Answers), and blog (e.g. My Nokia Blog) resources. By using a federated search approach the query (product name) will be broadcasted to the selected resources and the result will be a list of reputation data with various formats including star rating, text reviews, voting, video, and so on. The focus of this work is on review text data and star ratings. A number of challenges including comparison issues (e.g. scale of star ratings: five-star vs. ten-star), hierarchical reviews (e.g. comments about reviews), choice of resources (e.g. choosing relevant sources deepens upon query), display issue (e.g. easy for the user), generalization issue (e.g. apply it on other domains), synchronization problem (e.g. generate up-to-date results), and high quality and trusted reviews will be addressed. A sentiment analysis approach is subsequently used to extract high quality opinions and inform how to increase trust in the search result. The extracted opinions will be used to generate facets for the global reputation system.	Building reputation and trust using federated search and opinion mining	NA	2018
Si-Chi Chin	A Knowledge Base (KB) stores, organizes, and shares information pertinent to entities (i.e. KB nodes) such as people, organizations, and events. A large KB system, such as Wikipedia, relies on human curators to create and maintain the content in the systems. However, it has become challenging for human curators to sift through the rapidly growing amount of information and filter out the information irrelevant to a KB node. The area of Knowledge Base Enhancement (KBE) aims to explore and identify automatic methods to assist human curators to accelerate the process. KBE can be viewed as a special case of Information Filtering (IF). However, the lack of high-quality labelled data introduces a major challenge to train a satisfying model for the task. Transfer learning provides solutions to the problem and has explored applications in the area of text mining, whereas direct application to KBE or IF remains absent. Transfer learning is a research area in machine learning, emphasizing the reuse of previously acquired knowledge to another applicable task. The method is particularly useful in the situations where labeled instances are absent or difficult to obtain. To accelerate the growth of a KB, a transfer learning approach enables leveraging the heuristics and models learned from one KB node to another. For example, reusing the learned filtering models from Willie Nelson, a famous country singer, to Eddie Rabbitt, another country singer. Transfer learning requires three components: the target task (e.g. the problem to be solved), the source task(s) (e.g. auxiliary data, previously studied problem), and criteria to select appropriate source tasks. The objectives of my dissertation are twofold. First, it explores methods to identify informative source nodes from which to transfer. Second, it constructs a knowledge transfer network to represent the transfer learning relationship between KB nodes. This proposed research applies a transfer learning method -- Segmented Transfer (ST) -- and a knowledge representation -- Knowledge Transfer Network (KTN) -- to approach the area of KBE. The primary research questions include: What are the transferable objects in information filtering algorithms? What are the KB nodes of high transferability? What are the factors that determine the transfer learning relationship? Does it manifest on a knowledge transfer network representation? This interdisciplinary research crosses the study area of information filtering, machine learning, knowledge representation, and network analysis. This proposal motivates the problem of KBE, discusses the research methodology and proposed experiments, and reviews related works in information filtering and transfer learning. This line of research hopes to extend the application of transfer learning to KBE and to explore a new dimension of IF. The proposed ST and KTN intends to bring interdisciplinary approaches in the emerging field of KBE.	Enhancing knowledge base with knowledge transfer	NA	2018
Kripabandhu Ghosh	E-discovery is the requirement that the documents and information in electronic form stored in corporate systems be produced as evidence in litigation. It has posed great challenges for legal experts. Legal searchers have always looked to find "any and all" evidence for a given case. Thus, a legal search system would essentially be a recall-oriented system. It has been a common practice among expert searchers to formulate Boolean queries to represent their information need. We want to work on three basic problems: Boolean query formulation - Our primary goal is to study Boolean query formulation in the light of the E-discovery task. This will include automatic Boolean query generation, expansion and learning the effect of proximity operators in Boolean searches. Data fusion - We would also like to explore the effectiveness of data fusion techniques in improving recall. Error modeling - Finally, we will work on error modeling methods for noisy legal documents.	Improving e-discovery using information retrieval	NA	2018
Dehong Gao	Nowadays, more and more people tend to make decisions based on the opinion information from the Internet, in addition to recommendations from offline friends or parents. For example, we may browse the resumes and comments on election candidates to determine if one candidate is qualified, or consult the consumer reports or reviews on special e-commercial websites to decide which brand of computer is suitable for one's needs. Though opinion information is rich on the Internet, [2] points out that 58% of American Internet users deem that online information is irretrievable, confusing, or conflicting with each other. Early works on opinion mining help to classify opinion polarity, to extract specific opinions and to summarize opinion texts. However, all these works are usually based on plain texts (reviews, comments or news articles). With the explosion of Web 2.0 applications, especially social network applications like blogs, discussion forums, micro-blogs, the massive individual users go to the major media websites, which leads to much more opinion materials posted on the Internet by user-shared experiences or views [3]. These opinion-rich and social network-based applications bring new perspectives for opinion mining as well. First, in addition to plain texts (reviews, newswire) in traditional opinion mining, we see new types of cyber-based text, like personal diary blogs, cyber-SMS tweets. Second, if we regard the opinions in plain text as static, the dynamic change of opinions in the social network is a new promising area, and catch increasing attention of worldwide researchers. In the social network, the opinion held by one individual is not static, but changes, which can be influenced by others. A serial of changes among different users forms the opinion propagation or diffusion in the network. This paper and my doctoral work focus on the opinion influence and diffusion in the social network, which explore the detailed process of one-to-one influence and the opinion diffusion process in the social network. The significance of this work is it can benefit many other related researches, like information maximum, viral marketing. Now some pioneering works have been conducted to investigate the role of social networks in information diffusion and influencers in the social network. These works are usually based on information diffusion models, like the cascade model (CM) or epidemic model (EM). However, we argue that it is not enough to simply apply these models to opinion influence and diffusion. 1) For both CM and EM, status shift is along specific directions, from inactive to active (CM) or from susceptible to infectious, and then, to recovered (EM). But opinion influence is more complex.	Opinion influence and diffusion in social network	NA	2018
Carsten Eickhoff	Relevance is the central concept of information retrieval. Although its important role is unanimously accepted among researchers, numerous different definitions of the term have emerged over the years. Considerable effort has been put into creating consistent and universally applicable descriptions of relevance in the form of relevance frameworks. Across these various formal systems of relevance, a wide range of relevance criteria has been identified. The probably most frequently used single criterion, that in some applications even becomes a synonym for relevance, is topicality. It expresses a document's topical overlap with the user's information need. For textual resources, it is often estimated based on term co-occurrences between query and document. There is, however, a significant number of further noteworthy relevance criteria. Prominent specimen are: (Currency) determines how recent and up to date the document is. Outdated information may have become invalid over time. (Availability) expresses how easy it is to obtain the document. Users might not want to invest more than a threshold amount of resources (e.g., disk space, downloading time or money) to get the document. (Readability) describes the document's readability and understandability. A document with a high topical relevance towards a given information need can become irrelevant if the user is not able to extract the desired information from it. (Credibility) contains criteria such as the document author's expertise, the publication's reputation and the document's general trustworthiness. (Novelty) describes the document's contribution to satisfying an information need with respect to the user's context. E.g., previous search results or general knowledge about the domain. It is evident that these criteria can have very different scopes. Some of them are static characteristics of the document or the author, others depend on the concrete information need at hand or even the user's search context. Currently, state-of-the-art retrieval models often treat relevance (regardless which interpretation of the term was chosen) as an atomic concept that can be expressed through topical overlap between document and query or a plain linear combination of multiple scores. Considering the broad audiences a web search engine has to serve, such a method does not seem optimal as the concrete composition of relevance will vary from person to person depending on social and educational context. Furthermore, each individual can be expected to have situational preference for certain combinations of relevance facets depending on the information need at hand. We investigate combination schemes which respect the dimension-specific relevance distributions. In particular, we developed a risk-aware method of combining relevance criteria inspired by the economic Portfolio theory. As a first stage, we applied this method for result set diversification across dimensions.	Relevance as a subjective and situational multidimensional concept	NA	2018
Tuan A. Tran	Many of user generated contents in the Web 2.0 center around real-world incidents such as Japanese tsunami, or general concerns such as recent economic downturn. Such type of information is always of interest to users. For instance, when a user reads a news article about a tsunami in Japan, she wants to see related Flickr photos or more tweets about it. Conventional keyword-based search is inappropriate, since it is not always trivial to formulate ad-hoc interests about the event and material. In some cases, the user might want to explore emerging topics that dominate different sources. Present systems fail to connect topically documents across media, and the user has to examine individual sources to infer the topics herself. In this work, we address a special type of user information need, temporal topic, which refers to any abstract matter active within some points or periods of time. A temporal topic can be a real-world event, e.g. the Arab Spring revolution, but can also be a less conceivable subject, e.g. the study of vacuum tube computers in 1950s. Topics can also be recurrent such as the US presidency campaigns. There are extensive studies on how to detect topics from a collection of documents, but little uses temporal topics as part of user interest to retrieve documents. We believe that temporal topic-based retrieval is a one solution to improve user experience of present IR systems, as well as to benefit other applications (e.g. topic-sensitive online advertisement). Our research goal can be defined in three research questions. The first question involves finding latent temporal topics in a social media stream, where documents are well equipped with meta-data (timestamps, geo-spatial data, etc.). Following mixture models such as LDA, we treat each document as a mix of different temporal topic models, each model is incorporated with time. A temporal topic consists of at least two types of attributes - time and representing words, as similar to [4]. The dynamics of temporal topics can be characterized in a timeline fashion [4], or using hierarchical structures [1]. The challenge lies in devising a model flexible enough to diverse and rapidly changing data without many parameter assumptions. For this, we see Bayesian nonpara-metrics [3] as one promising solution, and will extend it to temporal dimension. The second research question is how to retrieve and rank documents from different social media sites, based on their relevance to one or several given temporal topics. We identify some following challenges. The first one is representing temporal topics as queries: although there have been attempts using keywords and time window separately [2], we aim to unify time and (topical) words in a single query model. The second challenge is integrating temporal topic models into ranking models. Inspired by our previous work [4], we will use language models to capture the relevance scores between documents and topics, and investigate advanced methods to index the scores effectively. Our last question involves connecting a given document to documents in other sources (data streams or corpora) that shared one of its latent temporal topics. This task does not only provide unified insight into different social media sites, but also help improve the quality of models by data in diverse sources. However, formalizing the semantics of "similarity" for documents in different settings based on temporal topcis is tricky. One baseline method is to apply Kullback-Leibler divergence on comparable features (TF-IDF, n-grams, photo tags, timestamps,..). We can also use language models [5] to construct a language model for each candidate document, then estimate how likely it generates the document of interest within a given temporal topic.	Exploiting temporal topic models in social media retrieval	NA	2018
Stewart Whiting	Real-time news and social media quickly reflect large-scale phenomena and events. As users become exposed to this information, time plays a central role in prompting both information authorship and seeking activities. The objective of this research is to develop a retrieval system which can anticipate a user's likely temporal intent(s), considering recent or ongoing real-world events. Such a system should not only provide recent news when relevant, but also higher rank non-timestamped or even older documents which are temporally pertinent as they cover aspects related to recent event topics. Key challenges to be addressed in this work include: a suitable source and method for event detection and tracking, an intent-aware ranking approach and an evaluation methodology.	The essence of time: considering temporal relevance as an intent-aware ranking problem	NA	2018
Marc-Allen Cartright:Ethem F. Can:William Dabney:Jeff Dalton:Logan Giorda:Kriste Krstovski:Xiaoye Wu:Ismet Zeki Yalniz:James Allan:R. Manmatha:David A. Smith	Conventional retrieval systems view documents as a unit and look at different retrieval types within a document. We introduce Proteus, a frame-work for seamlessly navigating books as dynamic collections which are defined on the fly. Proteus allows us to search various retrieval types. Navigable types include pages, books, named persons, locations, and pictures in a collection of books taken from the Internet Archive. The demonstration shows the value of multi-type browsing in dynamic collections to peruse new data.	A framework for manipulating and searching multiple retrieval types	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Giorgio Maria Di Nunzio:Alessandro Sordoni	Naive-Bayes (NB) classifiers are simple probabilistic classifiers still widely used in supervised learning due to their tradeoff between efficient model training and good empirical results. One of the drawbacks of these classifiers is that in situations of data sparsity (i.e. when the size of training set is small) the maximum likelihood estimation of the probability of unseen features in these situations is equal to zero causing arithmetic anomalies. To prevent this undesirable behavior, a number of smoothing techniques have been proposed. Among these, the Bayesian approach incorporates smoothing in terms of prior knowledge about the parameters of the model usually called hyper-parameters. Our research question is: can a visualization tool help researchers to quickly assess the goodness of the performance of NB classifiers by setting optimal smoothing parameters?	A visual tool for bayesian data analysis: the impact of smoothing on naive bayes text classifiers	NA:NA	2018
Leif Azzopardi:Myles Doolan:Richard Glassey	This demonstration paper introduces ALF which provides a light-weight client side logging application and a server for collecting user interaction data. ALF has been designed as a loosely coupled independent service that runs in parallel with the IR web application that requires logging	ALF: a client side logger and server for capturing user interactions in web applications	NA:NA:NA	2018
Martin Potthast:Matthias Hagen:Benno Stein:Jan Graßegger:Maximilian Michel:Martin Tippmann:Clement Welsch	We present the ChatNoir search engine which indexes the entire English part of the ClueWeb09 corpus. Besides Carnegie Mellon's Indri system, ChatNoir is the second publicly available search engine for this corpus. It implements the classic BM25F information retrieval model including PageRank and spam likelihood. The search engine is scalable and returns the first results within three seconds, which is significantly faster than Indri. A convenient API allows for implementing reproducible experiments based on retrieving documents from the ClueWeb09 corpus. The search engine has successfully accomplished a load test involving 100,000 queries.	ChatNoir: a search engine for the ClueWeb09 corpus	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Richard McCreadie:Craig Macdonald:Iadh Ounis	In this demo, we present CrowdTerrier, an infrastructure extension to the open source Terrier IR platform that enables the semi-automatic generation of relevance assessments for a variety of document ranking tasks using crowdsourcing. The aim of CrowdTerrier is to reduce the time and expertise required to effectively Crowdsource relevance assessments by abstracting away from the complexities of the crowdsourcing process. It achieves this by automating the assessment process as much as possible, via a close integration of the IR system that ranks the documents (Terrier) and the crowdsourcing marketplace that is used to assess those documents (Amazon's Mechanical Turk).	CrowdTerrier: automatic crowdsourced relevance assessments with terrier	NA:NA:NA	2018
Vittorio Castelli:Hema Raghavan:Radu Florian:Ding-Jung Han:Xiaoqiang Luo:Salim Roukos	This paper describes a live and scalable system that automatically extracts information nuggets for entities/topics from a continuously updated corpus for effective exploration and analysis. A nugget is a piece of semantic information that (1) must be mapped semantically to the transitive closure of a pre-defined ontology, (2) is explicitly supported by text, and (3) has a natural language description that completely conveys its semantic to a user. Fig. 1 shows a type of nugget "involvement in events" for a person entity (Leon Panetta): each nugget has a short description ("meeting", "news conference") with a list of supporting passages. Our key contributions are (1) We extract nuggets and remove redundancy to produce a summary of salient information with supporting clusters of passages. (2) We present an entity/topic centric exploration interface that also allows users to navigate to other entities involved in a nugget. (3) We use the statistical NLP technologies developed over the years in the ACE ,GALE and TAC-KBP programs, including parsing, mention detection, within and cross document coreference resolution, relation detection and slot filler extraction. (4) Our system is flexible and easily adaptable across domains as demonstrated on two corpora: generic news and scientific papers. Search engines such as Google News and Scholar do not retrieve nuggets, and only remove redundancy at document level. News aggregation applications such as Evri categorize news articles based on the entities of topics but do not extract nuggets. Other systems extract richer information, but not all of it has clear semantics; e.g., Silobreaker presents results as "the relationship between X and Y in the context of [keyphrase]", leaving users with the task of interpreting the semantics as it is not tied to a clear ontology. In contrast we remove redundancy, summarize results and present nuggets that have clear semantics.	Distilling and exploring nuggets from a corpus	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Huggett:Edie Rasmussen	In support of our research projects in information retrieval, we have developed an integrated multi-process software system that shepherds research data from induction through aggregation, analysis, and presentation. We combine public-domain code libraries with our own software to provide a flexible, easily- configured modular system that exposes data online for easier collaboration. The goal is to create a single online infrastructure that allows colleagues to submit, process, analyze and visualize data, and discuss and prioritize issues through a single integrated interface. We demonstrate our system within the context of the large data set provided by the Indexer's Legacy project [1].	Integrative online research-data management	NA:NA	2018
Leif Azzopardi:Douglas Dowie:Kelly Ann Marshall:Richard Glassey	MaSe provides a sandbox environment for high school students to create their own personalised search interface. It has been designed with two major goals in mind: (1) as a hands-on tutorial for school children, to excite them about programming and computing science through the development of a practical application, and (2) to enable children to design and create their own search interface without extensive programming knowledge or prior experience. Consequently, MaSe provides a way to ascertain what children would like from a search engine interface in an exploratory and creative way as they can create a working prototype. This approach contrasts with previous work on exploring children's requirements of IR systems which attempts to directly elicit user needs through more traditional methods (i.e. surveys, interviews, focus groups, etc). However, we have attempted to incorporate the design guidelines for children as identified by Large (2006) into MaSe, where: we make use of bright colours, large text fonts, spell checking and the use of icons to represent search services, as well as including a thematic experience as suggested by Large (2006), with the use of a puppy avatar and puppy dog footprints.	MaSe: create your own mash-up search interface	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kuang Mao:Xinyuan Luo:Ke Chen:Gang Chen:Lidan Shou	In this demo, we present myDJ, a karaoke recommendation system which recommends the songs people are capable to sing. Different from the existing song recommendation systems which recommend songs people like to listen, myDJ can recommend proper songs according to a subject's physical phonation area. It consists of a singer profiler to analyze the subject's phonation characters. In addition, the song profile for each song in database is extracted. To learn a ranking function, the learning to rank algorithm Listnet is applied under a list of predefined features extracted from each singer-song profile pair. In the results, proper songs which are suitable but challenging for the subject are recommended.	myDJ: recommending karaoke songs from one's own voice	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leif Azzopardi:Jim Purvis:Richard Glassey	Children often struggle with information retrieval tasks as searching for information often requires a developed vocabulary and strong categorisation skills; neither of which are particularly developed in children under the age of 12. In a study conducted by Druin et al, it was found that in an experimental setting many children are often uninterested in searching for information online or are only interested in searching for information that is relevant to their personal interests. Consequently, children who were unmotivated were the least successful in completing information retrieval tasks in their study. It was suggested that a more effective means of engaging child participants in search studies must be developed in order to gain further insights into the searching behaviours of children. To this end we have developed a game called PageFetch which aims to engage children (aged 8 to 80) in completing search tasks through a fun and interactive search-like interface.	PageFetch: a retrieval game for children (and adults)	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ke Chen:Gang Chen:Lidan Shou:Fei Xia	NA	Pictune: situational music recommendation from geotagged pictures	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ingmar Weber:Venkata Rama Kiran Garimella:Erik Borra	We present Political Search Trends, a browser based web search analysis tool that (i) assigns a political leaning to web search queries, (ii) detects trending political queries in a given week, and (iii) links search queries to fact-checked statements. In terms of methodology, it showcases the power of analyzing queries leading to clicks on selected, annotated web sites of interest.	Political search trends	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shady Elbassuoni:Maya Ramanath:Gerhard Weikum	We demonstrate RDF Xpress, a search engine that enables users to effectively retrieve information from large RDF knowledge bases or Linked Data Sources. RDF Xpress provides a search interface where users can combine triple patterns with keywords to form queries. Moreover, RDF Xpress supports automatic query relaxation and returns a ranked list of diverse query results.	RDF Xpress: a flexible expressive RDF search engine	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ihab Al Kabary:Heiko Schuldt	We present a novel and innovative user interface for query-by-sketching based image retrieval that exploits emergent interactive paper and digital pen technology. Users can draw sketches with a digital pen on interactive paper in a user-friendly way. The pen is able to capture the stroke vectors and to interactively stream them to the underlying content-based image retrieval (CBIR) system via the pen's Bluetooth interface. We present the integration of interactive paper/digital pen technology with QbS, our CBIR system tailored to Query-by-Sketching, and we demonstrate the use of the paper and pen interface together with QbS for three different collections: MIRFLICKR-25K, a cartoon collection, and a collection of medieval paper watermarks.	Sketch-based image similarity search with a pen and paper interface	NA:NA	2018
Henry Allen Feild:James Allan	NA	Task-aware search assistant	NA:NA	2018
Surender Reddy Yerva:Zoltan Miklos:Flavia Grosan:Alexandru Tandrau:Karl Aberer	TweetSpector is a tool for demonstrating entity-based of retrieval of tweets. The various features of this tool include: entity profile creation, real-time tweet classification, active improvement of the created profiles through user feedback, and the dashboard displaying different metrics.	TweetSpector: entity-based retrieval of tweets	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leif Azzopardi:Douglas Dowie:Kelly Ann Marshall	Nowadays children as young as two years old can easily interact with mobile touch screen devices and personal computers to watch online videos through services such as YouTube. However, such services present a number of challenges for young children (e.g. fine grain gestures/interactions and good typing/literacy skills). In addition, when children use such services there is a risk that they may stumble upon content that is inappropriate. YooSee is a web-based application developed using the PuppyIR framework and designed for children aged between two and six years old. YooSee enables children to: (1) search and browse through video content using an engaging, novel interaction paradigm, and (2) be able to safely enjoy moderated video content.	YooSee: a video browsing application for young children	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jinming Min:Cristover Lopes:Johannes Leveling:Dag Schmidtke:Gareth J.F. Jones	The number of images available online is growing steadily and current web search engines have indexed more than 10 billion images. Approaches to image retrieval are still often text-based and operate on image annotations and captions. Image annotations (i.e. image tags) are typically short, user-generated, and of varying quality, which increases the mismatch problem between query terms and image tags. For example, a user might enter the query "wedding dress" while all images are annotated with "bridal gown" or "wedding gown". This demonstration presents an image search system using reduction and expansion of image annotations to overcome vocabulary mismatch problems by enriching the sparse set of image tags. Our image search application accepts a written query as input and produces a ranked list of result images and annotations (i.e. image tags) as output. The system integrates methods to reduce and expand the image tag set, thus decreasing the effect of sparse image tags. It builds on different image collections such as the Wikipedia image collection (http://www.imageclef.org/wikidata) and the Microsoft Office.com ClipArt collection (http://office.microsoft.com/), but can be applied to social collections such as Flickr as well. Our demonstration system runs on PCs, tablets, and smartphones, making use of advanced user interface capabilities on mobile devices.	Multi-platform image search using tag enrichment	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrei Z. Broder	The central problem in the emerging discipline of computational advertising is to find the "best match" between a given user in a given context and a suitable advertisement. The context could be a user entering a query in a search engine ("sponsored search"), a user reading a web page ("content match" and "display ads"), a user streaming a movie, and so on. In some situations, it is desirable to solve the "dual" optimization problem: rather then find the best ad given a user in a context, the goal is to identify the "best audience", i.e. the most receptive set of users and/or the most suitable contexts for a given advertising campaign. The information about the user can vary from scarily detailed to practically nil. The number of potential advertisements might be in the billions. Thus, depending on the definition of "best match" and "best audience" these problems lead to a variety of massive optimization problems, with complicated constraints, and challenging data representation and access issues. In general, the direct problem is solved in two stages: first a rough filtering is used to identify a relatively small set of ads to be considered as potential matches, followed by a more sophisticated secondary ranking where economics considerations take center stage. Historically, the filtering has been conceived as a database selection problem, and was done using simple Boolean formulae, for instance, in sponsored search the filter could be "all ads that provide a specific bid for the present query string or a subset of it". Similarly for the dual problem (audience definition) for, say, a sports car ad, the filter could be "all males in California, aged 40 or less". This "database approach" for the direct problem has been recently supplanted by an "IR approach" based on a similarity search between a carefully constructed query that captures the advertising opportunity and an annotated document corpus that represents the potential ads. Similarly, in the dual problem, the newer approach is to devise an efficient and effective representation of the users, then form a query that represents a prototypical ideal user, and finally find the users most similar to the prototype. The aim of this talk is to discuss the penetration of the IR paradigms in computational advertising and present some research challenges and opportunities in this area of enormous economic importance.	IR paradigms in computational advertising	NA	2018
Eric W. Brown	Watson, named after IBM founder Thomas J. Watson, was built by a team of IBM researchers who set out to accomplish a grand challenge-build a computing system that rivals a human's ability to answer questions posed in natural language with speed, accuracy and confidence. The quiz show Jeopardy! provided the ultimate test of this technology because the game's clues involve analyzing subtle meaning, irony, riddles and other complexities of natural language in which humans excel and computers traditionally fail. Watson passed its first test on Jeopardy!, beating the show's two greatest champions in a televised exhibition match, but the real test will be in applying the underlying natural language processing and analytics technology in business and across industries. In this talk I will introduce the Jeopardy! grand challenge, present an overview of Watson and the DeepQA technology upon which Watson is built, and explore future applications of this technology.	Watson: the Jeopardy! challenge and beyond	NA	2018
Susan T. Dumais	It is very challenging task to understand a short query, especially if that query is considered in isolation. Luckily, queries do magically appear in a search box -- rather, they are issued by real people, trying to accomplish a task, at a given point in time and space, and this "context" can be used to aid query understanding. Traditionally search engines have returned the same results to everyone who asks the same question. However, using a single ranking for everyone, in every context limits how well a search engine can do. In this talk I outline a framework to quantify the "potential for personalization", that can be used to characterize the extent to which different people have the same (or different) intents for a query. I then describe several examples of how we represent and use different kinds of context to improve search quality. Finally I conclude by highlighting some important challenges in developing such systems at Web scale including system optimization, evaluation, transparency and serendipity.	Putting context into search and search into context	NA	2018
Daniel E. Rose	Amazon CloudSearch is a new hosted search service, built on top of many cloud-based AWS services, and based on the same technology that powers search on Amazon's retail sites. Because of its ease of configuration and scalability, CloudSearch represents the next step in the democratization of information retrieval. This democratization process, increasing access to search for both end users and potential search providers, has continued over several decades, through technologies like early online metered search services, enterprise search software, web search, and open source search tools. CloudSearch further reduces barriers to entry, allowing a person or organization to basically say "make my content searchable" and have it happen automatically. CloudSearch may also offer an opportunity to overcome the stagnation that has occurred in search user experiences over the past 15 years. When you no longer need to be a search expert to make your content available, you're not stuck with ten blue links. Instead, you can focus on providing the kind of interaction that makes sense for your application and your users. CloudSearch enables a flowering of search applications that need not be tied to the web, and an opportunity to explore new ways of interacting with information retrieval technology.	CloudSearch and the democratization of information retrieval	NA	2018
John O'Neil	Entity extraction and sentiment classification are among the most common types of information derived from documents, but the problem of directly associating entities and sentiment has received less attention. We use TextRank on a graph linking entities and sentiment-laden words and phrases. We extract from the resulting eigenvector the final sentiment weights of the entities. We then explore the algorithm's performance and accuracy, compared to a baseline.	Entity sentiment extraction using text ranking	NA	2018
Zheng Ye:Jimmy Xiangji Huang:Jun Miao	Many information retrieval (IR) techniques have been proposed to improve the performance, and some combinations of these techniques has been demonstrated to be effective. However, how to effectively combine them is largely unexplored. It is possible that a method reduces the positive influence of the other one even if both of them are effective separately. In this paper, we propose a new hybrid model which can simply and flexibly combine components of three different IR techniques under a uniform framework. Extensive experiments on the TREC standard collections indicate that our proposed model can outperform the best TREC systems consistently in the ad-hoc retrieval. It shows that the combination strategy in our proposed model is very effective. Meanwhile, this method is also re-useable for other researchers to test whether their new methods are additive to the current technologies.	A hybrid model for ad-hoc information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Minsuk Kahng:Sang-goo Lee	The field of entity search using Semantic Web (RDF) data has gained more interest recently. In this paper, we propose a probabilistic entity retrieval model for RDF graphs using paths in the graph. Unlike previous work which assumes that all descriptions of an entity are directly linked to the entity node, we assume that an entity can be described with any node that can be reached from the entity node by following paths in the RDF graph. Our retrieval model simulates the generation process of query terms from an entity node by traversing the graph. We evaluate our approach using a standard evaluation framework for entity search.	Exploiting paths for entity search in RDF graphs	NA:NA	2018
Youngjoong Ko	NA	A study of term weighting schemes using class information for text classification	NA	2018
Corey Arnold:William Speier	Clinical narrative in the medical record provides perhaps the most detailed account of a patient's history. However, this information is documented in free-text, which makes it challenging to analyze. Efforts to index unstructured clinical narrative often focus on identifying predefined concepts from clinical terminologies. Less studied is the problem of analyzing the text as a whole to create temporal indices that capture relationships between learned clinical events. Topic models provide a method for analyzing large corpora of text to discover semantically related clusters of words. This work presents a topic model tailored to the clinical reporting environment that allows for individual patient timelines. Results show the model is able to identify patterns of clinical events in a cohort of brain cancer patients.	A topic model of clinical reports	NA:NA	2018
Mustafa Bilgic:Paul N. Bennett	Methods that reduce the amount of labeled data needed for training have focused more on selecting which documents to label than on which queries should be labeled. One exception to this (Long et al. 2010) uses expected loss optimization (ELO) to estimate which queries should be selected but is limited to rankers that predict absolute graded relevance. In this work, we demonstrate how to easily adapt ELO to work with any ranker and show that estimating expected loss in DCG is more robust than NDCG even when the final performance measure is NDCG.	Active query selection for learning rankers	NA:NA	2018
Daniel J. Liebling:Paul N. Bennett:Ryen W. White	Identifying content for which a user may search has a variety of applications, including ranking and recommendation. In this poster, we examine how pre-search context can be used to predict content that the user will seek before they have even specified a search query. We call this anticipatory search. Using a log-based approach, we compare different methods for predicting the content to be searched using different attributes of the pre-query context and behavioral signals from previous visitors to the most recent browse URL. Each method covers different cases and shows promise for query-free anticipatory search on the Web.	Anticipatory search: using context to initiate search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Maria Soledad Pera:Yiu-Kai Ng	Ideally, students in K-12 grade levels can turn to book recommenders to locate books that match their interests. Existing book recommenders, however, fail to take into account the readability levels of their users, and hence their recommendations may be unsuitable for the users. To address this issue, we introduce BReK12, a recommender that targets K-12 users and prioritizes the reading level of its users in suggesting books of interest. Empirical studies conducted using the Bookcrossing dataset show that BReK12 outperforms a number of existing recommenders (developed for general users) in identifying books appealing to K-12 users.	BReK12: a book recommender for K-12 users	NA:NA	2018
Shay Hummel:Anna Shtok:Fiana Raiber:Oren Kurland:David Carmel	We present a novel interpretation of Clarity [5], a widely used query performance predictor. While Clarity is commonly described as a measure of the "distance" between the language model of the top-retrieved documents and that of the collection, we show that it actually quantifies an additional property of the result list, namely, its diversity. This analysis, along with empirical evaluation, helps to explain the low prediction quality of Clarity for large-scale Web collections.	Clarity re-visited	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nedim Lipka:Benno Stein:Maik Anderka	A number of relevant information retrieval classification problems are one-class classification problems at heart. I.e., labeled data is only available for one class, the so-called target class, and common discrimination-based classification approaches, be them binary or multiclass, are not applicable. Achieving a high effectiveness when solving one-class problems is difficult anyway and it becomes even more challenging when the target class data is multimodal, which is often the case. To address these concerns we propose a cluster-based one-class ensemble that consists of four steps: (1) applying a clustering algorithm to the target class data, (2) training an individual one-class classifier for each of the identified clusters, (3) aggregating the decisions of the individual classifiers, and (4) selecting the best fitting clustering model. We evaluate our approach with four datasets: an artificially generated dataset, a dataset compiled from a known multiclass text corpus, and two datasets related to one-class problems that received much attention recently, namely authorship verification and quality flaw prediction. Our approach outperforms a one-class SVM on all four datasets.	Cluster-based one-class ensemble for classification problems in information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Diyi Yang:Tianqi Chen:Weinan Zhang:Yong Yu	Recently, recommender systems have fascinated researchers and benefited a variety of people's online activities, enabling users to survive the explosive web information. Traditional collaborative filtering techniques handle the general recommendation well. However, most such approaches usually focus on long term preferences. To discover more short term factors influencing people's decisions, we propose a short term preferences model, implemented with implicit user feedback. We conduct experiments comparing the performances of different short term models, which show that our model outperforms significantly compared to those long term models.	Collaborative filtering with short term preferences mining	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Krysta M. Svore:Jaime Teevan:Susan T. Dumais:Anagha Kulkarni	Content on the Internet is always changing. We explore the value of biasing search result snippets towards new webpage content. We present results from a user study comparing traditional query-focused snippets with snippets that emphasize new page content for two query types: general and trending. Our results indicate that searchers prefer the inclusion of temporal information for trending queries but not for general queries, and that this is particularly valuable for pages that have not been recently crawled.	Creating temporally dynamic web search snippets	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Maengsik Choi:Harksoo Kim:Bruce W. Croft	We propose a kernel-based model to automatically extract social relations such as economic relations and political relations between two people from news articles. To determine whether two people are structurally associated with each other, the proposed model uses an SVM (support vector machine) tree kernel based on trigrams of head-dependent relations between them. In the experiments with the automatic content extraction (ACE) corpus and a Korean news corpus, the proposed model outperformed the previous systems based on SVM tree kernels even though it used more shallow linguistic knowledge.	Dependency trigram model for social relation extraction from news articles	NA:NA:NA	2018
Areej Alasiry:Mark Levene:Alexandra Poulovassilis	The information extraction task of Named Entities Recognition (NER) has been recently applied to search engine queries, in order to better understand their semantics. Here we concentrate on the task prior to the classification of the named entities (NEs) into a set of categories, which is the problem of detecting candidate NEs via the subtask of query segmentation.We present a novel method for detecting candidate NEs using grammar annotation and query segmentation with the aid of top-n snippets from search engine results and a web n-gram model, to accurately identify NE boundaries. The proposed method addresses the problem of accurately setting boundaries of NEs and the detection of multiple NEs in queries.	Detecting candidate named entities in search queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Craig Macdonald:Nicola Tonellotto:Iadh Ounis	A dynamic pruning strategy, such as WAND, enhances retrieval efficiency without degrading effectiveness to a given rank K, known as safe-to-rank-K. However, it is also possible for WAND to obtain more efficient but unsafe retrieval without actually significantly degrading effectiveness. On the other hand, in a modern search engine setting, dynamic pruning strategies can be used to efficiently obtain the set of documents to be re-ranked by the application of a learned model in a learning to rank setting. No work has examined the impact of safeness on the effectiveness of the learned model. In this work, we investigate the impact of WAND safeness through experiments using 150 TREC Web track topics. We find that unsafe WAND is biased towards documents with lower docids, thereby impacting effectiveness.	Effect of dynamic pruning safety on learning to rank effectiveness	NA:NA:NA	2018
William Webber:Bryan Toth:Marjorie Desamito	Assessors frequently disagree on the topical relevance of documents. How much of this disagreement is due to ambiguity in assessment instructions? We have two assessors assess TREC Legal Track documents for relevance, some to a general topic description, others to detailed assessment guidelines. We find that detailed guidelines lead to no significant increase in agreement amongst assessors or between assessors and the official qrels.	Effect of written instructions on assessor agreement	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ryen W. White:Matthew Richardson	Synchronous social question-and-answer (Q&A) systems match askers to answerers and support real-time dialog between them to resolve questions. These systems typically find answerers based on the degree of expertise match with the asker's initial question. However, since synchronous social Q&A involves a dialog between asker and answerer, differences in expertise may also matter (e.g., extreme novices and experts may have difficulty establishing common ground). In this poster we use data from a live social Q&A system to explore the impact of expertise differences on answer quality and aspects of the dialog itself. The findings of our study suggest that synchronous social Q&A systems should consider the relative expertise of candidate answerers with respect to the asker, and offer interactive dialog support to help establish common ground between askers and answerers.	Effects of expertise differences in synchronous social Q&A	NA:NA	2018
Jon Parker:Andrew Yates:Nazli Goharian:Wai Gen Yee	Many websites encourage people to submit reviews of various products and services. We present and evaluate a novel approach to efficiently model and analyze the text within user reviews to estimate how much reviewers care about different aspects of a product (i.e., amenities, food, location, room, etc. of a hotel). Our approach performs statistically quite similar to the best existing method. However, our method for computing aspect weights is a linear time method while the current state of the art solution requires cubic time at best.	Efficient estimation of aspect weights	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ying Zhang:Yi Fang:Xiaojun Quan:Lin Dai:Luo Si:Xiaojie Yuan	With the rapid growth of online news services, users can actively respond to online news by making comments. Users often express subjective emotions in comments such as sadness, surprise and anger. Such emotions can help understand the preferences and perspectives of individual users, and therefore may facilitate online publishers to provide users with more relevant services. This paper tackles the task of predicting emotions for the comments of online news. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first research work for addressing the task. In particular, this paper proposes a novel Meta classification approach that exploits heterogeneous information sources such as the content of the comments and the emotion tags of news articles generated by users. The experiments on two datasets from online news services demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Emotion tagging for comments of online news by meta classification with heterogeneous information sources	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alan Said:Brijnesh J. Jain:Sascha Narr:Till Plumbaum:Sahin Albayrak:Christian Scheel	Recommender systems are commonly evaluated by trying to predict known, withheld, ratings for a set of users. Measures such as the Root-Mean-Square Error are used to estimate the quality of the recommender algorithms. This process does however not acknowledge the inherent rating inconsistencies of users. In this paper we present the first results from a noise measurement user study for estimating the magic barrier of recommender systems conducted on a commercial movie recommendation community. The magic barrier is the expected squared error of the optimal recommendation algorithm, or, the lowest error we can expect from any recommendation algorithm. Our results show that the barrier can be estimated by collecting the opinions of users on already rated items.	Estimating the magic barrier of recommender systems: a user study	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sergio Cleger-Tamayo:Juan M. Fernandez-Luna:Juan F. Huete	Recommender Systems (RS) attempt to discover users' preferences, and to learn about them in order to anticipate their needs. The main task normally associated with a RS is to offer suggestions for items. However, for most users, RSs are black boxes, computerized oracles that give advice, but cannot be questioned. In order to improve the quality of predictions and the satisfaction of the users, explanations facilities are needed. We present a novel methodology to explain recommendations: showing predictions over a set of observed items. Our proposal has been validated by means of user studies and lab experiments using MovieLens dataset.	Explaining neighborhood-based recommendations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nut Limsopatham:Craig Macdonald:Richard McCreadie:Iadh Ounis	In medical records, negative qualifiers, e.g. no or without, are commonly used by health practitioners to identify the absence of a medical condition. Without considering whether the term occurs in a negative or positive context, the sole presence of a query term in a medical record is insufficient to imply that the record is relevant to the query. In this paper, we show how to effectively handle such negation within a medical records information retrieval system. In particular, we propose a term representation that tackles negated language in medical records, which is further extended by considering the dependence of negated query terms. We evaluate our negation handling technique within the search task provided by the TREC Medical Records 2011 track. Our results, which show a significant improvement upon a system that does not consider negated context within records, attest the importance of handling negation.	Exploiting term dependence while handling negation in medical search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tan Xu:Douglas W. Oard	This paper describes an entity ranking model for example-based person search in email. Evaluation by comparison to manually resolved named references in Enron email yield results that correspond to typically placing the correct entity in the first or second rank.	Exploring example-based person search in email	NA:NA	2018
Jie Xiao:Wengang Zhou:Qi Tian	In this paper, we propose to explore the relevance between tags for image tag re-ranking. The key component is to define a global tag-tag similarity matrix, which is achieved by analysis in both semantic and visual aspects. The text semantic relevance is explored by the Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI) model [1].For the visual information, the tag-relevance can be propagated by reconstructing exemplar images with visually and semantically consistent images. Based on our tag relevance matrix, a random-walk approach is leveraged to discover the significance of each tag. Finally, all tags in an image are re-ranked by their significance values. Extensive experiments show its effectiveness on an image dataset with a large tags vocabulary.	Exploring tag relevance for image tag re-ranking	NA:NA:NA	2018
Michelle Kovesi:Cyril Goutte:Massih-Reza Amini	Multiview learning has been shown to be a natural and efficient framework for supervised or semi-supervised learning of multilingual document categorizers. The state-of-the-art co-regularization approach relies on alternate minimizations of a combination of language-specific categorization errors and a disagreement between the outputs of the monolingual text categorizers. This is typically solved by repeatedly training categorizers on each language with the appropriate regularizer. We extend and improve this approach by introducing an on-line learning scheme, where language-specific updates are interleaved in order to iteratively optimize the global cost in one pass. Our experimental results show that this produces similar performance as the batch approach, at a fraction of the computational cost.	Fast on-line learning for multilingual categorization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Min-Chul Yang:Jung-Tae Lee:Seung-Wook Lee:Hae-Chang Rim	Millions of posts are being generated in real-time by users in social networking services, such as Twitter. However, a considerable number of those posts are mundane posts that are of interest to the authors and possibly their friends only. This paper investigates the problem of automatically discovering valuable posts that may be of potential interest to a wider audience. Specifically, we model the structure of Twitter as a graph consisting of users and posts as nodes and retweet relations between the nodes as edges. We propose a variant of the HITS algorithm for producing a static ranking of posts. Experimental results on real world data demonstrate that our method can achieve better performance than several baseline methods.	Finding interesting posts in Twitter based on retweet graph analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiepu Jiang:Zhen Yue:Shuguang Han:Daqing He	Current search systems are designed to find relevant articles, especially topically relevant ones, but the notion of relevance largely depends on search tasks. We study the specific task that scientists are searching for worth-reading articles beneficial for their research. Our study finds: users' perception of relevance and preference of reading are only moderately correlated; current systems can effectively find readings that are highly relevant to the topic, but 36% of the worth-reading articles are only marginally relevant or even non-relevant. Our system can effectively find those worth-reading but marginally relevant or non-relevant articles by taking advantages of scientists' recommendations in social websites.	Finding readings for scientists from social websites	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kailong Chen:Zhengdong Lu:Xiaoshi Yin:Yong Yu:Zaiqing Nie	With the rapid growing of Web 2.0, people spend more time on social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. In order to know the people they are interacting with, finding the web appearances of them will help the social network users to a great extent. We propose a novel and effective latent factor model to find web appearances of target social network users. Our method solves the name ambiguity problem by simultaneously exploring the link structure of social networks and the web. Experiments on real-world data show the superiority of our method over several baselines.	Finding web appearances of social network users via latent factor model	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wei Lu:Qikai Cheng:Christina Lioma	TextRank is a variant of PageRank typically used in graphs that represent documents, and where vertices denote terms and edges denote relations between terms. Quite often the relation between terms is simple term co-occurrence within a fixed window of k terms. The output of TextRank when applied iteratively is a score for each vertex, i.e. a term weight, that can be used for information retrieval (IR) just like conventional term frequency based term weights. So far, when computing TextRank term weights over co-occurrence graphs, the window of term co-occurrence is always fixed. This work departs from this, and considers dynamically adjusted windows of term co-occurrence that follow the document structure on a sentence- and paragraph-level. The resulting TextRank term weights are used in a ranking function that re-ranks 1000 initially returned search results in order to improve the precision of the ranking. Experiments with two IR collections show that adjusting the vicinity of term co-occurrence when computing TextRank term weights can lead to gains in early precision.	Fixed versus dynamic co-occurrence windows in TextRank term weights for information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eugene Kharitonov:Pavel Serdyukov	In this paper we study usefulness of users' gender information for improving ranking of ambiguous queries in personalized and non-contextual settings. This study is performed as a sequence of offline re-ranking experiments and it demonstrates that the proposed gender-aware ranking features provide improvements in ranking quality. It is also shown that the proposed personalized features exhibit performance superior to non-contextual ones.	Gender-aware re-ranking	NA:NA	2018
Yajie Hu:Mitsunori Ogihara	We proposed a method to classify songs in the Million Song Dataset according to song genre. Since songs have several data types, we trained sub-classifiers by different types of data. These sub-classifiers are combined using both classifier authority and classification confidence for a particular instance. In the experiments, the combined classifier surpasses all of these sub-classifiers and the SVM classifier using concatenated vectors from all data types. Finally, the genre labels for the Million Song Dataset are provided.	Genre classification for million song dataset using confidence-based classifiers combination	NA:NA	2018
Viktors Garkavijs:Mayumi Toshima:Noriko Kando	This paper proposes a prototype system called Gaze-Learning-Access-and-Search-Engine 0.1 (GLASE), which can perform image relevance ranking based on gaze data and within-session learning. We developed a search user interface that uses an eye-tracker as an input device and employed a relevance re-ranking algorithm based on the gaze length. The preliminary experimental results showed that using our gaze-driven system reduced the task completion time an average of 13.7% in a search session.	GLASE 0.1: eyes tell more than mice	NA:NA:NA	2018
Aleksandr Chuklin:Pavel Serdyukov	It is often considered that high abandonment rate corresponds to poor IR system performance. However several studies suggested that there are so called good abandonments, i.e. situations when search engine result page contains enough details to satisfy the user information need without necessity to click on search results. In this work we propose to look at query extensions. We see that an extension by itself might motivate abandonment type (good or bad) for the underlying query to some degree. We also propose a way to find potentially good abandonment extensions in an automated manner.	How query extensions reflect search result abandonments	NA:NA	2018
Damiano Spina:Edgar Meij:Maarten de Rijke:Andrei Oghina:Minh Thuong Bui:Mathias Breuss	Online reputation management is about monitoring and handling the public image of entities (such as companies) on the Web. An important task in this area is identifying "aspects" of the entity of interest (such as products, services, competitors, key people, etc.) given a stream of microblog posts referring to the entity. In this paper we compare different IR techniques and opinion target identification methods for automatically identifying aspects and find that (i) simple statistical methods such as TF.IDF are a strong baseline for the task, significantly outperforming opinion-oriented methods, and (ii) only considering terms tagged as nouns improves the results for all the methods analyzed.	Identifying entity aspects in microblog posts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pavel Metrikov:Virgil Pavlu:Javed A. Aslam	We consider the impact of inter-assessor disagreement on the maximum performance that a ranker can hope to achieve. We demonstrate that even if a ranker were to achieve perfect performance with respect to a given assessor, when evaluated with respect to a different assessor, the measured performance of the ranker decreases significantly. This decrease in performance may largely account for observed limits on the performance of learning-to-rank algorithms.	Impact of assessor disagreement on ranking performance	NA:NA:NA	2018
Karla L. Caballero:Ram Akella	Most of the relevance feedback algorithms only use document terms as feedback (local features) in order to update the query and re-rank the documents to show to the user. This approach is limited by the terms of those documents without any global context. We propose to use statistical topic modeling techniques in relevance feedback to incorporate a better estimate of context by including global information about the document. This is particularly helpful for difficult queries where learning the context from the interactions with the user is crucial. We propose to use the topic mixture information obtained to characterize the documents and learn their topics. Then, we rank documents incorporating positive and negative feedback by fitting a latent distribution for each class of documents online and combining all the features using Bayesian Logistic Regression. We show results using the OHSUMED dataset for 3 different variants and obtain higher performance, up to 12.5% in Mean Average Precision (MAP).	Incorporating statistical topic information in relevance feedback	NA:NA	2018
Hyun Joon Jung:Matthew Lease	In crowdsourced relevance judging, each crowd worker typically judges only a small number of examples, yielding a sparse and imbalanced set of judgments in which relatively few workers influence output consensus labels, particularly with simple consensus methods like majority voting. We show how probabilistic matrix factorization, a standard approach in collaborative filtering, can be used to infer missing worker judgments such that all workers influence output labels. Given complete worker judgments inferred by PMF, we evaluate impact in unsupervised and supervised scenarios. In the supervised case, we consider both weighted voting and worker selection strategies based on worker accuracy. Experiments on crowd judgments from the 2010 TREC Relevance Feedback Track show promise of the PMF approach merits further investigation and analysis.	Inferring missing relevance judgments from crowd workers via probabilistic matrix factorization	NA:NA	2018
Ronan Cummins	The standard deviation of scores in the top k documents of a ranked list has been shown to be significantly correlated with average precision and has been the basis of a number of query performance predictors. In this paper, we outline two hypotheses that aid in understanding this correlation. Using score distribution (SD) models with known parameters, we create a large number of document rankings using Monte Carlo simulation to test the validity of these hypotheses.	Investigating performance predictors using monte carlo simulation and score distribution models	NA	2018
Nattiya Kanhabua:Klaus Berberich:Kjetil Nørvåg	Time-aware retrieval models exploit one of two time dimensions, namely, (a) publication time or (b) content time (temporal expressions mentioned in documents). We show that the effectiveness for a temporal query (e.g., illinois earthquake 1968) depends significantly on which time dimension is factored into ranking results. Motivated by this, we propose a machine learning approach to select the most suitable time-aware retrieval model for a given temporal query. Our method uses three classes of features obtained from analyzing distributions over two time dimensions, a distribution over terms, and retrieval scores within top-k result documents. Experiments on real-world data with crowdsourced relevance assessments show the potential of our approach.	Learning to select a time-aware retrieval model	NA:NA:NA	2018
Po-Tzu Chang:Yen-Chieh Huang:Cheng-Lun Yang:Shou-De Lin:Pu-Jen Cheng	To model time-dependent user intent for Web search, this paper proposes a novel method using machine learning techniques to exploit temporal features for effective time-sensitive search result re-ranking. We propose models to incorporate users' click through information for queries that are seen in the training data, and then further extend the model to deal with unseen queries considering the relationship between queries. Experiment shows significant improvement on search result ranking over original search outputs.	Learning-based time-sensitive re-ranking for web search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gobaan Raveendran:Charles L.A. Clarke	We develop and discuss a news comment miner that presents distinct viewpoints on a given theme or event. Given a query, the system uses metasearch techniques to find relevant news articles. Relevant articles are then scraped for both article content and comments. Snippets from the comments are sampled and presented to the user, based on theme popularity and contrastiveness to previously selected snippets. The system design focuses on being quicker and more lightweight than recent topic modelling approaches, while still focusing on selecting orthogonal snippets.	Lightweight contrastive summarization for news comment mining	NA:NA	2018
Ferhan Ture:Jimmy Lin:Douglas W. Oard	Cross-language information retrieval (CLIR) today is dominated by techniques that use token-to-token mappings from bilingual dictionaries. Yet, state-of-the-art statistical translation models (e.g., using Synchronous Context-Free Grammars) are far richer, capturing multi-term phrases, term dependencies, and contextual constraints on translation choice. We present a novel CLIR framework that is able to reach inside the translation "black box" and exploit these sources of evidence. Experiments on the TREC-5/6 English-Chinese test collection show this approach to be promising.	Looking inside the box: context-sensitive translation for cross-language information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Johannes Leveling:Gareth J.F. Jones	With the increasing popularity of mobile and hand-held devices, automatic approaches for adapting results to the limited screen size of mobile devices are becoming more important. Traditional approaches for reducing the length of textual results include summarization and snippet extraction. In this study, we investigate document rewriting techniques which retain the meaning and readability of the original text. Evaluations on different document sets show that i) rewriting documents considerably reduces document length and thus, scrolling effort on devices with limited screen size, and ii) the rewritten documents have a higher readability.	Making results fit into 40 characters: a study in document rewriting	NA:NA	2018
Zhongrui Ma:Yu Chen:Ruihua Song:Tetsuya Sakai:Jiaheng Lu:Ji-Rong Wen	Query suggestion is a useful tool to help users express their information needs by supplying alternative queries. When evaluating the effectiveness of query suggestion algorithms, many previous studies focus on measuring whether a suggestion query is relevant or not to the input query. This assessment criterion is too simple to describe users' requirements. In this paper, we introduce two scenarios of query suggestion. The first scenario represents cases where the search result of the input query is unsatisfactory. The second scenario represents cases where the search result is satisfactory but the user may be looking for alternative solutions. Based on the two scenarios, we propose two assessment criteria. Our labeling results indicate that the new assessment criteria provide finer distinctions among query suggestions than the traditional relevance-based criterion.	New assessment criteria for query suggestion	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nicholas Joel Woodward:Weijia Xu:Kent Norsworthy	An emerging need in information retrieval is to identify a set of documents conforming to an abstract description. This task presents two major challenges to existing methods of document retrieval and classification. First, similarity based on overall content is less effective because there may be great variance in both content and subject of documents produced for similar functions, e.g. a presidential speech or a government ministry white paper. Second, the function of the document can be defined based on user interests or the specific data set through a set of existing examples, which cannot be described with standard categories. Additionally, the increasing volume and complexity of document collections demands new scalable computational solutions. We conducted a case study using web-archived data from the Latin American Government Documents Archive (LAGDA) to illustrate these problems and challenges. We propose a new hybrid approach based on Naïve Bayes inference that uses mixed n-gram models obtained from a training set to classify documents in the corpus. The approach has been developed to exploit parallel processing for large scale data set. The preliminary work shows promising results with improved accuracy for this type of retrieval problem.	On automatically tagging web documents from examples	NA:NA:NA	2018
Richard McCreadie:Ian Soboroff:Jimmy Lin:Craig Macdonald:Iadh Ounis:Dean McCullough	The Twitter real-time information network is the subject of research for information retrieval tasks such as real-time search. However, so far, reproducible experimentation on Twitter data has been impeded by restrictions imposed by the Twitter terms of service. In this paper, we detail a new methodology for legally building and distributing Twitter corpora, developed through collaboration between the Text REtrieval Conference (TREC) and Twitter. In particular, we detail how the first publicly available Twitter corpus - referred to as Tweets2011 - was distributed via lists of tweet identifiers and specialist tweet crawling software. Furthermore, we analyse whether this distribution approach remains robust over time, as tweets in the corpus are removed either by users or Twitter itself. Tweets2011 was successfully used by 58 participating groups for the TREC 2011 Microblog track, while our results attest to the robustness of the crawling methodology over time.	On building a reusable Twitter corpus	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Emine Yilmaz:Gabriella Kazai:Nick Craswell:Saied Mehrizi Tahaghoghi	In information retrieval, relevance judgments play an important role as they are required both for evaluating the quality of retrieval systems and for training learning to rank algorithms. In recent years, numerous papers have been published using judgments obtained from a commercial search engine by researchers in industry. As typically no information is provided about the quality of these judgments, their reliability for evaluating/training retrieval systems remains questionable. In this paper, we analyze the reliability of such judgments for evaluating the quality of retrieval systems by comparing them to judgments by NIST judges at TREC.	On judgments obtained from a commercial search engine	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kar Wai Lim:Scott Sanner:Shengbo Guo	It has been previously noted that optimization of the n[email protected]k relevance objective (i.e., a set-based objective that is 1 if at least n documents in a set of k are relevant, otherwise 0) encourages more result set diversification for smaller n, but this statement has never been formally quantified. In this work, we explicitly derive the mathematical relationship between expected [email protected] and the relevance vs. diversity trade-off --- through fortuitous cancellations in the resulting combinatorial optimization, we show the trade-off is a simple and intuitive function of n (notably independent of the result set size k e n), where diversification increases as n approaches 1.	On the mathematical relationship between expected n-[email protected] and the relevance vs. diversity trade-off	NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephen E. Robertson:Evangelos Kanoulas	Lab-based evaluations typically assess the quality of a retrieval system with respect to its ability to retrieve documents that are relevant to the information need of an end user. In a real-time search task however users not only wish to retrieve the most relevant items but the most recent as well. The current evaluation framework is not adequate to assess the ability of a system to retrieve both recent and relevant items, and the one proposed in the recent TREC Microblog Track has certain flaws that quickly became apparent to the organizers. In this poster, we redefine the experiment for a real-time ad-hoc search task, by setting new submission requirements for the submitted systems/runs, proposing metrics to be used in evaluating the submissions, and suggesting a pooling strategy to be used to gather relevance judgments towards the computation of the described metrics. The proposed task can indeed assess the quality of a retrieval system with regard to retrieving both relevant and timely information.	On real-time ad-hoc retrieval evaluation	NA:NA	2018
Marco Bonzanini:Miguel Martinez-Alvarez:Thomas Roelleke	In on-line reviews, authors often use a short passage to describe the overall feeling about a product or a service. A review as a whole can mention many details not in line with the overall feeling, so capturing this key passage is important to understand the overall sentiment of the review. This paper investigates the use of extractive summarisation in the context of sentiment classification. The aim is to find the summary sentence, or the short passage, which gives the overall sentiment of the review, filtering out potential noisy information. Experiments on a movie review data-set show that subjectivity detection plays a central role in building summaries for sentiment classification. Subjective extracts carry the same polarity of the full text reviews, while statistical and positional approaches are not able to capture this aspect.	Opinion summarisation through sentence extraction: an investigation with movie reviews	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yury Logachev:Pavel Serdyukov	Most popular IR metrics are parameterized. Usually parameters of these metrics are chosen on the basis of general considerations and not adjusted by experiments with real users. Particularly, the parameters of the Expected Reciprocal Rank measure are the normalized parameters of the DCG metric, and the latter are chosen in an ad-hoc manner. We suggest an approach for adjusting parameters of the ERR metric that allows to reach maximum agreement with the real users behavior. More exactly, we optimized the parameters by maximizing Pearson weighted correlation between ERR and several online click metrics. For each click metric we managed to find the parameters of ERR that result into its higher correlation with the given online click metric.	Optimizing parameters of the expected reciprocal rank	NA:NA	2018
Tim Gollub:Benno Stein:Steven Burrows	With its close ties to the Web, the IR community is destined to leverage the dissemination and collaboration capabilities that the Web provides today. Especially with the advent of the software as a service principle, an IR community is conceivable that publishes experiments executable by anyone over the Web. A review of recent SIGIR papers shows that we are far away from this vision of collaboration. The benefits of publishing IR experiments as a service are striking for the community as a whole, and include potential to boost research profiles and reputation. However, the additional work must be kept to a minimum and sensitive data must be kept private for this paradigm to become an accepted practice. To foster experiments as a service in IR, we present a Web framework for experiments that addresses the outlined challenges and possesses a unique set of compelling features in comparison to existing solutions. We also describe how our reference implementation is already used officially as an evaluation platform for an established international plagiarism detection competition.	Ousting ivory tower research: towards a web framework for providing experiments as a service	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shilpa Shukla:Matthew Lease:Ambuj Tewari	As ever-larger training sets for learning to rank are created, scalability of learning has become increasingly important to achieving continuing improvements in ranking accuracy. Exploiting independence of "summation form" computations, we show how each iteration in ListNet gradient descent can benefit from parallel execution. We seek to draw the attention of the IR community to use Spark, a newly introduced distributed cluster computing system, for reducing training time of iterative learning to rank algorithms. Unlike MapReduce, Spark is especially suited for iterative and interactive algorithms. Our results show near linear reduction in ListNet training time using Spark on Amazon EC2 clusters.	Parallelizing ListNet training using spark	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shoubin Kong:Ling Feng:Guozheng Sun:Kan Luo	In microblog like Twitter, popular tweets are usually retweeted by many users. For different tweets, their lifespans (i.e., how long they will stay popular) vary. This paper presents a simple yet effective approach to predict the lifespans of popular tweets based on their static characteristics and dynamic retweeting patterns. For a potentially popular tweet, we generate a time series based on its first-hour retweeting information, and compare it with those of historic tweets of the same author and post time (at the granularity of hour). The top-k historic tweets are identified, whose mean lifespan is estimated as the lifespan of the new tweet. Our experiments on a three-month real data set from Tencent Microblog demonstrate the effectiveness of the approach.	Predicting lifespans of popular tweets in microblog	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Birger Larsen:Christina Lioma:Ingo Frommholz:Hinrich Schütze	Books only represented by brief metadata (book records) are particularly hard to retrieve. One way of improving their retrieval is by extracting retrieval enhancing features from them. This work focusses on scientific (physics) book records. We ask if their technical terminology can be used as a retrieval enhancing feature. A study of 18,443 book records shows a strong correlation between their technical terminology and their likelihood of relevance. Using this finding for retrieval yields >+5% precision and recall gains.	Preliminary study of technical terminology for the retrieval of scientific book metadata records	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Athanasia Koumpouri:Vasiliki Simaki	Until recently, the lack of user activity on search results was perceived as a sign of user dissatisfaction from retrieval performance. However, recent studies have reported that some queries might not be followed by clicks to the content of the retrieved results, because the search task can be satisfied in the list of retrieved results the user views without the need to click through them. In this paper, we propose a method for evaluating user satisfaction from the results of searches that are not followed by clickthrough activity to the retrieved results. We found that there is a strong association between some implicit measures of user activity and user's explicit satisfaction judgments. Moreover, we developed a predictive model of user satisfaction based on implicit measures, achieving accuracy up to 86%.	Queries without clicks: evaluating retrieval effectiveness based on user feedback	NA:NA	2018
Besnik Fetahu:Ralf Schenkel	Ranking of retrieval systems for focused tasks requires large number of relevance judgments. We propose an approach that minimizes the number of relevance judgments, where the performance measures are approximated using a Monte-Carlo sampling technique. Partial measures are taken using relevance judgments, whereas the remaining part of passages are annotated using a generated relevance probability distribution based on result rank. We define two conditions for stopping the assessment procedure when the ranking between systems is stable.	Retrieval evaluation on focused tasks	NA:NA	2018
Jiashu Zhao:Jimmy Xiangji Huang:Shicheng Wu	We investigate the effect of rewarding terms according to their locations in documents for probabilistic information retrieval. The intuition behind our approach is that a large amount of authors would summarize their ideas in some particular parts of documents. In this paper, we focus on the beginning part of documents. Several shape functions are defined to simulate the influence of term location information. We propose a Reward Term Retrieval model that combines the reward terms' information with BM25 to enhance probabilistic information retrieval performance.	Rewarding term location information to enhance probabilistic information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ana Freire:Craig Macdonald:Nicola Tonellotto:Iadh Ounis:Fidel Cacheda	For increased efficiency, an information retrieval system can split its index into multiple shards, and then replicate these shards across many query servers. For each new query, an appropriate replica for each shard must be selected, such that the query is answered as quickly as possible. Typically, the replica with the lowest number of queued queries is selected. However, not every query takes the same time to execute, particularly if a dynamic pruning strategy is applied by each query server. Hence, the replica's queue length is an inaccurate indicator of the workload of a replica, and can result in inefficient usage of the replicas. In this work, we propose that improved replica selection can be obtained by using query efficiency prediction to measure the expected workload of a replica. Experiments are conducted using 2.2k queries, over various numbers of shards and replicas for the large GOV2 collection. Our results show that query waiting and completion times can be markedly reduced, showing that accurate response time predictions can improve scheduling accuracy and attesting the benefit of the proposed scheduling algorithm.	Scheduling queries across replicas	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dmitry Lagun:Eugene Agichtein	Previous studies of web search result examination have provided valuable insights in understanding and modelling searcher behavior. Yet, recent work (e.g., [3]) has been developed based on the assumption that the time a searcher spends examining a particular result abstract or snippet, correlates with result relevance. While this idea is intuitively attractive, to the best of our knowledge it has not been empirically tested. This poster investigates this hypothesis empirically, in a controlled setting, using eye tracking equipment to compare search result examination time with result relevance. Interestingly, while we replicate previous findings showing examination time to be indicative of whole-page relevance, we find that viewing time of individual results alone is a poor indicator of either absolute result relevance or even of pairwise preferences. Our results should not be taken as negating the usefulness of modeling searcher examination behavior, but rather to emphasize that snippet examination time is not in itself a good indicator of relevance.	Re-examining search result snippet examination time for relevance estimation	NA:NA	2018
Kunpeng Zhang:Yusheng Xie:Yu Cheng:Daniel Honbo:Doug Downey:Ankit Agrawal:Wei-keng Liao:Alok Choudhary	This paper proposes a method based on conditional random fields to incorporate sentence structure (syntax and semantics) and context information to identify sentiments of sentences within a document. It also proposes and evaluates two different active learning strategies for labeling sentiment data. The experiments with the proposed approach demonstrate a 5-15% improvement in accuracy on Amazon customer reviews compared to existing supervised learning and rule-based methods.	Sentiment identification by incorporating syntax, semantics and context information	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aixin Sun	We propose a simple, scalable, and non-parametric approach for short text classification. Leveraging the well studied and scalable Information Retrieval (IR) framework, our approach mimics human labeling process for a piece of short text. It first selects the most representative and topical-indicative words from a given short text as query words, and then searches for a small set of labeled short texts best matching the query words. The predicted category label is the majority vote of the search results. Evaluated on a collection of more than 12K Web snippets, the proposed approach achieves comparable classification accuracy with the baseline Maximum Entropy classifier using as few as 3 query words and top-5 best matching search hits. Among the four query word selection schemes proposed and evaluated in our experiments, term frequency together with clarity gives the best classification accuracy.	Short text classification using very few words	NA	2018
Dingding Wang:Mitsunori Ogihara:Tao Li	With the rapid growth of social media websites, microblogging has become a popular way to spread instant news and events. Due to the dynamic and social nature of microblogs, extracting useful information from microblogs is more challenging than from the traditional news articles. In this paper we study the problem of summarizing the differences from microblogs. Given a collection of microblogs discussing an event/topic, we propose to generate a short summary delivering the differences among these microblogs, such as the different points of view for a news topic and the changes and evolution of an ongoing event.	Summarizing the differences from microblogs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Si-Chi Chin:W. Nick Street	Click logs from search engines provide a rich opportunity to acquire implicit feedback from users. Patterns derived from the time between a posted query and a click provide information on the ranking quality, reflecting the perceived relevance of a retrieved URL. This paper applies the Kaplan-Meier estimator to study click patterns. The visualization of click curves demonstrates the interaction between the relevance and the rank position of URLs. The observed results demonstrate the potential of using click curves to predict the quality of the top-ranked results.	Survival analysis of click logs	NA:NA	2018
Ryen W. White:Georg Buscher	Users' search activity has been used as implicit feedback to model search interests and improve the performance of search systems. In search engines, this behavior usually takes the form of queries and result clicks. However, richer data on how people engage with search results can now be captured at scale, creating new opportu-nities to enhance search. In this poster we focus on one type of newly-observable behavior: text selection events on search-result captions. We show that we can use text selections as implicit feedback to significantly improve search result relevance.	Text selections as implicit relevance feedback	NA:NA	2018
Mark D. Smucker:Chandra Prakash Jethani	When human assessors judge documents for their relevance to a search topic, it is possible for errors in judging to occur. As part of the analysis of the data collected from a 48 participant user study, we have discovered that when the participants made relevance judgments, the average participant spent more time to make errorful judgments than to make correct judgments. Thus, in relevance assessing scenarios similar to our user study, it may be possible to use the time taken to judge a document as an indicator of assessor error. Such an indicator could be used to identify documents that are candidates for adjudication or reassessment.	Time to judge relevance as an indicator of assessor error	NA:NA	2018
Lili Jiang:Jianyong Wang:Ping Luo:Ning An:Min Wang	Entity aliases commonly exist and accurately detecting these aliases plays a vital role in various applications. In this paper, we use an active-learning-based method to detect aliases without string similarity. To minimize the cost on pairwise comparison, a subset-based method restricts the alias selection within a small-scale entity set. Within each generated entity set, an active learning based logistic regression classifier is employed to predict whether a candidate is the alias of a given entity. The experimental results on three datasets clearly demonstrate that our proposed approach can effectively detect this kind of entity aliases.	Towards alias detection without string similarity: an active learning based approach	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tetsuya Sakai	In this poster, we propose two evaluation tasks for mobile information access. The first task evaluates the system's ability to guess what the user's query should be given a context ("Knowing What"). The second task evaluates the system's ability to decide when to proactively deploy a given query ("Knowing When"). We conduct a preliminary manual analysis of a mobile query log to limit the space of possible queries so as to design feasible and practical evaluation tasks.	Towards zero-click mobile IR evaluation: knowing what and knowing when	NA	2018
Gilad Mishne:Jimmy Lin	It is well known that anchor text plays an important role in search, providing signals that are often not present in the source document itself. The paper reports results of a preliminary investigation on the value of tweets and tweet conversations as anchor text. We show that using tweets as anchors improves significantly over using HTML anchors, and significantly increases recall of news item retrieval.	Twanchor text: a preliminary study of the value of tweets as anchor text	NA:NA	2018
Ilya Markov:Avi Arampatzis:Fabio Crestani	We give a fresh look into score normalization for merging result-lists, isolating the problem from other components. We focus on three of the simplest, practical, and widely-used linear methods which do not require any training data, i.e. MinMax, Sum, and Z-Score. We provide theoretical arguments on why and when the methods work, and evaluate them experimentally. We find that MinMax is the most robust under many circumstances, and that Sum is - in contrast to previous literature - the worst. Based on the insights gained, we propose another three simple methods which work as good or better than the baselines.	Unsupervised linear score normalization revisited	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongyuan Ma:Bin Wang	Query results caching is an efficient technique for Web search engines. In this paper we present User-Aware Cache, a novel approach tailored for query results caching, that is based on user characteristics. We then use a trace of around 30 million queries to evaluate User-Aware Cache, as well as traditional methods and theoretical upper bounds. Experimental results show that this approach can achieve hit ratios better than state-of-the-art methods.	User-aware caching and prefetching query results in web search engines	NA:NA	2018
Vu Tuan Tran:Norbert Fuhr	Based on a new framework for capturing dynamic areas of interest in eye-tracking, we model the user search process as a Markov-chain. The analysis indicates possible system improvements and yields parameter estimates for the Interactive Probability Ranking Principle (IPRP).	Using eye-tracking with dynamic areas of interest for analyzing interactive information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Praveen Chandar:Ben Carterette	Recently, researchers have shown interest in the use of preference judgments for evaluation in IR literature. Although preference judgments have several advantages over absolute judgment, one of the major disadvantages is that the number of judgments needed increases polynomially as the number of documents in the pool increases. We propose a novel method using PageRank to minimize the number of judgments required to evaluate systems using preference judgments. We test the proposed hypotheses using the TREC 2004 to 2006 Terabyte dataset to show that it is possible to reduce the evaluation cost considerably. Further, we study the susceptibility of the methods due to assessor errors.	Using PageRank to infer user preferences	NA:NA	2018
Savva Khalaman:Oren Kurland	We demonstrate the merits of using inter-document similarities for federated search. Specifically, we study a results merging method that utilizes information induced from clusters of similar documents created across the lists retrieved from the collections. The method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art results merging approaches.	Utilizing inter-document similarities in federated search	NA:NA	2018
Wen Li:Carsten Eickhoff:Arjen P. de Vries	Twitter and Foursquare are two well-connected platforms for sharing information where growing numbers of users post location-related messages. In contrast to the longitude-latitude geotags commonly used online, e.g., on photos and tweets, new place-tags containing category information show more human-readable high-level information rather than a pair of coordinates. This grants an opportunity for better understanding users' physical locations which can be used as context to facilitate other applications, e.g., location context-aware advertisement. In this paper, we verify the assumption that users' current trails contain cues of their future routes. The results from the preliminary experiments show promising performance of a basic Markov Chain-based model.	Want a coffee?: predicting users' trails	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zongyang Ma:Aixin Sun:Gao Cong	Hashtags are widely used in Twitter to define a shared context for events or topics. In this paper, we aim to predict hashtag popularity in near future (i.e., next day). Given a hashtag that has the potential to be popular in the next day, we construct a hashtag profile using the tweets containing the hashtag, and extract both content and context features for hashtag popularity prediction. We model this prediction problem as a classification problem and evaluate the effectiveness of the extracted features and classification models.	Will this #hashtag be popular tomorrow?	NA:NA:NA	2018
Henry Tan:Nazli Goharian:Micah Sherr	Mobile SMS spam is on the rise and is a prevalent problem. While recent work has shown that simple machine learning techniques can distinguish between ham and spam with high accuracy, this paper explores the individual contributions of various textual features in the classification process. Our results reveal the surprising finding that simple is better: using the largest spam corpus of which we are aware, we find that using simple textual features is sufficient to provide accuracy that is nearly identical to that achieved by the best known techniques, while achieving a twofold speedup.	$100,000 prize jackpot. call now!: identifying the pertinent features of SMS spam	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hang Li:Jun Xu	NA	Beyond bag-of-words: machine learning for query-document matching in web search	NA:NA	2018
Giuseppe Carenini:Gabrial Murray	More and more today, people are engaging in conversations via email, blogs, discussion forums, text messaging and other social media. A person may want to archive these conversations and later retrieve information about what was discussed, or analyze a conversation in real-time. What topics are covered in these conversations? What opinions are people expressing? Have any decisions been made? Have action items been assigned? This tutorial will present various natural language processing (NLP) techniques that can help answer these questions, thus creating numerous new and valuable applications that can support people in more effectively participating in these conversation. The tutorial is based on a book that we have recently published, Methods for Mining and Summarizing Text Conversations.	Methods for mining and summarizing text conversations	NA:NA	2018
Matthew Lease:Omar Alonso	The first computers were people. Today, Internet-based access to 24/7 online human crowds has led to a renaissance of research in human computation and the advent of crowdsourcing. These new opportunities have brought a disruptive shift to research and practice for how we build intelligent systems today. Not only can labeled data for training and evaluation be collected faster, cheaper, and easier than ever before, but we now see human computation being integrated into the systems themselves, operating in concert with automation. This tutorial introduces opportunities and challenges of human computation and crowdsourcing, particularly for search evaluation and developing hybrid search solutions that integrate human computation with traditional forms of automated search. We review methodology and findings of recent research and survey current generation crowdsourcing platforms now available, analyzing methods, potential, and limitations across platforms.	Crowdsourcing for search evaluation and social-algorithmic search	NA:NA	2018
Ricardo Baeza-Yates:Yoelle Maarek	NA	(Big) usage data in web search	NA:NA	2018
Paul Kantor	NA	A new look at old tricks: the fertile roots of current research	NA	2018
Samaneh Moghaddam:Martin Ester	"What other people think" has always been an important piece of information for most of us during the decision-making process. Today people tend to make their opinions available to other people via the Internet. As a result, the Web has become an excellent source of consumer opinions. There are now numerous Web resources containing such opinions, e.g., product reviews forums, discussion groups, and blogs. But, it is really difficult for a customer to read all of the reviews and make an informed decision on whether to purchase the product. It is also difficult for the manufacturer of the product to keep track and manage customer opinions. Also, focusing on just user ratings (stars) is not a sufficient source of information for a user or the manufacturer to make decisions. Therefore, mining online reviews (opinion mining) has emerged as an interesting new research direction. Extracting aspects and the corresponding ratings is an important challenge in opinion mining. An aspect is an attribute or component of a product, e.g. 'zoom' for a digital camera. A rating is an intended interpretation of the user satisfaction in terms of numerical values. Reviewers usually express the rating of an aspect by a set of sentiments, e.g. 'great zoom'. In this tutorial we cover opinion mining in online product reviews with the focus on aspect-based opinion mining. This problem is a key task in the area of opinion mining and has attracted a lot of researchers in the information retrieval community recently. Several opinion related information retrieval tasks can benefit from the results of aspect-based opinion mining and therefore it is considered as a fundamental problem. This tutorial covers not only general opinion mining and retrieval tasks, but also state-of-the-art methods, challenges, applications, and also future research directions of aspect-based opinion mining.	Aspect-based opinion mining from product reviews	NA:NA	2018
Donald Metzler:Oren Kurland	NA	Experimental methods for information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Thomas Roelleke	In IR research it is essential to know IR models. Research over the past years has consolidated the foundations of IR models. Moreover, relationships have been reported that help to use and position IR models. Knowing about the foundations and relationships of IR models can significantly improve building information management systems. The first part of this tutorial presents an in-depth consolidation of the foundations of the main IR models (TF-IDF, BM25, LM). Particular attention will be given to notation and probabilistic roots. The second part crystallises the relationships between models. Does LM embody IDF? How "heuristic" is TF-IDF? What are the probabilistic roots? How are LM and the probability of relevance related? What are the components shared by the main IR models? After the tutorial, attendees will be familiar with a consolidated view on IR models. The tutorial will be illustrative and interactive, providing opportunities to exchange controversial issues and research challenges.	IR models: foundations and relationships	NA	2018
Mihai Lupu	The tutorial aims to provide the IR researchers with an understanding of how the patent system works, the challenges that patent searchers face in using the existing tools and in adopting new methods developed in academia. At the same time, the tutorial will inform the IR researcher about the unique opportunities that the patent domain provides: a large amount of multi-lingual and multi-modal documents, the widest possible span of covered domains, a highly annotated corpus and, very importantly, relevance judgements created by experts in the fields and recorded electronically in the documents. The combination of these two objectives leads to the main purpose of the tutorial: to create awareness and to encourage more emphasis on the patent domain in the IR community. Table 1 provides details on how the tutorial covers the topics of the SIGIR conference.	Patent information retrieval: an instance of domain-specific search	NA	2018
Allan Hanbury	Due to an explosion in the amount of medical information available, search techniques are gaining importance in the medical domain. This tutorial discusses recent results on search in the medical domain, including the outcome of surveys on end user requirements, research relevant to the field, and current medical and health search applications available. Finally, the extent to which available techniques meet user requirements are discussed, and open challenges in the field are identified.	Medical information retrieval: an instance of domain-specific search	NA	2018
Oge Marques:Mathias Lux	Visual information retrieval (VIR) is an active and vibrant research area, which attempts at providing means for organizing, indexing, annotating, and retrieving visual information (images and videos) form large, unstructured repositories. The goal of VIR is to retrieve the highest number of relevant matches to a given query (often expressed as an example image and/or a series of keywords). In its early years (1995-2000) the research efforts were dominated by content-based approaches contributed primarily by the image and video processing community. During the past decade, it was widely recognized that the challenges imposed by the semantic gap (the lack of coincidence between an image's visual contents and its semantic interpretation) required a clever use of textual metadata (in addition to information extracted from the image's pixel contents) to make image and video retrieval solutions efficient and effective. The need to bridge (or at least narrow) the semantic gap has been one of the driving forces behind current VIR research. Additionally, other related research problems and market opportunities have started to emerge, offering a broad range of exciting problems for computer scientists and engineers to work on. In this tutorial, we present an overview of visual information retrieval (VIR) concepts, techniques, algorithms, and applications. Several topics are supported by examples written in Java, using Lucene (an open-source Java-based indexing and search implementation) and LIRE (Lucene Image REtrieval), an open-source Java-based library for content-based image retrieval (CBIR) written by Mathias Lux. After motivating the topic, we briefly review the fundamentals of information retrieval, present the most relevant and effective visual descriptors currently used in VIR, the most common indexing approaches for visual descriptors, the most prominent machine learning techniques used in connection with contemporary VIR solutions, as well as the challenges associated with building real-world, large scale VIR solutions, including a brief overview of publicly available datasets used in worldwide challenges, contests, and benchmarks. Throughout the tutorial, we integrate examples using LIRE, whose main features and design principles are also discussed. Finally, we conclude the tutorial with suggestions for deepening the knowledge in the topic, including a brief discussion of the most relevant advances, open challenges, and promising opportunities in VIR and related areas. The tutorial is primarily targeted at experienced Information Retrieval researchers and practitioners interested in extending their knowledge of document-based IR to equivalent concepts, techniques, and challenges in VIR. The acquired knowledge should allow participants to derive insightful conclusions and promising avenues for further investigation.	Visual information retrieval using Java and LIRE	NA:NA	2018
Bin Gao:Taifeng Wang:Tie-Yan Liu	For many information retrieval applications, we need to deal with the ranking problem on very large scale graphs. However, it is non-trivial to perform efficient and effective ranking on them. On one aspect, we need to design scalable algorithms. On another aspect, we also need to develop powerful computational infrastructure to support these algorithms. This tutorial aims at giving a timely introduction to the promising advances in the aforementioned aspects in recent years, and providing the audiences with a comprehensive view on the related literature.	Large-scale graph mining and learning for information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
David Carmel:Oren Kurland	The goal of this tutorial is to expose participants to current research on query performance prediction. Participants will become familiar with state-of-the-art performance prediction methods, with common evaluation methodologies of prediction quality, and with potential applications that can utilize performance predictors. In addition, some open issues and challenges in the field will be discussed. This tutorial is an updated version of the SIGIR 2010 tutorial presented by David Carmel and Elad Yom-Tov on the same subject. This year we intend to expand on new results in the field, in particular focusing on recently developed frameworks that provide a unified model for performance prediction.	Query performance prediction for IR	NA:NA	2018
Chirag Shah	The assumption of information seekers being independent and IR problem being individual has been challenged often in the recent past, with an argument that the next big leap in search and retrieval will come through incorporating social and collaborative aspects of information seeking. This half-day tutorial will introduce the student to theories, methodologies, and tools that focus on information retrieval/seeking in collaboration. The student will have an opportunity to learn about the social aspect of IR with a focus on collaborative information seeking (CIS) situations, systems, and evaluation techniques. The course is intended for those interested in social and collaborative aspects of IR (from both academia and industry), and requires only a general understanding of IR systems and evaluation.	Collaborative information seeking: art and science of achieving 1+1>2 in IR	NA	2018
John R. Smith	In this talk we present a perspective across multiple industry problems, including safety and security, medical, Web, social and mobile media, and motivate the need for large-scale analysis and retrieval of multimedia data. We describe a multi-layer architecture that incorporates capabilities for audio-visual feature extraction, machine learning and semantic modeling and provides a powerful framework for learning and classifying contents of multimedia data. We discuss the role semantic ontologies for representing audio-visual concepts and relationships, which are essential for training semantic classifiers. We discuss the importance of using faceted classification schemes in particular for organizing multimedia semantic concepts in order to achieve effective learning and retrieval. We also show how training and scoring of multimedia semantics can be implemented on big data distributed computing platforms to address both massive-scale analysis and low-latency processing. We describe multiple efforts at IBM on image and video analysis and retrieval, including IBM Multimedia Analysis and Retrieval System (IMARS), and show recent results for semantic-based classification and retrieval. We conclude with future directions for improving analysis of multimedia through interactive and curriculum-based techniques for multimedia semantics-based learning and retrieval.	Riding the multimedia big data wave	NA	2018
Ryen White	People's beliefs, and unconscious biases that arise from those beliefs, influence their judgment, decision making, and actions, as is commonly accepted among psychologists. Biases can be observed in information retrieval in situations where searchers seek or are presented with information that significantly deviates from the truth. There is little understanding of the impact of such biases in search. In this paper we study search-related biases via multiple probes: an exploratory retrospective survey, human labeling of the captions and results returned by a Web search engine, and a large-scale log analysis of search behavior on that engine. Targeting yes-no questions in the critical domain of health search, we show that Web searchers exhibit their own biases and are also subject to bias from the search engine. We clearly observe searchers favoring positive information over negative and more than expected given base rates based on consensus answers from physicians. We also show that search engines strongly favor a particular, usually positive, perspective, irrespective of the truth. Importantly, we show that these biases can be counterproductive and affect search outcomes; in our study, around half of the answers that searchers settled on were actually incorrect. Our findings have implications for search engine design, including the development of ranking algorithms that con-sider the desire to satisfy searchers (by validating their beliefs) and providing accurate answers and properly considering base rates. Incorporating likelihood information into search is particularly important for consequential tasks, such as those with a medical focus.	Beliefs and biases in web search	NA	2018
Mikhail Ageev:Dmitry Lagun:Eugene Agichtein	Query-biased search result summaries, or "snippets", help users decide whether a result is relevant for their information need, and have become increasingly important for helping searchers with difficult or ambiguous search tasks. Previously published snippet generation algorithms have been primarily based on selecting document fragments most similar to the query, which does not take into account which parts of the document the searchers actually found useful. We present a new approach to improving result summaries by incorporating post-click searcher behavior data, such as mouse cursor movements and scrolling over the result documents. To achieve this aim, we develop a method for collecting behavioral data with precise association between searcher intent, document examination behavior, and the corresponding document fragments. In turn, this allows us to incorporate page examination behavior signals into a novel Behavior-Biased Snippet generation system (BeBS). By mining searcher examination data, BeBS infers document fragments of most interest to users, and combines this evidence with text-based features to select the most promising fragments for inclusion in the result summary. Our extensive experiments and analysis demonstrate that our method improves the quality of result summaries compared to existing state-of-the-art methods. We believe that this work opens a new direction for improving search result presentation, and we make available the code and the search behavior data used in this study to encourage further research in this area.	Improving search result summaries by using searcher behavior data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Leif Azzopardi:Diane Kelly:Kathy Brennan	affects how users interact with a search system. Microeconomic theory is used to generate the cost-interaction hypothesis that states as the cost of querying increases, users will pose fewer queries and examine more documents per query. A between-subjects laboratory study with 36 undergraduate subjects was conducted, where subjects were randomly assigned to use one of three search interfaces that varied according to the amount of physical cost required to query: Structured (high cost), Standard (medium cost) and Query Suggestion (low cost). Results show that subjects who used the Structured interface submitted significantly fewer queries, spent more time on search results pages, examined significantly more documents per query, and went to greater depths in the search results list. Results also showed that these subjects spent longer generating their initial queries, saved more relevant documents and rated their queries as more successful. These findings have implications for the usefulness of microeconomic theory as a way to model and explain search interaction, as well as for the design of query facilities.	How query cost affects search behavior	NA:NA:NA	2018
Denis Savenkov:Dmitry Lagun:Qiaoling Liu	Sometimes, during a search task users may switch from one search engine to another for several reasons, e.g., dissatisfaction with the current search results or desire for broader topic coverage. Detecting the fact of switching is difficult but important for understanding users' satisfaction with the search engine and the complexity of their search tasks, leading to economic significance for search providers. Previous research on switching detection mainly focused on studying different signals useful for the task and particular reasons for switching. Although it is known that switching is a personal choice of a user and different users have different search behavior, little has been done to understand how these differences could be used for switching detection. In this paper we study the effectiveness of learning personal behavior patterns for switching detection and present a personalized approach which uses user's session history containing sessions with and without switches. Experiments show that users' personal habits and behavior patterns are indeed among the most informative signals. Our findings can be used by a search log analyzer for engine switching detection and potentially other log mining problems, thus providing valuable signals for search providers to improve user experience.	Search engine switching detection based on user personal preferences and behavior patterns	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yan Chen:Hadi Amiri:Zhoujun Li:Tat-Seng Chua	Microblog services have emerged as an essential way to strengthen the communications among individuals and organizations. These services promote timely and active discussions and comments towards products, markets as well as public events, and have attracted a lot of attentions from organizations. In particular, emerging topics are of immediate concerns to organizations since they signal current concerns of, and feedback by their users. Two challenges must be tackled for effective emerging topic detection. One is the problem of real-time relevant data collection and the other is the ability to model the emerging characteristics of detected topics and identify them before they become hot topics. To tackle these challenges, we first design a novel scheme to crawl the relevant messages related to the designated organization by monitoring multi-aspects of microblog content, including users, the evolving keywords and their temporal sequence. We then develop an incremental clustering framework to detect new topics, and employ a range of content and temporal features to help in promptly detecting hot emerging topics. Extensive evaluations on a representative real-world dataset based on Twitter data demonstrate that our scheme is able to characterize emerging topics well and detect them before they become hot topics.	Emerging topic detection for organizations from microblogs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Richard Berendsen:Manos Tsagkias:Wouter Weerkamp:Maarten de Rijke	Recent years have witnessed a persistent interest in generating pseudo test collections, both for training and evaluation purposes. We describe a method for generating queries and relevance judgments for microblog search in an unsupervised way. Our starting point is this intuition: tweets with a hashtag are relevant to the topic covered by the hashtag and hence to a suitable query derived from the hashtag. Our baseline method selects all commonly used hashtags, and all associated tweets as relevance judgments; we then generate a query from these tweets. Next, we generate a timestamp for each query, allowing us to use temporal information in the training process. We then enrich the generation process with knowledge derived from an editorial test collection for microblog search. We use our pseudo test collections in two ways. First, we tune parameters of a variety of well known retrieval methods on them. Correlations with parameter sweeps on an editorial test collection are high on average, with a large variance over retrieval algorithms. Second, we use the pseudo test collections as training sets in a learning to rank scenario. Performance close to training on an editorial test collection is achieved in many cases. Our results demonstrate the utility of tuning and training microblog search algorithms on automatically generated training material.	Pseudo test collections for training and tuning microblog rankers	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jun Zhang:Chaokun Wang:Philip S. Yu:Jianmin Wang	It's well known that the transitivity of friendship is a popular sociological principle in social networks. However, it's still unknown that to what extent people's friend-making behaviors follow this principle and to what extent it can benefit the link prediction task. In this paper, we try to adopt this sociological principle to explain the evolution of networks and study the latent friendship propagation. Unlike traditional link prediction approaches, we model link formation as results of individuals' friend-making behaviors combined with personal interests. We propose the Latent Friendship Propagation Network (LFPN), which depicts the evolution progress of one's egocentric network and reveals future growth potentials driven by the transitivity of friendship based on personal interests. We model individuals' social behaviors using the Latent Friendship Propagation Model (LFPM), a probabilistic generative model from which the LFPN can be learned effectively. To evaluate the power of the friendship propagation in link prediction, we design LFPN-RW which models the friend-making behavior as a random walk upon the LFPN naturally and captures the co-influence effect of the friend circles as well as personal interests to provide more accurate prediction. Experimental results on real-world datasets show that LFPN-RW outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches. This convinces that the transitivity of friendship actually plays important roles in the evolution of social networks.	Learning latent friendship propagation networks with interest awareness for link prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Ma	Social recommendation problems have drawn a lot of attention recently due to the prevalence of social networking sites. The experiments in previous literature suggest that social information is very effective in improving traditional recommendation algorithms. However, explicit social information is not always available in most of the recommender systems, which limits the impact of social recommendation techniques. In this paper, we study the following two research problems: (1) In some systems without explicit social information, can we still improve recommender systems using implicit social information? (2) In the systems with explicit social information, can the performance of using implicit social information outperform that of using explicit social information? In order to answer these two questions, we conduct comprehensive experimental analysis on three recommendation datasets. The result indicates that: (1) Implicit user and item social information, including similar and dissimilar relationships, can be employed to improve traditional recommendation methods. (2) When comparing implicit social information with explicit social information, the performance of using implicit information is slightly worse. This study provides additional insights to social recommendation techniques, and also greatly widens the utility and spreads the impact of previous and upcoming social recommendation approaches.	An experimental study on implicit social recommendation	NA	2018
Henry Feild:James Allan	When generating query recommendations for a user, a natural approach is to try and leverage not only the user's most recently submitted query, or reference query, but also information about the current search context, such as the user's recent search interactions. We focus on two important classes of queries that make up search contexts: those that address the same information need as the reference query (on-task queries), and those that do not (off-task queries). We analyze the effects on query recommendation performance of using contexts consisting of only on-task queries, only off-task queries, and a mix of the two. Using TREC Session Track data for simulations, we demonstrate that on-task context is helpful on average but can be easily overwhelmed when off-task queries are interleaved---a common situation according to several analyses of commercial search logs. To minimize the impact of off-task queries on recommendation performance, we consider automatic methods of identifying such queries using a state of the art search task identification technique. Our experimental results show that automatic search task identification can eliminate the effect of off-task queries in a mixed context. We also introduce a novel generalized model for generating recommendations over a search context. While we only consider query text in this study, the model can handle integration over arbitrary user search behavior, such as page visits, dwell times, and query abandonment. In addition, it can be used for other types of recommendation, including personalized web search.	Task-aware query recommendation	NA:NA	2018
Weize Kong:James Allan	Web search queries are often ambiguous or multi-faceted, which makes a simple ranked list of results inadequate. To assist information finding for such faceted queries, we explore a technique that explicitly represents interesting facets of a query using groups of semantically related terms extracted from search results. As an example, for the query ``baggage allowance'', these groups might be different airlines, different flight types (domestic, international), or different travel classes (first, business, economy). We name these groups query facets and the terms in these groups facet terms. We develop a supervised approach based on a graphical model to recognize query facets from the noisy candidates found. The graphical model learns how likely a candidate term is to be a facet term as well as how likely two terms are to be grouped together in a query facet, and captures the dependencies between the two factors. We propose two algorithms for approximate inference on the graphical model since exact inference is intractable. Our evaluation combines recall and precision of the facet terms with the grouping quality. Experimental results on a sample of web queries show that the supervised method significantly outperforms existing approaches, which are mostly unsupervised, suggesting that query facet extraction can be effectively learned.	Extracting query facets from search results	NA:NA	2018
Milad Shokouhi	Query auto-completion (QAC) is one of the most prominent features of modern search engines. The list of query candidates is generated according to the prefix entered by the user in the search box and is updated on each new key stroke. Query prefixes tend to be short and ambiguous, and existing models mostly rely on the past popularity of matching candidates for ranking. However, the popularity of certain queries may vary drastically across different demographics and users. For instance, while instagram and imdb have comparable popularities overall and are both legitimate candidates to show for prefix i, the former is noticeably more popular among young female users, and the latter is more likely to be issued by men. In this paper, we present a supervised framework for personalizing auto-completion ranking. We introduce a novel labelling strategy for generating offline training labels that can be used for learning personalized rankers. We compare the effectiveness of several user-specific and demographic-based features and show that among them, the user's long-term search history and location are the most effective for personalizing auto-completion rankers. We perform our experiments on the publicly available AOL query logs, and also on the larger-scale logs of Bing. The results suggest that supervised rankers enhanced by personalization features can significantly outperform the existing popularity-based base-lines, in terms of mean reciprocal rank (MRR) by up to 9%.	Learning to personalize query auto-completion	NA	2018
Parvaz Mahdabi:Shima Gerani:Jimmy Xiangji Huang:Fabio Crestani	Patent prior art search is a task in patent retrieval where the goal is to rank documents which describe prior art work related to a patent application. One of the main properties of patent retrieval is that the query topic is a full patent application and does not represent a focused information need. This query by document nature of patent retrieval introduces new challenges and requires new investigations specific to this problem. Researchers have addressed this problem by considering different information resources for query reduction and query disambiguation. However, previous work has not fully studied the effect of using proximity information and exploiting domain specific resources for performing query disambiguation. In this paper, we first reduce the query document by taking the first claim of the document itself. We then build a query-specific patent lexicon based on definitions of the International Patent Classification (IPC). We study how to expand queries by selecting expansion terms from the lexicon that are focused on the query topic. The key problem is how to capture whether an expansion term is focused on the query topic or not. We address this problem by exploiting proximity information. We assign high weights to expansion terms appearing closer to query terms based on the intuition that terms closer to query terms are more likely to be related to the query topic. Experimental results on two patent retrieval datasets show that the proposed method is effective and robust for query expansion, significantly outperforming the standard pseudo relevance feedback (PRF) and existing baselines in patent retrieval.	Leveraging conceptual lexicon: query disambiguation using proximity information for patent retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marc Bron:Jasmijn van Gorp:Frank Nack:Lotte Belice Baltussen:Maarten de Rijke	Aggregated search interfaces provide users with an overview of results from various sources. Two general types of display exist: tabbed, with access to each source in a separate tab, and blended, which combines multiple sources into a single result page. Multi-session search tasks, e.g., a research project, consist of multiple stages, each with its own sub-tasks. Several factors involved in multi-session search tasks have been found to influence user search behavior. We investigate whether user preference for source presentation changes during a multi-session search task. The dynamic nature of multi-session search tasks makes the design of a controlled experiment a non-trivial challenge. We adopt a methodology based on triangulation and conduct two types of observational study: a longitudinal study and a laboratory study. In the longitudinal study we follow the use of tabbed and blended displays by 25 students during a project. We find that while a tabbed display is used more than a blended display, subjects repeatedly switch between displays during the project. Use of the tabbed display is motivated by a need to zoom in on a specific source, while the blended display is used to explore available material across sources whenever the information need changes. In a laboratory study 44 students completed a multi-session search task composed of three sub-tasks, the first with a tabbed display, the second and third with blended displays. The tasks were manipulated by either providing three task about the same topic or about three different topics. We find that a stable information need over multiple sub-tasks negatively influences perceived usability of the blended displays, while we do not find an influence when the information need changes.	Aggregated search interface preferences in multi-session search tasks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yashar Moshfeghi:Joemon M. Jose	The effectiveness of various behavioural signals for implicit relevance feedback models has been exhaustively studied. Despite the advantages of such techniques for a real time information retrieval system, most of the behavioural signals are noisy and therefore not reliable enough to be employed. Among many, a combination of dwell time and task information has been shown to be effective for relevance judgement prediction. However, the task information might not be available to the system at all times. Thus, there is a need for other sources of information which can be used as a substitute for task information. Recently, affective and physiological signals have shown promise as a potential source of information for relevance judgement prediction. However, their accuracy is not high enough to be applicable on their own. This paper investigates whether affective and physiological signals can be used as a complementary source of information for behavioural signals (i.e. dwell time) to create a reliable signal for relevance judgement prediction. Using a video retrieval system as a use case, we study and compare the effectiveness of the affective and physiological signals on their own, as well as in combination with behavioural signals for the relevance judgment prediction task across four different search intentions: seeking information, re-finding a particular information object, and two different entertainment intentions (i.e. entertainment by adjusting arousal level, and entertainment by adjusting mood). Our experimental results show that the effectiveness of studied signals varies across different search intentions, and when affective and physiological signals are combined with dwell time, a significant improvement can be achieved. Overall, these findings will help to implement better search engines in the future.	An effective implicit relevance feedback technique using affective, physiological and behavioural features	NA:NA	2018
Jiepu Jiang:Wei Jeng:Daqing He	Voice search offers users with a new search experience: instead of typing, users can vocalize their search queries. However, due to voice input errors (such as speech recognition errors and improper system interruptions), users need to frequently reformulate queries to handle the incorrectly recognized queries. We conducted user experiments with native English speakers on their query reformulation behaviors in voice search and found that users often reformulate queries with both lexical and phonetic changes to previous queries. In this paper, we first characterize and analyze typical voice input errors in voice search and users' corresponding reformulation strategies. Then, we evaluate the impacts of typical voice input errors on users' search progress and the effectiveness of different reformulation strategies on handling these errors. This study provides a clearer picture on how to further improve current voice search systems.	How do users respond to voice input errors?: lexical and phonetic query reformulation in voice search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Qi Guo:Haojian Jin:Dmitry Lagun:Shuai Yuan:Eugene Agichtein	Fine-grained search interactions in the desktop setting, such as mouse cursor movements and scrolling, have been shown valuable for understanding user intent, attention, and their preferences for Web search results. As web search on smart phones and tablets becomes increasingly popular, previously validated desktop interaction models have to be adapted for the available touch interactions such as pinching and swiping, and for the different device form factors. In this paper, we present, to our knowledge, the first in-depth study of modeling interactions on touch-enabled device for improving Web search ranking. In particular, we evaluate a variety of touch interactions on a smart phone as implicit relevance feedback, and compare them with the corresponding fine-grained interactions on a desktop computer with mouse and keyboard as the primary input devices. Our experiments are based on a dataset collected from two user studies with 56 users in total, using a specially instrumented version of a popular mobile browser to capture the interaction data. We report a detailed analysis of the similarities and differences of fine-grained search interactions between the desktop and the smart phone modalities, and identify novel patterns of touch interactions indicative of result relevance. Finally, we demonstrate significant improvements to search ranking quality by mining touch interaction data.	Mining touch interaction data on mobile devices to predict web search result relevance	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ruey-Cheng Chen:Chia-Jung Lee	In this paper, we recast static index pruning as a model induction problem under the framework of Kullback's principle of minimum cross-entropy. We show that static index pruning has an approximate analytical solution in the form of convex integer program. Further analysis on computation feasibility suggests that one of its surrogate model can be solved efficiently. This result has led to the rediscovery of \emph{uniform pruning}, a simple yet powerful pruning method proposed in 2001 and later easily ignored by many of us. To empirically verify this result, we conducted experiments under a new design in which prune ratio is strictly controlled. Our result on standard ad-hoc retrieval benchmarks has confirmed that uniform pruning is robust to high prune ratio and its performance is currently state of the art.	An information-theoretic account of static index pruning	NA:NA	2018
Diego Arroyuelo:Senén González:Mauricio Oyarzún:Victor Sepulveda	Text search engines are a fundamental tool nowadays. Their efficiency relies on a popular and simple data structure: the inverted indexes. Currently, inverted indexes can be represented very efficiently using index compression schemes. Recent investigations also study how an optimized document ordering can be used to assign document identifiers (docIDs) to the document database. This yields important improvements in index compression and query processing time. In this paper we follow this line of research, yet from a different perspective. We propose a docID reassignment method that allows one to focus on a given subset of inverted lists to improve their performance. We then use run-length encoding to compress these lists (as many consecutive 1s are generated). We show that by using this approach, not only the performance of the particular subset of inverted lists is improved, but also that of the whole inverted index. Our experimental results indicate a reduction of about 10% in the space usage of the whole index docID reassignment was focused. Also, decompression speed is up to 1.22 times faster if the runs must be explicitly decompressed and up to 4.58 times faster if implicit decompression of runs is allowed. Finally, we also improve the Document-at-a-Time query processing time of AND queries (by up to 12%), WAND queries (by up to 23%) and full (non-ranked) OR queries (by up to 86%).	Document identifier reassignment and run-length-compressed inverted indexes for improved search performance	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Cristian Rossi:Edleno S. de Moura:Andre L. Carvalho:Altigran S. da Silva	In this paper we present two new algorithms designed to reduce the overall time required to process top-k queries. These algorithms are based on the document-at-a-time approach and modify the best baseline we found in the literature, Blockmax WAND (BMW), to take advantage of a two-tiered index, in which the first tier is a small index containing only the higher impact entries of each inverted list. This small index is used to pre-process the query before accessing a larger index in the second tier, resulting in considerable speeding up the whole process. The first algorithm we propose, named BMW-CS, achieves higher performance, but may result in small changes in the top results provided in the final ranking. The second algorithm, named BMW-t, preserves the top results and, while slower than BMW-CS, it is faster than BMW. In our experiments, BMW-CS was more than 40 times faster than BMW when computing top 10 results, and, while it does not guarantee preserving the top results, it preserved all ranking results evaluated at this level.	Fast document-at-a-time query processing using two-tier indexes	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Roberto Konow:Gonzalo Navarro:Charles L.A. Clarke:Alejandro López-Ortíz	We introduce a new representation of the inverted index that performs faster ranked unions and intersections while using less space. Our index is based on the treap data structure, which allows us to intersect/merge the document identifiers while simultaneously thresholding by frequency, instead of the costlier two-step classical processing methods. To achieve compression we represent the treap topology using compact data structures. Further, the treap invariants allow us to elegantly encode differentially both document identifiers and frequencies. Results show that our index uses about 20% less space, and performs queries up to three times faster, than state-of-the-art compact representations.	Faster and smaller inverted indices with treaps	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shoaib Jameel:Wai Lam	We present a new unsupervised topic discovery model for a collection of text documents. In contrast to the majority of the state-of-the-art topic models, our model does not break the document's structure such as paragraphs and sentences. In addition, it preserves word order in the document. As a result, it can generate two levels of topics of different granularity, namely, segment-topics and word-topics. In addition, it can generate n-gram words in each topic. We also develop an approximate inference scheme using Gibbs sampling method. We conduct extensive experiments using publicly available data from different collections and show that our model improves the quality of several text mining tasks such as the ability to support fine grained topics with n-gram words in the correlation graph, the ability to segment a document into topically coherent sections, document classification, and document likelihood estimation.	An unsupervised topic segmentation model incorporating word order	NA:NA	2018
Qifan Wang:Dan Zhang:Luo Si	It is an important research problem to design efficient and effective solutions for large scale similarity search. One popular strategy is to represent data examples as compact binary codes through semantic hashing, which has produced promising results with fast search speed and low storage cost. Many existing semantic hashing methods generate binary codes for documents by modeling document relationships based on similarity in a keyword feature space. Two major limitations in existing methods are: (1) Tag information is often associated with documents in many real world applications, but has not been fully exploited yet; (2) The similarity in keyword feature space does not fully reflect semantic relationships that go beyond keyword matching. This paper proposes a novel hashing approach, Semantic Hashing using Tags and Topic Modeling (SHTTM), to incorporate both the tag information and the similarity information from probabilistic topic modeling. In particular, a unified framework is designed for ensuring hashing codes to be consistent with tag information by a formal latent factor model and preserving the document topic/semantic similarity that goes beyond keyword matching. An iterative coordinate descent procedure is proposed for learning the optimal hashing codes. An extensive set of empirical studies on four different datasets has been conducted to demonstrate the advantages of the proposed SHTTM approach against several other state-of-the-art semantic hashing techniques. Furthermore, experimental results indicate that the modeling of tag information and utilizing topic modeling are beneficial for improving the effectiveness of hashing separately, while the combination of these two techniques in the unified framework obtains even better results.	Semantic hashing using tags and topic modeling	NA:NA:NA	2018
Youngchul Cha:Bin Bi:Chu-Cheng Hsieh:Junghoo Cho	Topic models are used to group words in a text dataset into a set of relevant topics. Unfortunately, when a few words frequently appear in a dataset, the topic groups identified by topic models become noisy because these frequent words repeatedly appear in "irrelevant" topic groups. This noise has not been a serious problem in a text dataset because the frequent words (e.g., the and is) do not have much meaning and have been simply removed before a topic model analysis. However, in a social network dataset we are interested in, they correspond to popular persons (e.g., Barack Obama and Justin Bieber) and cannot be simply removed because most people are interested in them. To solve this "popularity problem", we explicitly model the popularity of nodes (words) in topic models. For this purpose, we first introduce a notion of a "popularity component" and propose topic model extensions that effectively accommodate the popularity component. We evaluate the effectiveness of our models with a real-world Twitter dataset. Our proposed models achieve significantly lower perplexity (i.e., better prediction power) compared to the state-of-the-art baselines. In addition to the popularity problem caused by the nodes with high incoming edge degree, we also investigate the effect of the outgoing edge degree with another topic model extensions. We show that considering outgoing edge degree does not help much in achieving lower perplexity.	Incorporating popularity in topic models for social network analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xingwei Zhu:Zhao-Yan Ming:Xiaoyan Zhu:Tat-Seng Chua	User generated contents (UGCs) carry a huge amount of high quality information. However, the information overload and diversity of UGC sources limit their potential uses. In this research, we propose a framework to organize information from multiple UGC sources by a topic hierarchy which is automatically generated and updated using the UGCs. We explore the unique characteristics of UGCs like blogs, cQAs, microblogs, etc., and introduce a novel scheme to combine them. We also propose a graph-based method to enable incremental update of the generated topic hierarchy. Using the hierarchy, users can easily obtain a comprehensive, in-depth and up-to-date picture of their topics of interests. The experiment results demonstrate how information from multiple heterogeneous sources improves the resultant topic hierarchies. It also shows that the proposed method achieves better F1 scores in hierarchy generation as compared to the state-of-the-art methods.	Topic hierarchy construction for the organization of multi-source user generated contents	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pernilla Qvarfordt:Gene Golovchinsky:Tony Dunnigan:Elena Agapie	Exploratory search is a complex, iterative information seeking activity that involves running multiple queries and finding and examining many documents. We designed a query preview control that visualizes the distribution of newly-retrieved and re-retrieved documents prior to running the query. When evaluating the preview control with a control condition, we found effects on both people's information seeking behavior and improved retrieval performance. People spent more time formulating a query and were more likely to explore search results more deeply, retrieved a more diverse set of documents, and found more different relevant documents when using the preview.	Looking ahead: query preview in exploratory search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Richard McCreadie:Craig Macdonald:Iadh Ounis	News reporting has seen a shift toward fast-paced online reporting in new sources such as social media. Web Search engines that support a news vertical have historically relied upon articles published by major newswire providers when serving news-related queries. In this paper, we investigate to what extent real-time content from newswire, blogs, Twitter and Wikipedia sources are useful to return to the user in the current fast-paced news search setting. In particular, we perform a detailed user study using the emerging medium of crowdsourcing to determine when and where integrating news-related content from these various sources can better serve the user's news need. We sampled approximately 300 news-related search queries using Google Trends and Bitly data in real-time for two time periods. For these queries, we have crowdsourced workers compare Web search rankings for each, with similar rankings integrating real-time news content from sources such as Twitter or the blogosphere. Our results show that users exhibited a preference for rankings integrating newswire articles for only half of our queries, indicating that relying solely on newswire providers for news-related content is now insufficient. Moreover, our results show that users preferred rankings that integrate tweets more often than those that integrate newswire articles, showing the potential of using social media to better serve news queries.	News vertical search: when and what to display to users	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ahmed Hassan:Ryen W. White:Yi-Min Wang	Search engines receive queries with a broad range of different search intents. However, they do not perform equally well for all queries. Understanding where search engines perform poorly is critical for improving their performance. In this paper, we present a method for automatically identifying poorly-performing query groups where a search engine may not meet searcher needs. This allows us to create coherent query clusters that help system design-ers generate actionable insights about necessary changes and helps learning-to-rank algorithms better learn relevance signals via spe-cialized rankers. The result is a framework capable of estimating dissatisfaction from Web search logs and learning to improve per-formance for dissatisfied queries. Through experimentation, we show that our method yields good quality groups that align with established retrieval performance metrics. We also show that we can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness via specialized rankers, and that coherent grouping of underperforming queries generated by our method is important in improving each group.	Toward self-correcting search engines: using underperforming queries to improve search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Milad Shokouhi:Ryen W. White:Paul Bennett:Filip Radlinski	Web search engines frequently show the same documents repeatedly for different queries within the same search session, in essence forgetting when the same documents were already shown to users. Depending on previous user interaction with the repeated results, and the details of the session, we show that sometimes the repeated results should be promoted, while some other times they should be demoted. Analysing search logs from two different commercial search engines, we find that results are repeated in about 40% of multi-query search sessions, and that users engage differently with repeats than with results shown for the first time. We demonstrate how statistics about result repetition within search sessions can be incorporated into ranking for personalizing search results. Our results on query logs of two large-scale commercial search engines suggest that we successfully promote documents that are more likely to be clicked by the user in the future while maintaining performance over standard measures of non-personalized relevance.	Fighting search engine amnesia: reranking repeated results	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jovian Lin:Kazunari Sugiyama:Min-Yen Kan:Tat-Seng Chua	As a tremendous number of mobile applications (apps) are readily available, users have difficulty in identifying apps that are relevant to their interests. Recommender systems that depend on previous user ratings (i.e., collaborative filtering, or CF) can address this problem for apps that have sufficient ratings from past users. But for apps that are newly released, CF does not have any user ratings to base recommendations on, which leads to the cold-start problem. In this paper, we describe a method that accounts for nascent information culled from Twitter to provide relevant recommendation in such cold-start situations. We use Twitter handles to access an app's Twitter account and extract the IDs of their Twitter-followers. We create pseudo-documents that contain the IDs of Twitter users interested in an app and then apply latent Dirichlet allocation to generate latent groups. At test time, a target user seeking recommendations is mapped to these latent groups. By using the transitive relationship of latent groups to apps, we estimate the probability of the user liking the app. We show that by incorporating information from Twitter, our approach overcomes the difficulty of cold-start app recommendation and significantly outperforms other state-of-the-art recommendation techniques by up to 33%.	Addressing cold-start in app recommendation: latent user models constructed from twitter followers	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeong-Woo Son:A-Yeong Kim:Seong-Bae Park	The interest of users in handheld devices is strongly related to their location. Therefore, the user location is important, as a user context, for news article recommendation in a mobile environment. This paper proposes a novel news article recommendation that reflects the geographical context of the user. For this purpose, we propose the Explicit Localized Semantic Analysis (ELSA), an ESA-based topical representation of documents. Every location has its own geographical topics, which can be captured from the geo-tagged documents related to the location. Thus, not only news articles but locations are also represented as topic vectors. The main advantage of ELSA is that it stresses only the topics that are relevant to a given location, whereas all topics are equally important in ESA. As a result, geographical topics have different importance according to the user location in ELSA, even if they come from the same article. Another advantage of ELSA is that it allows a simple comparison of the user location and news articles, because it projects both locations and articles onto an identical space composed of Wikipedia topics. In the evaluation of ELSA with the New York Times corpus, it outperformed two simple baselines of Bag-Of-Words and LDA as well as two ESA-based methods. Rt10 of ELSA was improved up to 46.25% over other methods, and its [email protected] was always higher than those of the others regardless of k.	A location-based news article recommendation with explicit localized semantic analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jian Wang:Yi Zhang	Most of existing e-commerce recommender systems aim to recommend the right product to a user, based on whether the user is likely to purchase or like a product. On the other hand, the effectiveness of recommendations also depends on the time of the recommendation. Let us take a user who just purchased a laptop as an example. She may purchase a replacement battery in 2 years (assuming that the laptop's original battery often fails to work around that time) and purchase a new laptop in another 2 years. In this case, it is not a good idea to recommend a new laptop or a replacement battery right after the user purchased the new laptop. It could hurt the user's satisfaction of the recommender system if she receives a potentially right product recommendation at the wrong time. We argue that a system should not only recommend the most relevant item, but also recommend at the right time. This paper studies the new problem: how to recommend the right product at the right time? We adapt the proportional hazards modeling approach in survival analysis to the recommendation research field and propose a new opportunity model to explicitly incorporate time in an e-commerce recommender system. The new model estimates the joint probability of a user making a follow-up purchase of a particular product at a particular time. This joint purchase probability can be leveraged by recommender systems in various scenarios, including the zero-query pull-based recommendation scenario (e.g. recommendation on an e-commerce web site) and a proactive push-based promotion scenario (e.g. email or text message based marketing). We evaluate the opportunity modeling approach with multiple metrics. Experimental results on a data collected by a real-world e-commerce website(shop.com) show that it can predict a user's follow-up purchase behavior at a particular time with descent accuracy. In addition, the opportunity model significantly improves the conversion rate in pull-based systems and the user satisfaction/utility in push-based systems.	Opportunity model for e-commerce recommendation: right product; right time	NA:NA	2018
Yongfeng Zhang:Min Zhang:Yiqun Liu:Shaoping Ma	Collaborative Filtering-based recommendation algorithms have achieved widespread success on the Web, but little work has been performed to investigate appropriate user-item relationship structures of rating matrices. This paper presents a novel and general collaborative filtering framework based on (Approximate) Bordered Block Diagonal Form structure of user-item rating matrices. We show formally that matrices in (A)BBDF structures correspond to community detection on the corresponding bipartite graphs, and they reveal relationships among users and items intuitionally in recommendation tasks. By this framework, general and special interests of a user are distinguished, which helps to improve prediction accuracy in collaborative filtering tasks. Experimental results on four real-world datasets, including the Yahoo! Music dataset, which is currently the largest, show that the proposed framework helps many traditional collaborative filtering algorithms, such as User-based, Item-based, SVD and NMF approaches, to make more accurate rating predictions. Moreover, by leveraging smaller and denser submatrices to make predictions, this framework contributes to the scalability of recommender systems.	Improve collaborative filtering through bordered block diagonal form matrices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hongning Wang:Xiaodong He:Ming-Wei Chang:Yang Song:Ryen W. White:Wei Chu	Search engines train and apply a single ranking model across all users, but searchers' information needs are diverse and cover a broad range of topics. Hence, a single user-independent ranking model is insufficient to satisfy different users' result preferences. Conventional personalization methods learn separate models of user interests and use those to re-rank the results from the generic model. Those methods require significant user history information to learn user preferences, have low coverage in the case of memory-based methods that learn direct associations between query-URL pairs, and have limited opportunity to markedly affect the ranking given that they only re-order top-ranked items. In this paper, we propose a general ranking model adaptation framework for personalized search. Using a given user-independent ranking model trained offline and limited number of adaptation queries from individual users, the framework quickly learns to apply a series of linear transformations, e.g., scaling and shifting, over the parameters of the given global ranking model such that the adapted model can better fit each individual user's search preferences. Extensive experimentation based on a large set of search logs from a major commercial Web search engine confirms the effectiveness of the proposed method compared to several state-of-the-art ranking model adaptation methods.	Personalized ranking model adaptation for web search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fiana Raiber:Oren Kurland	An important challenge in cluster-based document retrieval is ranking document clusters by their relevance to the query. We present a novel cluster ranking approach that utilizes Markov Random Fields (MRFs). MRFs enable the integration of various types of cluster-relevance evidence; e.g., the query-similarity values of the cluster's documents and query-independent measures of the cluster. We use our method to re-rank an initially retrieved document list by ranking clusters that are created from the documents most highly ranked in the list. The resultant retrieval effectiveness is substantially better than that of the initial list for several lists that are produced by effective retrieval methods. Furthermore, our cluster ranking approach significantly outperforms state-of- the-art cluster ranking methods. We also show that our method can be used to improve the performance of (state-of- the-art) results-diversification methods.	Ranking document clusters using markov random fields	NA:NA	2018
Jiaul H. Paik	Term weighting schemes are central to the study of information retrieval systems. This article proposes a novel TF-IDF term weighting scheme that employs two different within document term frequency normalizations to capture two different aspects of term saliency. One component of the term frequency is effective for short queries, while the other performs better on long queries. The final weight is then measured by taking a weighted combination of these components, which is determined on the basis of the length of the corresponding query. Experiments conducted on a large number of TREC news and web collections demonstrate that the proposed scheme almost always outperforms five state of the art retrieval models with remarkable significance and consistency. The experimental results also show that the proposed model achieves significantly better precision than the existing models.	A novel TF-IDF weighting scheme for effective ranking	NA	2018
Shahab Kamali:Frank Wm. Tompa	Many documents with mathematical content are published on the Web, but conventional search engines that rely on keyword search only cannot fully exploit their mathematical information. In particular, keyword search is insufficient when expressions in a document are not annotated with natural keywords or the user cannot describe her query with keywords. Retrieving documents by querying their mathematical content directly is very appealing in various domains such as education, digital libraries, engineering, patent documents, medical sciences, etc. Capturing the relevance of mathematical expressions also greatly enhances document classification in such domains. Unlike text retrieval, where keywords carry enough semantics to distinguish text documents and rank them, math symbols do not contain much semantic information on their own. In fact, mathematical expressions typically consist of few alphabetical symbols organized in rather complex structures. Hence, the structure of an expression, which describes the way such symbols are combined, should also be considered. Unfortunately, there is no standard testbed with which to evaluate the effectiveness of a mathematics retrieval algorithm. In this paper we study the fundamental and challenging problems in mathematics retrieval, that is how to capture the relevance of mathematical expressions, how to query them, and how to evaluate the results. We describe various search paradigms and propose retrieval systems accordingly. We discuss the benefits and drawbacks of each approach, and further compare them through an extensive empirical study.	Retrieving documents with mathematical content	NA:NA	2018
Quan Yuan:Gao Cong:Zongyang Ma:Aixin Sun:Nadia Magnenat- Thalmann	The availability of user check-in data in large volume from the rapid growing location based social networks (LBSNs) enables many important location-aware services to users. Point-of-interest (POI) recommendation is one of such services, which is to recommend places where users have not visited before. Several techniques have been recently proposed for the recommendation service. However, no existing work has considered the temporal information for POI recommendations in LBSNs. We believe that time plays an important role in POI recommendations because most users tend to visit different places at different time in a day, \eg visiting a restaurant at noon and visiting a bar at night. In this paper, we define a new problem, namely, the time-aware POI recommendation, to recommend POIs for a given user at a specified time in a day. To solve the problem, we develop a collaborative recommendation model that is able to incorporate temporal information. Moreover, based on the observation that users tend to visit nearby POIs, we further enhance the recommendation model by considering geographical information. Our experimental results on two real-world datasets show that the proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art POI recommendation methods substantially.	Time-aware point-of-interest recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wei Chen:Wynne Hsu:Mong Li Lee	Existing recommender systems model user interests and the social influences independently. In reality, user interests may change over time, and as the interests change, new friends may be added while old friends grow apart and the new friendships formed may cause further interests change. This complex interaction requires the joint modeling of user interest and social relationships over time. In this paper, we propose a probabilistic generative model, called Receptiveness over Time Model (RTM), to capture this interaction. We design a Gibbs sampling algorithm to learn the receptiveness and interest distributions among users over time. The results of experiments on a real world dataset demonstrate that RTM-based recommendation outperforms the state-of-the-art recommendation methods. Case studies also show that RTM is able to discover the user interest shift and receptiveness change over time	Modeling user's receptiveness over time for recommendation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Miles Efron	This paper addresses the problem of long-term language change in information retrieval (IR) systems. IR research has often ignored lexical drift. But in the emerging domain of massive digitized book collections, the risk of vocabulary mismatch due to language change is high. Collections such as Google Books and the Hathi Trust contain text written in the vernaculars of many centuries. With respect to IR, changes in vocabulary and orthography make 14th-Century English qualitatively different from 21st-Century English. This challenges retrieval models that rely on keyword matching. With this challenge in mind, we ask: given a query written in contemporary English, how can we retrieve relevant documents that were written in early English? We argue that search in historically diverse corpora is similar to cross-language retrieval (CLIR). By considering "modern" English and "archaic" English as distinct languages, CLIR techniques can improve what we call cross-temporal IR (CTIR). We focus on ways to combine evidence to improve CTIR effectiveness, proposing and testing several ways to handle language change during book search. We find that a principled combination of three sources of evidence during relevance feedback yields strong CTIR performance.	Query representation for cross-temporal information retrieval	NA	2018
Julián Urbano:Mónica Marrero:Diego Martín	The reliability of a test collection is proportional to the number of queries it contains. But building a collection with many queries is expensive, so researchers have to find a balance between reliability and cost. Previous work on the measurement of test collection reliability relied on data-based approaches that contemplated random what if scenarios, and provided indicators such as swap rates and Kendall tau correlations. Generalizability Theory was proposed as an alternative founded on analysis of variance that provides reliability indicators based on statistical theory. However, these reliability indicators are hard to interpret in practice, because they do not correspond to well known indicators like Kendall tau correlation. We empirically established these relationships based on data from over 40 TREC collections, thus filling the gap in the practical interpretation of Generalizability Theory. We also review the computation of these indicators, and show that they are extremely dependent on the sample of systems and queries used, so much that the required number of queries to achieve a certain level of reliability can vary in orders of magnitude. We discuss the computation of confidence intervals for these statistics, providing a much more reliable tool to measure test collection reliability. Reflecting upon all these results, we review a wealth of TREC test collections, arguing that they are possibly not as reliable as generally accepted and that the common choice of 50 queries is insufficient even for stable rankings.	On the measurement of test collection reliability	NA:NA:NA	2018
Leonid Boytsov:Anna Belova:Peter Westfall	We evaluate statistical inference procedures for small-scale IR experiments that involve multiple comparisons against the baseline. These procedures adjust for multiple comparisons by ensuring that the probability of observing at least one false positive in the experiment is below a given threshold. We use only publicly available test collections and make our software available for download. In particular, we employ the TREC runs and runs constructed from the Microsoft learning-to-rank (MSLR) data set. Our focus is on non-parametric statistical procedures that include the Holm-Bonferroni adjustment of the permutation test p-values, the MaxT permutation test, and the permutation-based closed testing. In TREC-based simulations, these procedures retain from 66% to 92% of individually significant results (i.e., those obtained without taking other comparisons into account). Similar retention rates are observed in the MSLR simulations. For the largest evaluated query set size (i.e., 6400), procedures that adjust for multiplicity find at most 5% fewer true differences compared to unadjusted tests. At the same time, unadjusted tests produce many more false positives.	Deciding on an adjustment for multiplicity in IR experiments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Praveen Chandar:Ben Carterette	Novel and diverse document ranking is an effective strategy that involves reducing redundancy in a ranked list to maximize the amount of novel and relevant information available to users. Evaluation for novelty and diversity typically involves an assessor judging each document for relevance against a set of pre-identified subtopics, which may be disambiguations of the query, facets of an information need, or nuggets of information. Alternately, when expressing a \emph{preference} for document A or document B, users may implicitly take subtopics into account, but may also take into account other factors such as recency, readability, length, and so on, each of which may have more or less importance depending on user. A \emph{user profile} contains information about the extent to which each factor, including subtopic relevance, plays a role in the user's preference for one document over another. A preference-based evaluation can then take this user profile information into account to better model utility to the space of users. In this work, we propose an evaluation framework that not only can consider implicit factors but also handles differences in user preference due to varying underlying information need. Our proposed framework is based on the idea that a user scanning a ranked list from top to bottom and stopping at rank $k$ gains some utility from every document that is relevant their information need. Thus, we model the expected utility of a ranked list by estimating the utility of a document at a given rank using preference judgments and define evaluation measures based on the same. We validate our framework by comparing it to existing measures such as $\alpha$-nDCG, ERR-IA, and subtopic recall that require explicit subtopic judgments We show that our proposed measures correlate well with existing measures while having the potential to capture various other factors when real data is used. We also show that the proposed measures can easily handle relevance assessments against multiple user profiles, and that they are robust to noisy and incomplete judgments.	Preference based evaluation measures for novelty and diversity	NA:NA	2018
Lidan Shou:Kuang Mao:Xinyuan Luo:Ke Chen:Gang Chen:Tianlei Hu	Singing is a popular social activity and a good way of expressing one's feelings. One important reason for unsuccessful singing performance is because the singer fails to choose a suitable song. In this paper, we propose a novel singing competence-based song recommendation framework. It is distinguished from most existing music recommendation systems which rely on the computation of listeners' interests or similarity. We model a singer's vocal competence as singer profile, which takes voice pitch, intensity, and quality into consideration. Then we propose techniques to acquire singer profiles. We also present a song profile model which is used to construct a human annotated song database. Finally, we propose a learning-to-rank scheme for recommending songs by singer profile. The experimental study on real singers demonstrates the effectiveness of our approach and its advantages over two baseline methods. To the best of our knowledge, our work is the first to study competence-based song recommendation.	Competence-based song recommendation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xinyan Lu:Fei Wu:Siliang Tang:Zhongfei Zhang:Xiaofei He:Yueting Zhuang	Cross-modal retrieval is a classic research topic in multimedia information retrieval. The traditional approaches study the problem as a pairwise similarity function problem. In this paper, we consider this problem from a new perspective as a listwise ranking problem and propose a general cross-modal ranking algorithm to optimize the listwise ranking loss with a low rank embedding, which we call Latent Semantic Cross-Modal Ranking (LSCMR). The latent low-rank embedding space is discriminatively learned by structural large margin learning to optimize for certain ranking criteria directly. We evaluate LSCMR on the Wikipedia and NUS-WIDE dataset. Experimental results show that this method obtains significant improvements over the state-of-the-art methods.	A low rank structural large margin method for cross-modal ranking	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dayong Wang:Steven C.H. Hoi:Pengcheng Wu:Jianke Zhu:Ying He:Chunyan Miao	Automated face annotation aims to automatically detect human faces from a photo and further name the faces with the corresponding human names. In this paper, we tackle this open problem by investigating a search-based face annotation (SBFA) paradigm for mining large amounts of web facial images freely available on the WWW. Given a query facial image for annotation, the idea of SBFA is to first search for top-n similar facial images from a web facial image database and then exploit these top-ranked similar facial images and their weak labels for naming the query facial image. To fully mine those information, this paper proposes a novel framework of Learning to Name Faces (L2NF) -- a unified multimodal learning approach for search-based face annotation, which consists of the following major components: (i) we enhance the weak labels of top-ranked similar images by exploiting the "label smoothness" assumption; (ii) we construct the multimodal representations of a facial image by extracting different types of features; (iii) we optimize the distance measure for each type of features using distance metric learning techniques; and finally (iv) we learn the optimal combination of multiple modalities for annotation through a learning to rank scheme. We conduct a set of extensive empirical studies on two real-world facial image databases, in which encouraging results show that the proposed algorithms significantly boost the naming accuracy of search-based face annotation task.	Learning to name faces: a multimodal learning scheme for search-based face annotation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dongyi Guan:Sicong Zhang:Hui Yang	Session search is the Information Retrieval (IR) task that performs document retrieval for a search session. During a session, a user constantly modifies queries in order to find relevant documents that fulfill the information need. This paper proposes a novel query change retrieval model (QCM), which utilizes syntactic editing changes between adjacent queries as well as the relationship between query change and previously retrieved documents to enhance session search. We propose to model session search as a Markov Decision Process (MDP). We consider two agents in this MDP: the user agent and the search engine agent. The user agent's actions are query changes that we observe and the search agent's actions are proposed in this paper. Experiments show that our approach is highly effective and outperforms top session search systems in TREC 2011 and 2012.	Utilizing query change for session search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Karthik Raman:Paul N. Bennett:Kevyn Collins-Thompson	Current research on web search has focused on optimizing and evaluating single queries. However, a significant fraction of user queries are part of more complex tasks [20] which span multiple queries across one or more search sessions [26,24]. An ideal search engine would not only retrieve relevant results for a user's particular query but also be able to identify when the user is engaged in a more complex task and aid the user in completing that task [29,1]. Toward optimizing whole-session or task relevance, we characterize and address the problem of intrinsic diversity (ID) in retrieval [30], a type of complex task that requires multiple interactions with current search engines. Unlike existing work on extrinsic diversity [30] that deals with ambiguity in intent across multiple users, ID queries often have little ambiguity in intent but seek content covering a variety of aspects on a shared theme. In such scenarios, the underlying needs are typically exploratory, comparative, or breadth-oriented in nature. We identify and address three key problems for ID retrieval: identifying authentic examples of ID tasks from post-hoc analysis of behavioral signals in search logs; learning to identify initiator queries that mark the start of an ID search task; and given an initiator query, predicting which content to prefetch and rank.	Toward whole-session relevance: exploring intrinsic diversity in web search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tetsuya Sakai:Zhicheng Dou	We introduce a general information access evaluation framework that can potentially handle summaries, ranked document lists and even multi query sessions seamlessly. Our framework first builds a trailtext which represents a concatenation of all the texts read by the user during a search session, and then computes an evaluation metric called U-measure over the trailtext. Instead of discounting the value of a retrieved piece of information based on ranks, U-measure discounts it based on its position within the trailtext. U-measure takes the document length into account just like Time-Biased Gain (TBG), and has the diminishing return property. It is therefore more realistic than rank-based metrics. Furthermore, it is arguably more flexible than TBG, as it is free from the linear traversal assumption (i.e., that the user scans the ranked list from top to bottom), and can handle information access tasks other than ad hoc retrieval. This paper demonstrates the validity and versatility of the U-measure framework. Our main conclusions are: (a) For ad hoc retrieval, U-measure is at least as reliable as TBG in terms of rank correlations with traditional metrics and discriminative power; (b) For diversified search, our diversity versions of U-measure are highly correlated with state-of-the-art diversity metrics; (c) For multi-query sessions, U-measure is highly correlated with Session nDCG; and (d) Unlike rank-based metrics such as DCG, U-measure can quantify the differences between linear and nonlinear traversals in sessions. We argue that our new framework is useful for understanding the user's search behaviour and for comparison across different information access styles (e.g. examining a direct answer vs. examining a ranked list of web pages).	Summaries, ranked retrieval and sessions: a unified framework for information access evaluation	NA:NA	2018
Jagadeesh Jagarlamudi:Jianfeng Gao	Statistical translation models and latent semantic analysis (LSA) are two effective approaches to exploiting click-through data for Web search ranking. While the former learns semantic relationships between query terms and document terms directly, the latter maps a document and the queries for which it has been clicked to vectors in a lower dimensional semantic space. This paper presents two document ranking models that combine the strengths of both the approaches by explicitly modeling word-pairs. The first model, called PairModel, is a monolingual ranking model based on word-pairs derived from click-through data. It maps queries and documents into a concept space spanned by these word-pairs. The second model, called Bilingual Paired Topic Model (BPTM), uses bilingual word translations and can jointly model query-document collections written in multiple languages. This model uses topics to capture term dependencies and maps queries and documents in multiple languages into a lower dimensional semantic sub-space spanned by the topics. These models are evaluated on the Web search task using real world data sets in three different languages. Results show that they consistently outperform various state-of-the-art baseline models, and the best result is obtained by interpolating PairModel and BPTM.	Modeling click-through based word-pairs for web search	NA:NA	2018
Aleksandr Chuklin:Pavel Serdyukov:Maarten de Rijke	In recent years many models have been proposed that are aimed at predicting clicks of web search users. In addition, some information retrieval evaluation metrics have been built on top of a user model. In this paper we bring these two directions together and propose a common approach to converting any click model into an evaluation metric. We then put the resulting model-based metrics as well as traditional metrics (like DCG or Precision) into a common evaluation framework and compare them along a number of dimensions. One of the dimensions we are particularly interested in is the agreement between offline and online experimental outcomes. It is widely believed, especially in an industrial setting, that online A/B-testing and interleaving experiments are generally better at capturing system quality than offline measurements. We show that offline metrics that are based on click models are more strongly correlated with online experimental outcomes than traditional offline metrics, especially in situations when we have incomplete relevance judgements.	Click model-based information retrieval metrics	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chao Wang:Yiqun Liu:Min Zhang:Shaoping Ma:Meihong Zheng:Jing Qian:Kuo Zhang	In modern search engines, an increasing number of search result pages (SERPs) are federated from multiple specialized search engines (called verticals, such as Image or Video). As an effective approach to interpret users' click-through behavior as feedback information, most click models were designed to reduce the position bias and improve ranking performance of ordinary search results, which have homogeneous appearances. However, when vertical results are combined with ordinary ones, significant differences in presentation may lead to user behavior biases and thus failure of state-of-the-art click models. With the help of a popular commercial search engine in China, we collected a large scale log data set which contains behavior information on both vertical and ordinary results. We also performed eye-tracking analysis to study user's real-world examining behavior. According these analysis, we found that different result appearances may cause different behavior biases both for vertical results (local effect) and for the whole result lists (global effect). These biases include: examine bias for vertical results (especially those with multimedia components), trust bias for result lists with vertical results, and a higher probability of result revisitation for vertical results. Based on these findings, a novel click model considering these biases besides position bias was constructed to describe interaction with SERPs containing verticals. Experimental results show that the new Vertical-aware Click Model (VCM) is better at interpreting user click behavior on federated searches in terms of both log-likelihood and perplexity than existing models.	Incorporating vertical results into search click models	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhaochun Ren:Shangsong Liang:Edgar Meij:Maarten de Rijke	We focus on the problem of selecting meaningful tweets given a user's interests; the dynamic nature of user interests, the sheer volume, and the sparseness of individual messages make this an challenging problem. Specifically, we consider the task of time-aware tweets summarization, based on a user's history and collaborative social influences from ``social circles.'' We propose a time-aware user behavior model, the Tweet Propagation Model (TPM), in which we infer dynamic probabilistic distributions over interests and topics. We then explicitly consider novelty, coverage, and diversity to arrive at an iterative optimization algorithm for selecting tweets. Experimental results validate the effectiveness of our personalized time-aware tweets summarization method based on TPM.	Personalized time-aware tweets summarization	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chenliang Li:Aixin Sun:Jianshu Weng:Qi He	Twitter has attracted hundred millions of users to share and disseminate most up-to-date information. However, the noisy and short nature of tweets makes many applications in information retrieval (IR) and natural language processing (NLP) challenging. Recently, segment-based tweet representation has demonstrated effectiveness in named entity recognition (NER) and event detection from tweet streams. To split tweets into meaningful phrases or segments, the previous work is purely based on external knowledge bases, which ignores the rich local context information embedded in the tweets. In this paper, we propose a novel framework for tweet segmentation in a batch mode, called HybridSeg. HybridSeg incorporates local context knowledge with global knowledge bases for better tweet segmentation. HybridSeg consists of two steps: learning from off-the-shelf weak NERs and learning from pseudo feedback. In the first step, the existing NER tools are applied to a batch of tweets. The named entities recognized by these NERs are then employed to guide the tweet segmentation process. In the second step, HybridSeg adjusts the tweet segmentation results iteratively by exploiting all segments in the batch of tweets in a collective manner. Experiments on two tweet datasets show that HybridSeg significantly improves tweet segmentation quality compared with the state-of-the-art algorithm. We also conduct a case study by using tweet segments for the task of named entity recognition from tweets. The experimental results demonstrate that HybridSeg significantly benefits the downstream applications.	Exploiting hybrid contexts for Tweet segmentation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lidan Shou:Zhenhua Wang:Ke Chen:Gang Chen	With the explosive growth of microblogging services, short-text messages (also known as tweets) are being created and shared at an unprecedented rate. Tweets in its raw form can be incredibly informative, but also overwhelming. For both end-users and data analysts it is a nightmare to plow through millions of tweets which contain enormous noises and redundancies. In this paper, we study continuous tweet summarization as a solution to address this problem. While traditional document summarization methods focus on static and small-scale data, we aim to deal with dynamic, quickly arriving, and large-scale tweet streams. We propose a novel prototype called Sumblr (SUMmarization By stream cLusteRing) for tweet streams. We first propose an online tweet stream clustering algorithm to cluster tweets and maintain distilled statistics called Tweet Cluster Vectors. Then we develop a TCV-Rank summarization technique for generating online summaries and historical summaries of arbitrary time durations. Finally, we describe a topic evolvement detection method, which consumes online and historical summaries to produce timelines automatically from tweet streams. Our experiments on large-scale real tweets demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our approach.	Sumblr: continuous summarization of evolving tweet streams	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel Hasan Dalip:Marcos André Gonçalves:Marco Cristo:Pavel Calado	Collaborative web sites, such as collaborative encyclopedias, blogs, and forums, are characterized by a loose edit control, which allows anyone to freely edit their content. As a consequence, the quality of this content raises much concern. To deal with this, many sites adopt manual quality control mechanisms. However, given their size and change rate, manual assessment strategies do not scale and content that is new or unpopular is seldom reviewed. This has a negative impact on the many services provided, such as ranking and recommendation. To tackle with this problem, we propose a learning to rank (L2R) approach for ranking answers in Q&A forums. In particular, we adopt an approach based on Random Forests and represent query and answer pairs using eight different groups of features. Some of these features are used in the Q&A domain for the first time. Our L2R method was trained to learn the answer rating, based on the feedback users give to answers in Q&A forums. Using the proposed method, we were able (i) to outperform a state of the art baseline with gains of up to 21% in NDCG, a metric used to evaluate rankings; we also conducted a comprehensive study of the features, showing that (ii) review and user features are the most important in the Q&A domain although text features are useful for assessing quality of new answers; and (iii) the best set of new features we proposed was able to yield the best quality rankings.	Exploiting user feedback to learn to rank answers in q&a forums: a case study with stack overflow	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Wu:Hui Fang	Pseudo-relevance feedback is an important strategy to improve search accuracy. It is often implemented as a two-round retrieval process: the first round is to retrieve an initial set of documents relevant to an original query, and the second round is to retrieve final retrieval results using the original query expanded with terms selected from the previously retrieved documents. This two-round retrieval process is clearly time consuming, which could arguably be one of main reasons that hinder the wide adaptation of the pseudo-relevance feedback methods in real-world IR systems. In this paper, we study how to improve the efficiency of pseudo-relevance feedback methods. The basic idea is to reduce the time needed for the second round of retrieval by leveraging the query processing results of the first round. Specifically, instead of processing the expand query as a newly submitted query, we propose an incremental approach, which resumes the query processing results (i.e. document accumulators) for the first round of retrieval and process the second round of retrieval mainly as a step of adjusting the scores in the accumulators. Experimental results on TREC Terabyte collections show that the proposed incremental approach can improve the efficiency of pseudo-relevance feedback methods by a factor of two without sacrificing their effectiveness.	An incremental approach to efficient pseudo-relevance feedback	NA:NA	2018
Jianfeng Gao:Gu Xu:Jinxi Xu	This paper exploits Web search logs for query expansion (QE) by presenting a new QE method based on path-constrained random walks (PCRW), where the search logs are represented as a labeled, directed graph, and the probability of picking an expansion term for an input query is computed by a learned combination of constrained random walks on the graph. The method is shown to be generic in that it covers most of the popular QE models as special cases and flexible in that it provides a principled mathematical framework in which a wide variety of information useful for QE can be incorporated in a unified way. Evaluation is performed on the Web document ranking task using a real-world data set. Results show that the PCRW-based method is very effective for the expansion of rare queries, i.e., low-frequency queries that are unseen in search logs, and that it outperforms significantly other state-of-the-art QE meth-ods.	Query expansion using path-constrained random walks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Elena Demidova:Xuan Zhou:Wolfgang Nejdl	In recent years, a number of open databases have emerged on the Web, providing Web users with platforms to collaboratively create structured information. As these databases are intended to accommodate heterogeneous information and knowledge, they usually comprise a very large schema and billions of instances. Browsing and searching data on such a scale is not an easy task for a Web user. In this context, interactive query construction offers an intuitive interface for novice users to retrieve information from databases neither requiring any knowledge of structured query languages, nor any prior knowledge of the database schema. However, the existing mechanisms do not scale well on large scale datasets. This paper presents a set of techniques to boost the scalability of interactive query construction, from the perspective of both, user interaction cost and performance. We connect an abstract ontology layer to the database schema to shorten the process of user-computer interaction. We also introduce a search mechanism to enable efficient exploration of query interpretation spaces over large scale data. Extensive experiments show that our approach scales well on Freebase - an open database containing more than 7,000 relational tables in more than 100 domains.	Efficient query construction for large scale data	NA:NA:NA	2018
K. Tamsin Maxwell:W. Bruce Croft	Many recent and highly effective retrieval models for long queries use query reformulation methods that jointly optimize term weights and term selection. These methods learn using word context and global context but typically fail to capture query context. In this paper, we present a novel term ranking algorithm, PhRank, that extends work on Markov chain frameworks for query expansion to select compact and focused terms from within a query itself. This focuses queries so that one to five terms in an unweighted model achieve better retrieval effectiveness than weighted term selection models that use up to 30 terms. PhRank terms are also typically compact and contain 1-2 words compared to competing models that use query subsets up to 7 words long. PhRank captures query context with an affinity graph constructed using word co-occurrence in pseudo-relevant documents. A random walk of the graph is used for term ranking in combination with discrimination weights. Empirical evaluation using newswire and web collections demonstrates that performance of reformulated queries is significantly improved for long queries and at least as good for short, keyword queries compared to highly competitive information retrieval (IR) models.	Compact query term selection using topically related text	NA:NA	2018
Elif Aktolga:James Allan	Prior search result diversification work focuses on achieving topical variety in a ranked list, typically equally across all aspects. In this paper, we diversify with sentiments according to an explicit bias. We want to allow users to switch the result perspective to better grasp the polarity of opinionated content, such as during a literature review. For this, we first infer the prior sentiment bias inherent in a controversial topic -- the 'Topic Sentiment'. Then, we utilize this information in 3 different ways to diversify results according to various sentiment biases: (1) Equal diversification to achieve a balanced and unbiased representation of all sentiments on the topic; (2) Diversification towards the Topic Sentiment, in which the actual sentiment bias in the topic is mirrored to emphasize the general perception of the topic; (3) Diversification against the Topic Sentiment, in which documents about the 'minority' or outlying sentiment(s) are boosted and those with the popular sentiment are demoted. Since sentiment classification is an essential tool for this task, we experiment by gradually degrading the accuracy of a perfect classifier down to 40%, and show which diversification approaches prove most stable in this setting. The results reveal that the proportionality-based methods and our SCSF model, considering sentiment strength and frequency in the diversified list, yield the highest gains. Further, in case the Topic Sentiment cannot be reliably estimated, we show how performance is affected by equal diversification when actually an emphasis either towards or against the Topic Sentiment is desired: in the former case, an average of 6.48% is lost across all evaluation measures, whereas in the latter case this is 16.23%, confirming that bias-specific sentiment diversification is crucial.	Sentiment diversification with different biases	NA:NA	2018
Van Dang:Bruce W. Croft	Current approaches for search result diversification have been categorized as either implicit or explicit. The implicit approach assumes each document represents its own topic, and promotes diversity by selecting documents for different topics based on the difference of their vocabulary. On the other hand, the explicit approach models the set of query topics, or aspects. While the former approach is generally less effective, the latter usually depends on a manually created description of the query aspects, the automatic construction of which has proven difficult. This paper introduces a new approach: term-level diversification. Instead of modeling the set of query aspects, which are typically represented as coherent groups of terms, our approach uses terms without the grouping. Our results on the ClueWeb collection show that the grouping of topic terms provides very little benefit to diversification compared to simply using the terms themselves. Consequently, we demonstrate that term-level diversification, with topic terms identified automatically from the search results using a simple greedy algorithm, significantly outperforms methods that attempt to create a full topic structure for diversification.	Term level search result diversification	NA:NA	2018
Dzung Hong:Luo Si	Prior research in resource selection for federated search mainly focused on selecting a small number of information sources that are most relevant to a user query. However, result novelty and diversification are largely unexplored, which does not reflect the various kinds of information needs of users in real world applications. This paper proposes two general approaches to model both result relevance and diversification in selecting sources, in order to provide more comprehensive coverage of multiple aspects of a user query. The first approach focuses on diversifying the document ranking on a centralized sample database before selecting information sources under the framework of Relevant Document Distribution Estimation (ReDDE). The second approach first evaluates the relevance of information sources with respect to each aspect of the query, and then ranks the sources based on the novelty and relevance that they offer. Both approaches can be applied with a wide range of existing resource selection algorithms such as ReDDE, CRCS, CORI and Big Document. Moreover, this paper proposes a learning based approach to combine multiple resource selection algorithms for result diversification, which can further improve the performance. We propose a set of new metrics for resource selection in federated search to evaluate the diversification performance of different approaches. To our best knowledge, this is the first piece of work that addresses the problem of search result diversification in federated search. The effectiveness of the proposed approaches has been demonstrated by an extensive set of experiments on the federated search testbed of the Clueweb dataset.	Search result diversification in resource selection for federated search	NA:NA	2018
Falk Scholer:Diane Kelly:Wan-Ching Wu:Hanseul S. Lee:William Webber	Human assessments of document relevance are needed for the construction of test collections, for ad-hoc evaluation, and for training text classifiers. Showing documents to assessors in different orderings, however, may lead to different assessment outcomes. We examine the effect that \defineterm{threshold priming}, seeing varying degrees of relevant documents, has on people's calibration of relevance. Participants judged the relevance of a prologue of documents containing highly relevant, moderately relevant, or non-relevant ocuments, followed by a common epilogue of documents of mixed relevance. We observe that participants exposed to only non-relevant documents in the prologue assigned significantly higher average relevance scores to prologue and epilogue documents than participants exposed to moderately or highly relevant documents in the prologue. We also examine how \defineterm{need for cognition}, an individual difference measure of the extent to which a person enjoys engaging in effortful cognitive activity, impacts relevance assessments. High need for cognition participants had a significantly higher level of agreement with expert assessors than low need for cognition participants did. Our findings indicate that assessors should be exposed to documents from multiple relevance levels early in the judging process, in order to calibrate their relevance thresholds in a balanced way, and that individual difference measures might be a useful way to screen assessors.	The effect of threshold priming and need for cognition on relevance calibration and assessment	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eugene Kharitonov:Craig Macdonald:Pavel Serdyukov:Iadh Ounis	Query suggestion or auto-completion mechanisms are widely used by search engines and are increasingly attracting interest from the research community. However, the lack of commonly accepted evaluation methodology and metrics means that it is not possible to compare results and approaches from the literature. Moreover, often the metrics used to evaluate query suggestions tend to be an adaptation from other domains without a proper justification. Hence, it is not necessarily clear if the improvements reported in the literature would result in an actual improvement in the users' experience. Inspired by the cascade user models and state-of-the-art evaluation metrics in the web search domain, we address the query suggestion evaluation, by first studying the users behaviour from a search engine's query log and thereby deriving a new family of user models describing the users interaction with a query suggestion mechanism. Next, assuming a query log-based evaluation approach, we propose two new metrics to evaluate query suggestions, pSaved and eSaved. Both metrics are parameterised by a user model. pSaved is defined as the probability of using the query suggestions while submitting a query. eSaved equates to the expected relative amount of effort (keypresses) a user can avoid due to the deployed query suggestion mechanism. Finally, we experiment with both metrics using four user model instantiations as well as metrics previously used in the literature on a dataset of 6.1M sessions. Our results demonstrate that pSaved and eSaved show the best alignment with the users satisfaction amongst the considered metrics.	User model-based metrics for offline query suggestion evaluation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Enrique Amigó:Julio Gonzalo:Felisa Verdejo	A number of key Information Access tasks -- Document Retrieval, Clustering, Filtering, and their combinations -- can be seen as instances of a generic {\em document organization} problem that establishes priority and relatedness relationships between documents (in other words, a problem of forming and ranking clusters). As far as we know, no analysis has been made yet on the evaluation of these tasks from a global perspective. In this paper we propose two complementary evaluation measures -- Reliability and Sensitivity -- for the generic Document Organization task which are derived from a proposed set of formal constraints (properties that any suitable measure must satisfy). In addition to be the first measures that can be applied to any mixture of ranking, clustering and filtering tasks, Reliability and Sensitivity satisfy more formal constraints than previously existing evaluation metrics for each of the subsumed tasks. Besides their formal properties, its most salient feature from an empirical point of view is their strictness: a high score according to the harmonic mean of Reliability and Sensitivity ensures a high score with any of the most popular evaluation metrics in all the Document Retrieval, Clustering and Filtering datasets used in our experiments.	A general evaluation measure for document organization tasks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Alessandro Sordoni:Jian-Yun Nie:Yoshua Bengio	Traditional information retrieval (IR) models use bag-of-words as the basic representation and assume that some form of independence holds between terms. Representing term dependencies and defining a scoring function capable of integrating such additional evidence is theoretically and practically challenging. Recently, Quantum Theory (QT) has been proposed as a possible, more general framework for IR. However, only a limited number of investigations have been made and the potential of QT has not been fully explored and tested. We develop a new, generalized Language Modeling approach for IR by adopting the probabilistic framework of QT. In particular, quantum probability could account for both single and compound terms at once without having to extend the term space artificially as in previous studies. This naturally allows us to avoid the weight-normalization problem, which arises in the current practice by mixing scores from matching compound terms and from matching single terms. Our model is the first practical application of quantum probability to show significant improvements over a robust bag-of-words baseline and achieves better performance on a stronger non bag-of-words baseline.	Modeling term dependencies with quantum language models for IR	NA:NA:NA	2018
Carsten Eickhoff:Arjen P. de Vries:Kevyn Collins-Thompson	In many domains of information retrieval, system estimates of document relevance are based on multidimensional quality criteria that have to be accommodated in a unidimensional result ranking. Current solutions to this challenge are often inconsistent with the formal probabilistic framework in which constituent scores were estimated, or use sophisticated learning methods that make it difficult for humans to understand the origin of the final ranking. To address these issues, we introduce the use of copulas, a powerful statistical framework for modeling complex multi-dimensional dependencies, to information retrieval tasks. We provide a formal background to copulas and demonstrate their effectiveness on standard IR tasks such as combining multidimensional relevance estimates and fusion of results from multiple search engines. We introduce copula-based versions of standard relevance estimators and fusion methods and show that these lead to significant performance improvements on several tasks, as evaluated on large-scale standard corpora, compared to their non-copula counterparts. We also investigate criteria for understanding the likely effect of using copula models in a given retrieval scenario.	Copulas for information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Robin Aly:Djoerd Hiemstra:Thomas Demeester	Search engines can improve their efficiency by selecting only few promising shards for each query. State-of-the-art shard selection algorithms first query a central index of sampled documents, and their effectiveness is similar to searching all shards. However, the search in the central index also hurts efficiency. Additionally, we show that the effectiveness of these approaches varies substantially with the sampled documents. This paper proposes Taily, a novel shard selection algorithm that models a query's score distribution in each shard as a Gamma distribution and selects shards with highly scored documents in the tail of the distribution. Taily estimates the parameters of score distributions based on the mean and variance of the score function's features in the collections and shards. Because Taily operates on term statistics instead of document samples, it is efficient and has deterministic effectiveness. Experiments on large web collections (Gov2, CluewebA and CluewebB) show that Taily achieves similar effectiveness to sample-based approaches, and improves upon their efficiency by roughly 20% in terms of used resources and response time.	Taily: shard selection using the tail of score distributions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Peter B. Golbus:Javed A. Aslam	We consider the problem of information retrieval evaluation and the methods and metrics used for such evaluations. We propose a probabilistic framework for evaluation which we use to develop new information-theoretic evaluation metrics. We demonstrate that these new metrics are powerful and generalizable, enabling evaluations heretofore not possible. We introduce four preliminary uses of our framework: (1) a measure of conditional rank correlation, information tau, a powerful meta-evaluation tool whose use we demonstrate on understanding novelty and diversity evaluation; (2) a new evaluation measure, relevance information correlation, which is correlated with traditional evaluation measures and can be used to (3) evaluate a collection of systems simultaneously, which provides a natural upper bound on metasearch performance; and (4) a measure of the similarity between rankers on judged documents, information difference, which allows us to determine whether systems with similar performance are in fact different.	A mutual information-based framework for the analysis of information retrieval systems	NA:NA	2018
Jianguo Wang:Eric Lo:Man Lung Yiu:Jiancong Tong:Gang Wang:Xiaoguang Liu	Caching is an important optimization in search engine architectures. Existing caching techniques for search engine optimization are mostly biased towards the reduction of random accesses to disks, because random accesses are known to be much more expensive than sequential accesses in traditional magnetic hard disk drive (HDD). Recently, solid state drive (SSD) has emerged as a new kind of secondary storage medium, and some search engines like Baidu have already used SSD to completely replace HDD in their infrastructure. One notable property of SSD is that its random access latency is comparable to its sequential access latency. Therefore, the use of SSDs to replace HDDs in a search engine infrastructure may void the cache management of existing search engines. In this paper, we carry out a series of empirical experiments to study the impact of SSD on search engine cache management. The results give insights to practitioners and researchers on how to adapt the infrastructure and how to redesign the caching policies for SSD-based search engines.	The impact of solid state drive on search engine cache management	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daisuke Takuma:Hiroki Yanagisawa	There is a long history of developing efficient algorithms for set intersection, which is a fundamental operation in information retrieval and databases. In this paper, we describe a new data structure, a Cardinality Filter, to quickly compute an upper bound on the size of a set intersection. Knowing an upper bound of the size can be used to accelerate many applications such as top-k query processing in text mining. Given finite sets A and B, the expected computation time for the upper bound of the size of the intersection |A cap B| is O( (|A| + |B|) w), where w is the machine word length. This is much faster than the current best algorithm for the exact intersection, which runs in O((|A| + |B|) / √w + |A cap B|) expected time. Our performance studies show that our implementations of Cardinality Filters are from 2 to 10 times faster than existing set intersection algorithms, and the time for a top-k query in a text mining application can be reduced by half.	Faster upper bounding of intersection sizes	NA:NA	2018
Maha Alabduljalil:Xun Tang:Tao Yang	All-pairs similarity search can be implemented in two stages. The first stage is to partition the data and group potentially similar vectors. The second stage is to run a set of tasks where each task compares a partition of vectors with other candidate partitions. Because of data sparsity, accessing feature vectors in memory for runtime comparison in the second stage, incurs significant overhead due to the presence of memory hierarchy. This paper proposes a cache-conscious data layout and traversal optimization to reduce the execution time through size-controlled data splitting and vector coalescing. It also provides an analysis to guide the optimal choice for the parameter setting. Our evaluation with several application datasets verifies the performance gains obtained by the optimization and shows that the proposed scheme is upto 2.74x as fast as the cache-oblivious baseline.	Cache-conscious performance optimization for similarity search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Constantinos Dimopoulos:Sergey Nepomnyachiy:Torsten Suel	A large amount of research has focused on faster methods for finding top-k results in large document collections, one of the main scalability challenges for web search engines. In this paper, we propose a method for accelerating such top-k queries that builds on and generalizes methods recently proposed by several groups of researchers based on Block-Max Indexes. In particular, we describe a system that uses a new filtering mechanism, based on a combination of block maxima and bitmaps, that radically reduces the number of documents that have to be further evaluated. Our filtering mechanism exploits the SIMD processing capabilities of current microprocessors, and it is optimized through caching policies that select and store suitable filter structures based on properties of the query load. Our experimental evaluation shows that the mechanism results in very significant speed-ups for disjunctive top-k queries under several state-of-the-art algorithms, including a speed-up of more than a factor of 2 over the fastest previously known methods.	A candidate filtering mechanism for fast top-k query processing on modern cpus	NA:NA:NA	2018
Krisztian Balog:Robert Neumayer	We develop and make publicly available an entity search test collection based on the DBpedia knowledge base. This includes a large number of queries and corresponding relevance judgments from previous benchmarking campaigns, covering a broad range of information needs, ranging from short keyword queries to natural language questions. Further, we present baseline results for this collection with a set of retrieval models based on language modeling and BM25. Finally, we perform an initial analysis to shed light on certain characteristics that make this data set particularly challenging.	A test collection for entity search in DBpedia	NA:NA	2018
Lei Cen:Eduard C. Dragut:Luo Si:Mourad Ouzzani	Entity disambiguation is an important step in many information retrieval applications. This paper proposes new research for entity disambiguation with the focus of name disambiguation in digital libraries. In particular, pairwise similarity is first learned for publications that share the same author name string (ANS) and then a novel Hierarchical Agglomerative Clustering approach with Adaptive Stopping Criterion (HACASC) is proposed to adaptively cluster a set of publications that share a same ANS to individual clusters of publications with different author identities. The HACASC approach utilizes a mixture of kernel ridge regressions to intelligently determine the threshold in clustering. This obtains more appropriate clustering granularity than non-adaptive stopping criterion. We conduct a large scale empirical study with a dataset of more than 2 million publication record pairs to demonstrate the advantage of the proposed HACASC approach.	Author disambiguation by hierarchical agglomerative clustering with adaptive stopping criterion	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Praveen Chandar:William Webber:Ben Carterette	The notion of relevance differs between assessors, thus giving rise to assessor disagreement. Although assessor disagreement has been frequently observed, the factors leading to disagreement are still an open problem. In this paper we study the relationship between assessor disagreement and various topic independent factors such as readability and cohesiveness. We build a logistic model using reading level and other simple document features to predict assessor disagreement and rank documents by decreasing probability of disagreement. We compare the predictive power of these document-level features with that of a meta-search feature that aggregates a document's ranking across multiple retrieval runs. Our features are shown to be on a par with the meta-search feature, without requiring a large and diverse set of retrieval runs to calculate. Surprisingly, however, we find that the reading level features are negatively correlated with disagreement, suggesting that they are detecting some other aspect of document content.	Document features predicting assessor disagreement	NA:NA:NA	2018
Matthew Ekstrand-Abueg:Virgil Pavlu:Makoto Kato:Tetsuya Sakai:Takehiro Yamamoto:Mayu Iwata	Building test collections based on nuggets is useful evaluating systems that return documents, answers, or summaries. However, nugget construction requires a lot of manual work and is not feasible for large query sets. Towards an efficient and scalable nugget-based evaluation, we study the applicability of semi-automatic nugget extraction in the context of the ongoing NTCIR  One Click Access (1CLICK) task. We compare manually-extracted and semi-automatically-extracted Japanese nuggets to demonstrate the coverage and efficiency of the semi-automatic nugget extraction. Our findings suggest that the manual nugget extraction can be replaced with a direct adaptation of the English semi-automatic nugget extraction system, especially for queries for which the user desires broad answers from free-form text.	Exploring semi-automatic nugget extraction for Japanese one click access evaluation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Makoto P. Kato:Tetsuya Sakai:Takehiro Yamamoto:Mayu Iwata	The One Click Access Task (1CLICK) of NTCIR requires systems to return a concise multi-document summary of web pages in response to a query which is assumed to have been submitted in a mobile context. Systems are evaluated based on information units (or iUnits), and are required to present important pieces of information first and to minimise the amount of text the user has to read. Using the official Japanese results of the second round of the 1CLICK task from NTCIR-10, we discuss our task setting and evaluation framework. Our analyses show that: (1) Simple baseline methods that leverage search engine snippets or Wikipedia are effective for 'lookup' type queries but not necessarily for other query types; (2) There is still a substantial gap between manual and automatic runs; and (3) Our evaluation metrics are relatively robust to the incompleteness of iUnits.	Report from the NTCIR-10 1CLICK-2 Japanese subtask: baselines, upperbounds and evaluation robustness	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chia-Jung Lee:W. Bruce Croft	Community Question Answering (CQA) platforms contain a large number of questions and associated answers. Answerers sometimes include URLs as part of the answers to provide further information. This paper describes a novel way of building a test collection for web search by exploiting the link information from this type of social media data. We propose to build the test collection by regarding CQA questions as queries and the associated linked web pages as relevant documents. To evaluate this approach, we collect approximately ten thousand CQA queries, whose answers contained links to ClueWeb09 documents after spam filtering. Experimental results using this collection show that the relative effectiveness between different retrieval models on the ClueWeb-CQA query set is consistent with that on the TREC Web Track query sets, confirming the reliability of our test collection. Further analysis shows that the large number of queries generated through this approach compensates for the sparse relevance judgments in determining significant differences.	Building a web test collection using social media	NA:NA	2018
Tetsuya Sakai:Zhicheng Dou:Takehiro Yamamoto:Yiqun Liu:Min Zhang:Makoto P. Kato:Ruihua Song:Mayu Iwata	The NTCIR INTENT task comprises two subtasks: {\em Subtopic Mining}, where systems are required to return a ranked list of {\em subtopic strings} for each given query; and {\em Document Ranking}, where systems are required to return a diversified web search result for each given query. This paper summarises the novel features of the Second INTENT task at NTCIR-10 and its main findings, and poses some questions for future diversified search evaluation.	Summary of the NTCIR-10 INTENT-2 task: subtopic mining and search result diversification	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Robert Villa:Martin Halvey	The judging of relevance has been a subject of study in information retrieval for a long time, especially in the creation of relevance judgments for test collections. While the criteria by which assessors? judge relevance has been intensively studied, little work has investigated the process individual assessors go through to judge the relevance of a document. In this paper, we focus on the process by which relevance is judged, and in particular, the degree of effort a user must expend to judge relevance. By better understanding this effort in isolation, we may provide data which can be used to create better models of search. We present the results of an empirical evaluation of the effort users must exert to judge the relevance of document, investigating the effect of relevance level and document size. Results suggest that 'relevant' documents require more effort to judge when compared to highly relevant and not relevant documents, and that effort increases as document size increases.	Is relevance hard work?: evaluating the effort of making relevant assessments	NA:NA	2018
Ludovic Bonnefoy:Vincent Bouvier:Patrice Bellot	Filtering a time-ordered corpus for documents that are highly relevant to an entity is a task receiving more and more attention over the years. One application is to reduce the delay between the moment an information about an entity is being first observed and the moment the entity entry in a knowledge base is being updated. Current state-of-the-art approaches are highly supervised and require training examples for each entity monitored. We propose an approach which does not require new training data when processing a new entity. To capture intrinsic characteristics of highly relevant documents our approach relies on three types of features: document centric features, entity profile related features and time features. Evaluated within the framework of the "Knowledge Base Acceleration" track at TREC 2012, it outperforms current state-of-the-art approaches.	A weakly-supervised detection of entity central documents in a stream	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nikolaos Pappas:Andrei Popescu-Belis	User-generated texts such as reviews, comments or discussions are valuable indicators of users' preferences. Unlike previous works which focus on labeled data from user-contributed reviews, we focus here on user comments which are not accompanied by explicit rating labels. We investigate their utility for a one-class collaborative filtering task such as bookmarking, where only the user actions are given as ground truth. We propose a sentiment-aware nearest neighbor model (SANN) for multimedia recommendations over TED talks, which makes use of user comments. The model outperforms significantly, by more than 25% on unseen data, several competitive baselines.	Sentiment analysis of user comments for one-class collaborative filtering over ted talks	NA:NA	2018
Haggai Roitman:David Carmel:Yosi Mass:Iris Eiron	In this paper we propose a novel framework for modeling the uniqueness of the user preferences for recommendation systems. User uniqueness is determined by learning to what extent the user's item preferences deviate from those of an "average user" in the system. Based on this framework, we suggest three different recommendation strategies that trade between uniqueness and conformity. Using two real item datasets, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our uniqueness based recommendation framework.	Modeling the uniqueness of the user preferences for recommendation systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Maya Sappelli:Suzan Verberne:Wessel Kraaij	The purpose of the Contextual Suggestion track, an evaluation task at the TREC 2012 conference, is to suggest personalized tourist activities to an individual, given a certain location and time. In our content-based approach, we collected initial recommendations using the location context as search query in Google Places. We first ranked the recommendations based on their textual similarity to the user profiles. In order to improve the ranking of popular sights, we combined the initial ranking with rankings based on Google Search, popularity and categories. Finally, we performed filtering based on the temporal context. Overall, our system performed well above average and median, and outperformed the baseline - Google Places only -- run.	Recommending personalized touristic sights using google places	NA:NA:NA	2018
Weinan Zhang:Tianqi Chen:Jun Wang:Yong Yu	Collaborative filtering techniques rely on aggregated user preference data to make personalized predictions. In many cases, users are reluctant to explicitly express their preferences and many recommender systems have to infer them from implicit user behaviors, such as clicking a link in a webpage or playing a music track. The clicks and the plays are good for indicating the items a user liked (i.e., positive training examples), but the items a user did not like (negative training examples) are not directly observed. Previous approaches either randomly pick negative training samples from unseen items or incorporate some heuristics into the learning model, leading to a biased solution and a prolonged training period. In this paper, we propose to dynamically choose negative training samples from the ranked list produced by the current prediction model and iteratively update our model. The experiments conducted on three large-scale datasets show that our approach not only reduces the training time, but also leads to significant performance gains.	Optimizing top-n collaborative filtering via dynamic negative item sampling	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhuo Li:Matthew Stagitis:Sandra Carberry:Kathleen F. McCoy	Information retrieval research has made significant progress in the retrieval of text documents and images. However, relatively little attention has been given to the retrieval of information graphics (non-pictorial images such as bar charts and line graphs) despite their proliferation in popular media such as newspapers and magazines. Our goal is to build a system for retrieving bar charts and line graphs that reasons about the content of the graphic itself in deciding its relevance to the user query. This paper presents the first steps toward such a system, with a focus on identifying the category of intended message of potentially relevant bar charts and line graphs. Our learned model achieves accuracy higher than 80\% on a corpus of collected user queries.	Towards retrieving relevant information graphics	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Markus Schedl:Dominik Schnitzer	Recent advances in music retrieval and recommendation algorithms highlight the necessity to follow multimodal approaches in order to transcend limits imposed by methods that solely use audio, web, or collaborative filtering data. In this paper, we propose hybrid music recommendation algorithms that combine information on the music content, the music context, and the user context, in particular, integrating location-aware weighting of similarities. Using state-of-the-art techniques to extract audio features and contextual web features, and a novel standardized data set of music listening activities inferred from microblogs (MusicMicro), we propose several multimodal retrieval functions. The main contributions of this paper are (i) a systematic evaluation of mixture coefficients between state-of-the-art audio features and web features, using the first standardized microblog data set of music listening events for retrieval purposes and (ii) novel geospatial music recommendation approaches using location information of microblog users, and a comprehensive evaluation thereof.	Hybrid retrieval approaches to geospatial music recommendation	NA:NA	2018
Takehiro Yamamoto:Satoshi Nakamura	This short paper proposes a method to classify music video clips uploaded to a video sharing service into music mood categories such as 'cheerful,' 'wistful,' and 'aggressive.' The method leverages viewer comments posted to the music video clips for the music mood classification. It extracts specific features from the comments: (1) adjectives in comments, (2) lengthened words in comments, and (3) comments in chorus sections. Our experimental results classifying 695 video clips into six mood categories showed that our method outperformed the baseline in terms of macro and micro averaged F-measures. In addition, our method outperformed the existing approaches that utilize lyrics and audio signals of songs.	Leveraging viewer comments for mood classification of music video clips	NA:NA	2018
Atanaz Babashzadeh:Jimmy Huang:Mariam Daoud	Clinical information retrieval (IR) presents several challenges including terminology mismatch and granularity mismatch. One of the main objectives in clinical IR is to fill the semantic gap among the queries and documents and go beyond keywords matching. To address these issues, in this paper we attempt to use semantic information to improve the performance of clinical IR systems by representing queries in an expressive and meaningful context. To model a query context initially we model and develop query domain ontology. The query domain ontology represents concepts closely related with query concepts. Query context represents concepts extracted from query domain ontology and weighted according to their semantic relatedness to query concept(s). The query context is then exploited in query expansion and patients records re-ranking for improving clinical retrieval performance. We evaluate our approach on the TREC Medical Records dataset. Results show that our proposed approach significantly improves the retrieval performance compare to classic keyword-based IR model.	Exploiting semantics for improving clinical information retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Johannes Leveling	We investigate interpreting coordinations (e.g. word sequences connected with coordinating conjunctions such as "and" and "or") as logical disjunctions of terms to generate a set of disjunctionfree query variants for information retrieval (IR) queries. In addition, so-called hyphen coordinations are resolved by generating full compound forms and rephrasing the original query, e.g. "rice im-and export" is transformed into "rice import and export". Query variants are then processed separately and retrieval results are merged using a standard data fusion technique. We evaluate the approach on German standard IR benchmarking data. The results show that: i) Our proposed approach to generate compounds from hyphen coordinations produces the correct results for all test topics. ii) Our proposed heuristics to identify coordinations and generate query variants based on shallow natural language processing (NLP) techniques is highly accurate on the topics and does not rely on parsing or part-of-speech tagging. iii) Using query variants to produce multiple retrieval results and merging the results decreases precision at top ranks. However, in combination with blind relevance feedback (BRF), this approach can show significant improvement over the standard BRF baseline using the original queries.	Interpretation of coordinations, compound generation, and result fusion for query variants	NA	2018
Taiki Miyanishi:Tetsuya Sakai	Most commercial search engines have a query suggestion feature, which is designed to capture various possible search intents behind the user's original query. However, even though different search intents behind a given query may have been popular at different time periods in the past, existing query suggestion methods neither utilize nor present such information. In this study, we propose Time-aware Structured Query Suggestion (TaSQS) which clusters query suggestions along a timeline so that the user can narrow down his search from a temporal point of view. Moreover, when a suggested query is clicked, TaSQS presents web pages from query-URL bipartite graphs after ranking them according to the click counts within a particular time period. Our experiments using data from a commercial search engine log show that the time-aware clustering and the time-aware document ranking features of TaSQS are both effective.	Time-aware structured query suggestion	NA:NA	2018
Ferhan Ture:Jimmy Lin	Although context-independent word-based approaches remain popular for cross-language information retrieval, many recent studies have shown that integrating insights from modern statistical machine translation systems can lead to substantial improvements in effectiveness. In this paper, we compare flat and hierarchical phrase-based translation models for query translation. Both approaches yield significantly better results than either a token-based or a one-best translation baseline on standard test collections. The choice of model manifests interesting tradeoffs in terms of effectiveness, efficiency, and model compactness.	Flat vs. hierarchical phrase-based translation models for cross-language information retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Robert West:Ryen W. White:Eric Horvitz	A significant portion of Web search is performed in mobile settings. We explore the links between users' queries on mobile devices and their locations and movement, with a focus on interpreting queries about addresses. We find that users tend to have a primary location, likely corresponding to home or workplace, and that a user's location relative to this primary location systematically influences the patterns of address searches. We apply our findings to construct a statistical model that can predict with high accuracy whether a user will be soon observed at an address that had been recently retrieved via search. Such an ability to predict that a user will transition to a location can be harnessed for multiple uses including provision of directions and traffic information, the rendering of competitive advertising, and guiding the opportunistic completion of pending tasks that can be accomplished en route to a target location.	Here and there: goals, activities, and predictions about location from geotagged queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sicong Zhang:Dongyi Guan:Hui Yang	Session search is the Information Retrieval (IR) task that performs document retrieval for an entire session. During a session, users often change queries to explore and investigate the information needs. In this paper, we propose to use query change as a new form of relevance feedback for better session search. Evaluation conducted over TREC 2012 Session Track shows that query change is a highly effective form of feedback as compared with existing relevance feedback methods. The proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art relevance feedback methods for the TREC 2012 Session Track by a significant improvement of >25%.	Query change as relevance feedback in session search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Karam Abdulahhad:Jean-Pierre Chevallet:Catherine Berrut	Logic-based Information Retrieval (IR) models represent the retrieval decision as a logical implication d->q between a document d and a query q, where d and q are logical sentences. However, d->q is a binary decision, we thus need a measure to estimate the degree to which d implies q, denoted P(d->q). In this study, we revisit the Van Rijsbergen's assumptions about: 1- the logical implication ->' is not the material one, and 2- P(d->q) could be estimated by the conditional probability P(q|d). More precisely, we claim that the material implication is an appropriate implication for IR, and also we mathematically prove that replacing P(d->q) by P(q|d) is a correct choice. In order to prove the Van Rijsbergen's assumption, we use the Propositional Logic and the Lattice theory. We also exploit the notion of degree of implication that is proposed by Knuth.	Is uncertain logical-matching equivalent to conditional probability?	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiangdong An:Jimmy Xiangji Huang	In information retrieval, we are interested in the information that is not only relevant but also novel. In this paper, we study how to boost novelty for biomedical information retrieval through probabilistic latent semantic analysis. We conduct the study based on TREC Genomics Track data. In TREC Genomics Track, each topic is considered to have an arbitrary number of aspects, and the novelty of a piece of information retrieved, called a passage, is assessed based on the amount of new aspects it contains. In particular, the aspect performance of a ranked list is rewarded by the number of new aspects reached at each rank and penalized by the amount of irrelevant passages that are rated higher than the novel ones. Therefore, to improve aspect performance, we should reach as many aspects as possible and as early as possible. In this paper, we make a preliminary study on how probabilistic latent semantic analysis can help capture different aspects of a ranked list, and improve its performance by re-ranking. Experiments indicate that the proposed approach can greatly improve the aspect-level performance over baseline algorithm Okapi BM25.	Boosting novelty for biomedical information retrieval through probabilistic latent semantic analysis	NA:NA	2018
Nut Limsopatham:Craig Macdonald:Iadh Ounis	The complexity of medical terminology raises challenges when searching medical records. For example, 'cancer', 'tumour', and 'neoplasms', which are synonyms, may prevent a traditional search system from retrieving relevant records that contain only synonyms of the query terms. Prior works use bag-of-concepts approaches, to deal with this by representing medical terms sharing the same meanings using concepts from medical resources (e.g. MeSH). The relevance scores are then combined with a traditional bag-of-words representation, when inferring the relevance of medical records. Even though the existing approaches are effective, the predicted retrieval effectiveness of either the bag-of-words or bag-of-concepts representation, which may be used to effectively model the score combination and hence improve retrieval performance, is not taken into account. In this paper, we propose a novel learning framework that models the importance of the bag-of-words and the bag-of-concepts representations, combining their scores on a per-query basis. Our proposed framework leverages retrieval performance predictors, such as the clarity score and AvIDF, calculated on both representations as learning features. We evaluate our proposed framework using the TREC Medical Records track's test collections. As our proposed framework can significantly outperform an existing approach that linearly merges the relevance scores, we conclude that retrieval performance predictors can be effectively leveraged when combining the relevance scores.	Learning to combine representations for medical records search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Muhammad A. Norozi:Paavo Arvola	The textual context of an element, structurally, contains traces of evidences. Utilizing this context in scoring is called contextualization. In this study we hypothesize that the context of an XML-element originated from its \textit{preceding} and \textit{following} elements in the sequential ordering of a document improves the quality of retrieval. In the tree form of the document's structure, \textit{kinship} contextualization means, contextualization based on the horizontal and vertical elements in the \textit{kinship tree,} or elements in closer to a wider structural kinship. We have tested several variants of kinship contextualization and verified notable improvements in comparison with the baseline system and gold standards in the retrieval of focused elements.	Kinship contextualization: utilizing the preceding and following structural elements	NA:NA	2018
Hadas Raviv:Oren Kurland:David Carmel	In this work we study the cluster hypothesis for entity oriented search (EOS). Specifically, we show that the hypothesis can hold to a substantial extent for several entity similarity measures. We also demonstrate the retrieval effectiveness merits of using clusters of similar entities for EOS.	The cluster hypothesis for entity oriented search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ricardo Ribeiro:Luís Marujo:David Martins de Matos:João P. Neto:Anatole Gershman:Jaime Carbonell	In general, centrality-based retrieval models treat all elements of the retrieval space equally, which may reduce their effectiveness. In the specific context of extractive summarization (or important passage retrieval), this means that these models do not take into account that information sources often contain lateral issues, which are hardly as important as the description of the main topic, or are composed by mixtures of topics. We present a new two-stage method that starts by extracting a collection of key phrases that will be used to help centrality-as-relevance retrieval model. We explore several approaches to the integration of the key phrases in the centrality model. The proposed method is evaluated using different datasets that vary in noise (noisy vs clean) and language (Portuguese vs English). Results show that the best variant achieves relative performance improvements of about 31% in clean data and 18% in noisy data.	Self reinforcement for important passage retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sergio Rodriguez-Vaamonde:Lorenzo Torresani:Andrew Fitzgibbon	Traditional Web search engines do not use the images in the HTML pages to find relevant documents for a given query. Instead, they typically operate by computing a measure of agreement between the keywords provided by the user and only the text portion of each page. In this paper we study whether the content of the pictures appearing in a Web page can be used to enrich the semantic description of an HTML document and consequently boost the performance of a keyword-based search engine. We present a Web-scalable system that exploits a pure text-based search engine to find an initial set of candidate documents for a given query. Then, the candidate set is reranked using semantic information extracted from the images contained in the pages. The resulting system retains the computational efficiency of traditional text-based search engines with only a small additional storage cost needed to encode the visual information. We test our approach on the TREC 2009 Million Query Track, where we show that our use of visual content yields improvement in accuracies for two distinct text-based search engines, including the system with the best reported performance on this benchmark.	What can pictures tell us about web pages?: improving document search using images	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mor Sondak:Anna Shtok:Oren Kurland	The query-performance prediction (QPP) task is estimating retrieval effectiveness with no relevance judgments. We present a novel probabilistic framework for QPP that gives rise to an important aspect that was not addressed in previous work; namely, the extent to which the query effectively represents the information need for retrieval. Accordingly, we devise a few query-representativeness measures that utilize relevance language models. Experiments show that integrating the most effective measures with state-of-the-art predictors in our framework often yields prediction quality that significantly transcends that of using the predictors alone.	Estimating query representativeness for query-performance prediction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dragomir Yankov:Pavel Berkhin:Rajen Subba	At present, most major app marketplaces perform ranking and recommendation based on search relevance features or marketplace ``popularity'' statistics. For instance, they check similarity between app descriptions and user search queries, or rank-order the apps according to statistics such as number of downloads, user ratings etc. Rankings derived from such signals, important as they are, are insufficient to capture the dynamics of the apps ecosystem. Consider for example the questions: In a particular user context, is app A more likely to be launched than app B? Or does app C provide complementary functionality to app D-- Answering these questions requires identifying and analyzing the dependencies between apps in the apps ecosystem. Ranking mechanisms that reflect such interdependences are thus necessary. In this paper we introduce the notion of interoperability ranking for mobile applications. Intuitively, apps with high rank are such apps which are inferred to be somehow important to other apps in the ecosystem. We demonstrate how interoperability ranking can help answer the above questions and also provide the basis for solving several problems which are rapidly attracting the attention of both researchers and the industry, such as building personalized real-time app recommender systems or intelligent mobile agents. We describe a set of methods for computing interoperability ranks and analyze their performance on real data from the Windows Phone app marketplace.	Interoperability ranking for mobile applications	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mohamed Reda Bouadjenek:Hakim Hacid:Mokrane Bouzeghoub	We present in this paper a contribution to IR modeling by proposing a new ranking function called SoPRa that considers the social dimension of the Web. This social dimension is any social information that surrounds documents along with the social context of users. Currently, our approach relies on folksonomies for extracting these social contexts, but it can be extended to use any social meta-data, e.g. comments, ratings, tweets, etc. The evaluation performed on our approach shows its benefits for personalized search.	Sopra: a new social personalized ranking function for improving web search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Huang:Yunjun Gao:Lu Chen:Rui Li:Kevin Chiew:Qinming He	Browse with either web directories or social bookmarks is an important complementation to search by keywords in web information retrieval. To improve users' browse experiences and facilitate the web directory construction, in this paper, we propose a novel browse system called Social Web Directory (SWD for short) by integrating web directories and social bookmarks. In SWD, (1) web pages are automatically categorized to a hierarchical structure to be retrieved efficiently, and (2) the popular web pages, hottest tags, and expert users in each category are ranked to help users find information more conveniently. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our SWD system.	Browse with a social web directory	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Zhunchen Luo:Miles Osborne:Jintao Tang:Ting Wang	An important aspect of communication in Twitter (and other Social Network is message propagation -- people creating posts for others to share. Although there has been work on modelling how tweets in Twitter are propagated (retweeted), an untackled problem has been who will retweet a message. Here we consider the task of finding who will retweet a message posted on Twitter. Within a learning to-rank framework, we explore a wide range of features, such as retweet history, followers status, followers active time and followers interests. We find that followers who retweeted or mentioned the author's tweets frequently before and have common interests are more likely to be retweeters.	Who will retweet me?: finding retweeters in twitter	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fethi Burak Sazoglu:B. Barla Cambazoglu:Rifat Ozcan:Ismail Sengor Altingovde:Özgür Ulusoy	Web search engines cache results of frequent and/or recent queries. Result caching strategies can be evaluated using different metrics, hit rate being the most well-known. Recent works take the processing overhead of queries into account when evaluating the performance of result caching strategies and propose cost-aware caching strategies. In this paper, we propose a financial cost metric that goes one step beyond and takes also the hourly electricity prices into account when computing the cost. We evaluate the most well-known static, dynamic, and hybrid result caching strategies under this new metric. Moreover, we propose a financial-cost-aware version of the well-known LRU strategy and show that it outperforms the original LRU strategy in terms of the financial cost metric.	A financial cost metric for result caching	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Swapnil Hingmire:Sandeep Chougule:Girish K. Palshikar:Sutanu Chakraborti	In this paper, we propose Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) [1] based document classification algorithm which does not require any labeled dataset. In our algorithm, we construct a topic model using LDA, assign one topic to one of the class labels, aggregate all the same class label topics into a single topic using the aggregation property of the Dirichlet distribution and then automatically assign a class label to each unlabeled document depending on its "closeness" to one of the aggregated topics. We present an extension to our algorithm based on the combination of Expectation-Maximization (EM) algorithm and a naive Bayes classifier. We show effectiveness of our algorithm on three real world datasets.	Document classification by topic labeling	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Di Jiang:Wilfred Ng	Mining the latent topics from web search data and capturing their spatiotemporal patterns have many applications in information retrieval. As web search is heavily influenced by the spatial and temporal factors, the latent topics usually demonstrate a variety of spatiotemporal patterns. In the face of the diversity of these patterns, existing models are increasingly ineffective, since they capture only one dimension of the spatiotemporal patterns (either the spatial or temporal dimension) or simply assume that there exists only one kind of spatiotemporal patterns. Such oversimplification risks distorting the latent data structure and hindering the downstream usage of the discovered topics. In this paper, we introduce the Spatiotemporal Search Topic Model (SSTM) to discover the latent topics from web search data with capturing their diverse spatiotemporal patterns simultaneously. The SSTM can flexibly support diverse spatiotemporal patterns and seamlessly integrate the unique features in web search such as query words, URLs, timestamps and search sessions. The SSTM is demonstrated as an effective exploratory tool for large-scale web search data and it performs superiorly in quantitative comparisons to several state-of-the-art topic models.	Mining web search topics with diverse spatiotemporal patterns	NA:NA	2018
Sujian Li:Jiwei Li:Tao Song:Wenjie Li:Baobao Chang	Automatic term extraction (ATE) aims at extracting domain-specific terms from a corpus of a certain domain. Termhood is one essential measure for judging whether a phrase is a term. Previous researches on termhood mainly depend on the word frequency information. In this paper, we propose to compute termhood based on semantic representation of words. A novel topic model, namely i-SWB, is developed to map the domain corpus into a latent semantic space, which is composed of some general topics, a background topic and a documents-specific topic. Experiments on four domains demonstrate that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art ATE approaches.	A novel topic model for automatic term extraction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rishabh Mehrotra:Scott Sanner:Wray Buntine:Lexing Xie	Twitter, or the world of 140 characters poses serious challenges to the efficacy of topic models on short, messy text. While topic models such as Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) have a long history of successful application to news articles and academic abstracts, they are often less coherent when applied to microblog content like Twitter. In this paper, we investigate methods to improve topics learned from Twitter content without modifying the basic machinery of LDA; we achieve this through various pooling schemes that aggregate tweets in a data preprocessing step for LDA. We empirically establish that a novel method of tweet pooling by hashtags leads to a vast improvement in a variety of measures for topic coherence across three diverse Twitter datasets in comparison to an unmodified LDA baseline and a variety of pooling schemes. An additional contribution of automatic hashtag labeling further improves on the hashtag pooling results for a subset of metrics. Overall, these two novel schemes lead to significantly improved LDA topic models on Twitter content.	Improving LDA topic models for microblogs via tweet pooling and automatic labeling	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marco Bonzanini:Miguel Martinez-Alvarez:Thomas Roelleke	Many on-line services allow users to describe their opinions about a product or a service through a review. In order to help other users to find out the major opinion about a given topic, without the effort to read several reviews, multi-document summarisation is required. This research proposes an approach for extractive summarisation, supporting different scoring techniques, such as cosine similarity or divergence, as a method for finding representative sentences. The main contribution of this paper is the definition of an algorithm for sentence removal, developed to maximise the score between the summary and the original document. Instead of ranking the sentences and selecting the most important ones, the algorithm iteratively removes unimportant sentences until a desired compression rate is reached. Experimental results show that variations of the sentence removal algorithm provide good performance.	Extractive summarisation via sentence removal: condensing relevant sentences into a short summary	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiyin He:Marc Bron:Arjen P. de Vries	Search systems use context to effectively satisfy a user's information need as expressed by a query. Tasks are important factors in determining user context during search and many studies have been conducted that identify tasks and task stages through users' interaction behavior with search systems. The type of interaction available to users, however, depends on the type of search interface features available. Queries are the most pervasive input from users to express their information need regardless of the input method, e.g., typing keywords or clicking facets. Instead of characterizing interaction behavior in terms of interface specific components, we propose to characterize users' search behavior in terms of two types of query modification: (i) direct modification, which refers to reformulations of queries; and (ii) indirect modification, which refers to user operations on additional input components provided by various search interfaces. We investigate the utility of characterizing task stages through direct and indirect query reformulations in a case study and find that it is possible to effectively differentiate subsequent stages of the search task. We found that describing user interaction behavior in such a generic form allowed us to relate user actions to search task stages independent from the specific search interface deployed. The next step will then be to validate this idea in a setting with a wider palette of search tasks and tools.	Characterizing stages of a multi-session complex search task through direct and indirect query modifications	NA:NA:NA	2018
Guy Shani:Noam Tractinsky	Internet search engines typically compute a relevance score for webpages given the query terms, and then rank the pages by decreasing relevance scores. The popular search engines do not, however, present the relevance scores that were computed during this process. We suggest that these relevance scores may contain information that can help users make conscious decisions. In this paper we evaluate in a user study how users react to the display of such scores. The results indicate that users understand graphical displays of relevance, and make decisions based on these scores. Our results suggest that in the context of exploratory search, relevance scores may cause users to explore more search results.	Displaying relevance scores for search results	NA:NA	2018
Alexey Tikhonov:Ivan Bogatyy:Pavel Burangulov:Liudmila Ostroumova:Vitaliy Koshelev:Gleb Gusev	With the ever-increasing speed of content turnover on the web, it is particularly important to understand the patterns that pages' popularity follows. This paper focuses on the dynamical part of the web, i.e. pages that have a limited lifespan and experience a short popularity outburst within it. We classify these pages into five patterns based on how quickly they gain popularity and how quickly they lose it. We study the properties of pages that belong to each pattern and determine content topics that contain disproportionately high fractions of particular patterns. These developments are utilized to create an algorithm that approximates with reasonable accuracy the expected popularity pattern of a web page based on its URL and, if available, prior knowledge about its domain's topics.	Studying page life patterns in dynamical web	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Maryam Bashir:Jesse Anderton:Jie Wu:Peter B. Golbus:Virgil Pavlu:Javed A. Aslam	High quality relevance judgments are essential for the evaluation of information retrieval systems. Traditional methods of collecting relevance judgments are based on collecting binary or graded nominal judgments, but such judgments are limited by factors such as inter-assessor disagreement and the arbitrariness of grades. Previous research has shown that it is easier for assessors to make pairwise preference judgments. However, unless the preferences collected are largely transitive, it is not clear how to combine them in order to obtain document relevance scores. Another difficulty is that the number of pairs that need to be assessed is quadratic in the number of documents. In this work, we consider the problem of inferring document relevance scores from pairwise preference judgments by analogy to tournaments using the Elo rating system. We show how to combine a linear number of pairwise preference judgments from multiple assessors to compute relevance scores for every document.	A document rating system for preference judgements	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jinyoung Kim:Gabriella Kazai:Imed Zitouni	Evaluation of information retrieval (IR) systems has recently been exploring the use of preference judgments over two search result lists. Unlike the traditional method of collecting relevance labels per single result, this method allows to consider the interaction between search results as part of the judging criteria. For example, one result list may be preferred over another if it has a more diverse set of relevant results, covering a wider range of user intents. In this paper, we investigate how assessors determine their preference for one list of results over another with the aim to understand the role of various relevance dimensions in preference-based evaluation. We run a series of experiments and collect preference judgments over different relevance dimensions in side-by-side comparisons of two search result lists, as well as relevance judgments for the individual documents. Our analysis of the collected judgments reveals that preference judgments combine multiple dimensions of relevance that go beyond the traditional notion of relevance centered on topicality. Measuring performance based on single document judgments and NDCG aligns well with topicality based preferences, but shows misalignment with judges' overall preferences, largely due to the diversity dimension. As a judging method, dimensional preference judging is found to lead to improved judgment quality.	Relevance dimensions in preference-based IR evaluation	NA:NA:NA	2018
François Rousseau:Michalis Vazirgiannis	Previous papers in ad hoc IR reported that scoring functions should satisfy a set of heuristic retrieval constraints, providing a mathematical justification for the normalizations historically applied to the term frequency (TF). In this paper, we propose a further level of abstraction, claiming that the successive normalizations are carried out through composition. Thus we introduce a principled framework that fully explains BM25 as a variant of TF-IDF with an inverse order of function composition. Our experiments over standard datasets indicate that the respective orders of composition chosen in the original papers for both TF-IDF and BM25 are the most effective ones. Moreover, since the order is different between the two models, they also demonstrated that the order is instrumental in the design of weighting models. In fact, while considering more complex scoring functions such as BM25+, we discovered a novel weighting model in terms of order of composition that consistently outperforms all the rest. Our contribution here is twofold: we provide a unifying mathematical framework for IR and a novel scoring function discovered using this framework.	Composition of TF normalizations: new insights on scoring functions for ad hoc IR	NA:NA	2018
Tetsuya Sakai:Zhicheng Dou:Charles L.A. Clarke	To construct a diversified search test collection, a set of possible subtopics (or intents) needs to be determined for each topic, in one way or another, and perintent relevance assessments need to be obtained. In the TREC Web Track Diversity Task, subtopics are manually developed at NIST, based on results of automatic click log analysis; in the NTCIR INTENT Task, intents are determined by manually clustering 'subtopics strings' returned by participating systems. In this study, we address the following research question: Does the choice of intents for a test collection affect relative performances of diversified search systems? To this end, we use the TREC 2012 Web Track Diversity Task data and the NTCIR-10 INTENT-2 Task data, which share a set of 50 topics but have different intent sets. Our initial results suggest that the choice of intents may affect relative performances, and that this choice may be far more important than how many intents are selected for each topic	The impact of intent selection on diversified search evaluation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Julián Urbano:Mónica Marrero:Diego Martín	Previous research has suggested the permutation test as the theoretically optimal statistical significance test for IR evaluation, and advocated for the discontinuation of the Wilcoxon and sign tests. We present a large-scale study comprising nearly 60 million system comparisons showing that in practice the bootstrap, t-test and Wilcoxon test outperform the permutation test under different optimality criteria. We also show that actual error rates seem to be lower than the theoretically expected 5%, further confirming that we may actually be underestimating significance.	A comparison of the optimality of statistical significance tests for information retrieval evaluation	NA:NA:NA	2018
William Webber:Jeremy Pickens	Text classifiers are frequently used for high-yield retrieval from large corpora, such as in e-discovery. The classifier is trained by annotating example documents for relevance. These examples may, however, be assessed by people other than those whose conception of relevance is authoritative. In this paper, we examine the impact that disagreement between actual and authoritative assessor has upon classifier effectiveness, when evaluated against the authoritative conception. We find that using alternative assessors leads to a significant decrease in binary classification quality, though less so ranking quality. A ranking consumer would have to go on average 25% deeper in the ranking produced by alternative-assessor training to achieve the same yield as for authoritative-assessor training.	Assessor disagreement and text classifier accuracy	NA:NA	2018
William Webber:Mossaab Bagdouri:David D. Lewis:Douglas W. Oard	It is common to develop and validate classifiers through a process of repeated testing, with nested training and/or test sets of increasing size. We demonstrate in this paper that such repeated testing leads to biased estimates of classifier effectiveness. Experiments on a range of text classification tasks under three sequential testing frameworks show all three lead to optimistic estimates of effectiveness. We calculate empirical adjustments to unbias estimates on our data set, and identify directions for research that could lead to general techniques for avoiding bias while reducing labeling costs.	Sequential testing in classifier evaluation yields biased estimates of effectiveness	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Colin Wilkie:Leif Azzopardi	Retrievability provides a different way to evaluate an Information Retrieval (IR) system as it focuses on how easily documents can be found. It is intrinsically related to retrieval performance because a document needs to be retrieved before it can be judged relevant. In this paper, we undertake an empirical investigation into the relationship between the retrievability of documents, the retrieval bias imposed by a retrieval system, and the retrieval performance, across different amounts of document length normalization. To this end, two standard IR models are used on three TREC test collections to show that there is a useful and practical link between retrievability and performance. Our findings show that minimizing the bias across the document collection leads to good performance (though not the best performance possible). We also show that past a certain amount of document length normalization the retrieval bias increases, and the retrieval performance significantly and rapidly decreases. These findings suggest that the relationship between retrievability and effectiveness may offer a way to automatically tune systems.	Relating retrievability, performance and length	NA:NA	2018
Krisztian Balog:Heri Ramampiaro	Cumulative citation recommendation refers to the task of filtering a time-ordered corpus for documents that are highly relevant to a predefined set of entities. This task has been introduced at the TREC Knowledge Base Acceleration track in 2012, where two main families of approaches emerged: classification and ranking. In this paper we perform an experimental comparison of these two strategies using supervised learning with a rich feature set. Our main finding is that ranking outperforms classification on all evaluation settings and metrics. Our analysis also reveals that a ranking-based approach has more potential for future improvements.	Cumulative citation recommendation: classification vs. ranking	NA:NA	2018
Wei Chen:Wynne Hsu:Mong Li Lee	Personalized recommender systems aim to push only the relevant items and information directly to the users without requiring them to browse through millions of web resources. The challenge of these systems is to achieve a high user acceptance rate on their recommendations. In this paper, we aim to increase the user acceptance of recommendations by providing more intuitive tag-based explanations of why the items are recommended. Tags are used as intermediary entities that not only relate target users to the recommended items but also understand users' intents. Our system also allows tag-based online relevance feedback. Experiment results on the Movielens dataset show that the proposed approach is able to increase the acceptance rate of recommendations and improve user satisfaction.	Tagcloud-based explanation with feedback for recommender systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chaosheng Fan:Yanyan Lan:Jiafeng Guo:Zuoquan Lin:Xueqi Cheng	Recommender system has become an effective tool for information filtering, which usually provides the most useful items to users by a top-k ranking list. Traditional recommendation techniques such as Nearest Neighbors (NN) and Matrix Factorization (MF) have been widely used in real recommender systems. However, neither approaches can well accomplish recommendation task since that: (1) most NN methods leverage the neighbor's behaviors for prediction, which may suffer the severe data sparsity problem; (2) MF methods are less sensitive to sparsity, but neighbors' influences on latent factors are not fully explored, since the latent factors are often used independently. To overcome the above problems, we propose a new framework for recommender systems, called collaborative factorization. It expresses the user as the combination of his own factors and those of the neighbors', called collaborative latent factors, and a ranking loss is then utilized for optimization. The advantage of our approach is that it can both enjoy the merits of NN and MF methods. In this paper, we take the logistic loss in RankNet and the likelihood loss in ListMLE as examples, and the corresponding collaborative factorization methods are called CoF-Net and CoF-MLE. Our experimental results on three benchmark datasets show that they are more effective than several state-of-the-art recommendation methods.	Collaborative factorization for recommender systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Richard Schaller:Morgan Harvey:David Elsweiler	Distributed events are collections of events taking place within a small area over the same time period and relating to a single topic. There are often a large number of events on offer and the times in which they can be visited are heavily constrained, therefore the task of choosing events to visit and in which order can be very difficult. In this work we investigate how visitors can be assisted by means of a recommender system via 2 large-scale naturalistic studies (n=860 and n=1047). We show that a recommender system can influence users to select events that result in tighter and more compact routes, thus allowing users to spend less time travelling and more time visiting events.	RecSys for distributed events: investigating the influence of recommendations on visitor plans	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chaoran Cui:Jun Ma:Tao Lian:Xiaofang Wang:Zhaochun Ren	Automatic image annotation plays a critical role in keyword-based image retrieval systems. Recently, the nearest-neighbor based scheme has been proposed and achieved good performance for image annotation. Given a new image, the scheme is to first find its most similar neighbors from labeled images, and then propagate the keywords associated with the neighbors to it. Many studies focused on designing a suitable distance metric between images so that all labeled images can be ranked by their distance to the given image. However, higher accuracy in distance prediction does not necessarily lead to better ordering of labeled images. In this paper, we propose a ranking-oriented neighbor search mechanism to rank labeled images directly without going through the intermediate step of distance prediction. In particular, a new learning to rank algorithm is developed, which exploits the implicit preference information of labeled images and underlines the accuracy of the top-ranked results. Experiments on two benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach for image annotation.	Ranking-oriented nearest-neighbor based method for automatic image annotation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Joseph Malionek:Douglas W. Oard:Abhijeet Sangwan:John H.L. Hansen	As large collections of historically significant recorded speech become increasingly available, scholars are faced with the challenge of making sense of what they hear. This paper proposes automatically linking conversational speech to related resources as one way of supporting that sense-making task. Experiment results with transcribed conversations suggest that this kind of linking has promise for helping to contextualize recordings of detail-oriented conversations, and that simple sliding-window bag-of-words techniques can identify some useful links.	Linking transcribed conversational speech	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Philip J. McParlane:Yashar Moshfeghi:Joemon M. Jose	Image tagging is a growing application on social media websites, however, the performance of many auto-tagging methods are often poor. Recent work has exploited an image's context (e.g. time and location) in the tag recommendation process, where tags which co-occur highly within a given time interval or geographical area are promoted. These models, however, fail to address how and when different image contexts can be combined. In this paper, we propose a weighted tag recommendation model, building on an existing state-of-the-art, which varies the importance of time and location in the recommendation process, based on a given set of input tags. By retrieving more temporally and geographically relevant tags, we achieve statistically significant improvements to recommendation accuracy when testing on 519k images collected from Flickr. The result of this paper is an important step towards more effective image annotation and retrieval systems.	On contextual photo tag recommendation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Pai Peng:Lidan Shou:Ke Chen:Gang Chen:Sai Wu	This paper presents a framework called Knowing Camera for real-time recognizing places-of-interest in smartphone photos, with the availability of online geotagged images of such places. We propose a probabilistic field-of-view model which captures the uncertainty in camera sensor data. This model can be used to retrieve a set of candidate images. The visual similarity computation of the candidate images relies on the sparse coding technique. We also propose an ANN filtering technique to speedup the sparse coding. The final ranking combines an uncertain geometric relevance with the visual similarity. Our preliminary experiments conducted in an urban area of a large city show promising results. The most distinguishing feature of our framework is its ability to perform well in contaminated, real-world online image database. Besides, our framework is highly scalable as it does not incur any complex data structure.	The knowing camera: recognizing places-of-interest in smartphone photos	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Long Chen:Dell Zhang:Mark Levene	Community Question Answering (CQA) services, such as Yahoo! Answers and WikiAnswers, have become popular with users as one of the central paradigms for satisfying users' information needs. The task of question retrieval in CQA aims to resolve one's query directly by finding the most relevant questions (together with their answers) from an archive of past questions. However, as users can ask any question that they like, a large number of questions in CQA are not about objective (factual) knowledge, but about subjective (sentiment-based) opinions or social interactions. The inhomogeneous nature of CQA leads to reduced performance of standard retrieval models. To address this problem, we present a hybrid approach that blends several language modelling techniques for question retrieval, namely, the classic (query-likelihood) language model, the state-of-the-art translation-based language model, and our proposed intent-based language model. The user intent of each candidate question (objective/subjective/social) is given by a probabilistic classifier which makes use of both textual features and metadata features. Our experiments on two real-world datasets show that our approach can significantly outperform existing ones.	Question retrieval with user intent	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yunjun Gao:Lu Chen:Rui Li:Gang Chen	In this paper, for the first time, we study the problem of mapping keyword queries to questions on community-based question answering (CQA) sites. Mapping general web queries to questions enables search engines not only to discover explicit and specific information needs (questions) behind keywords queries, but also to find high quality information (answers) for answering keyword queries. In order to map queries to questions, we propose a ranking algorithm containing three steps: Candidate Question Selection, Candidate Question Ranking, and Candidate Question Grouping. Preliminary experimental results using 60 queries from search logs of a commercial engine show that the presented approach can efficiently find the questions which capture user's information needs explicitly.	Mapping queries to questions: towards understanding users' information needs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tim Gollub:Matthias Hagen:Maximilian Michel:Benno Stein	We introduce the concept of keyqueries as dynamic content descriptors for documents. Keyqueries are defined implicitly by the index and the retrieval model of a reference search engine: keyqueries for a document are the minimal queries that return the document in the top result ranks. Besides applications in the fields of information retrieval and data mining, keyqueries have the potential to form the basis of a dynamic classification system for future digital libraries---the modern version of keywords for content description. To determine the keyqueries for a document, we present an exhaustive search algorithm along with effective pruning strategies. For applications where a small number of diverse keyqueries is sufficient, two tailored search strategies are proposed. Our experiments emphasize the role of the reference search engine and show the potential of keyqueries as innovative document descriptors for large, fast evolving bodies of digital content such as the web.	From keywords to keyqueries: content descriptors for the web	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Huang:Yunjun Gao:Kevin Chiew:Qinming He:Lu Chen	Commodity information such as prices and public reviews is always the concern of consumers. Helping them conveniently acquire these information as an instant reference is often of practical significance for their purchase activities. Nowadays, Web 2.0, linked data clouds, and the pervasiveness of smart hand held devices have created opportunities for this demand, i.e., users could just snap a photo of any commodity that is of interest at anytime and anywhere, and retrieve the relevant information via their Internet-linked mobile devices. Nonetheless, compared with the traditional keyword-based information retrieval, extracting the hidden information related to the commodities in photos is a much more complicated and challenging task, involving techniques such as pattern recognition, knowledge base construction, semantic comprehension, and statistic deduction. In this paper, we propose a framework to address this issue by leveraging on various techniques, and evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of this framework with experiments on a prototype.	Commodity query by snapping	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stewart Whiting:Ke Zhou:Joemon Jose:Mounia Lalmas	Time is often important for understanding user intent during search activity, especially for information needs related to event-driven topics. Diversity for multi-faceted information needs ensures that ranked documents optimally cover multiple facets when a user's intent is uncertain. Effective diversity is reliant on methods to (i) discover and represent facets, and (ii) determine how likely each facet is the user's intent (i.e., its popularity). Past work has developed several techniques addressing these issues, however, they have concentrated on static approaches which do not consider the temporal nature of new and evolving intents and their popularity. In many cases, what a user expects may change dramatically over time as events develop. In this work we study the temporal variance of search intents for event-driven information needs using Wikipedia. First, we model intents based upon the structure represented by the section hierarchy of Wikipedia articles closely related to the information need. Using this technique, we investigate whether temporal changes in the content structure, i.e. in a section's text, reflect the temporal popularity of the intent. We map intents taken from a query-log (as ground-truth) to Wikipedia article sections and found that a large proportion are indeed reflected in topic-related article structure. By correlating the change activity of each section with the use of the intent query over time, we found that section change activity does reflect temporal popularity of many intents. Furthermore, we show that popularity between intents changes over time for event-driven topics.	Temporal variance of intents in multi-faceted event-driven information needs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shuang-Hong Yang:Ryen W. White:Eric Horvitz	Mobile devices provide people with a conduit to the rich infor-mation resources of the Web. With consent, the devices can also provide streams of information about search activity and location that can be used in population studies and real-time assistance. We analyzed geotagged mobile queries in a privacy-sensitive study of potential transitions from health information search to in-world healthcare utilization. We note differences in people's health infor-mation seeking before, during, and after the appearance of evidence that a medical facility has been visited. We find that we can accu-rately estimate statistics about such potential user engagement with healthcare providers. The findings highlight the promise of using geocoded search for sensing and predicting activities in the world.	Pursuing insights about healthcare utilization via geocoded search queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nima Asadi:Jimmy Lin	This paper examines a multi-stage retrieval architecture consisting of a candidate generation stage, a feature extraction stage, and a reranking stage using machine-learned models. Given a fixed set of features and a learning-to-rank model, we explore effectiveness/efficiency tradeoffs with three candidate generation approaches: postings intersection with SvS, conjunctive query evaluation with WAND, and disjunctive query evaluation with WAND. We find no significant differences in end-to-end effectiveness as measured by NDCG between conjunctive and disjunctive WAND, but conjunctive query evaluation is substantially faster. Postings intersection with SvS, while fast, yields substantially lower end-to-end effectiveness, suggesting that document and term frequencies remain important in the initial ranking stage. These findings show that conjunctive WAND is the best overall candidate generation strategy of those we examined.	Effectiveness/efficiency tradeoffs for candidate generation in multi-stage retrieval architectures	NA:NA	2018
Romain Deveaud:Eric SanJuan:Patrice Bellot	Improving query understanding is crucial for providing the user with information that suits her needs. To this end, the retrieval system must be able to deal with several sources of knowledge from which it could infer a topical context. The use of external sources of information for improving document retrieval has been extensively studied. Improvements with either structured or large sets of data have been reported. However, in these studies resources are often used separately and rarely combined together. We experiment in this paper a method that discounts documents based on their weighted divergence from a set of external resources. We present an evaluation of the combination of four resources on two standard TREC test collections. Our proposed method significantly outperforms a state-of-the-art Mixture of Relevance Models on one test collection, while no significant differences are detected on the other one.	Estimating topical context by diverging from external resources	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shangsong Liang:Maarten de Rijke	The task of finding groups is a natural extension of search tasks aimed at retrieving individual entities. We introduce a group finding task: given a query topic, find knowledgeable groups that have expertise on that topic. We present four general strategies to this task. The models are formalized using generative language models. Two of the models aggregate expertise scores of the experts in the same group for the task, one locates documents associated with experts in the group and then determines how closely the documents are associated with the topic, whilst the remaining model directly estimates the degree to which a group is a knowledgeable group for a given topic. We construct a test collections based on the TREC 2005 and 2006 Enterprise collections. We find significant differences between different ways of estimating the association between a topic and a group. Experiments show that our knowledgeable group finding models achieve high absolute scores.	Finding knowledgeable groups in enterprise corpora	NA:NA	2018
Sean Moran:Victor Lavrenko:Miles Osborne	We introduce a scheme for optimally allocating multiple bits per hyperplane for Locality Sensitive Hashing (LSH). Existing approaches binarise LSH projections by thresholding at zero yielding a single bit per dimension. We demonstrate that this is a sub-optimal bit allocation approach that can easily destroy the neighbourhood structure in the original feature space. Our proposed method, dubbed Neighbourhood Preserving Quantization (NPQ), assigns multiple bits per hyperplane based upon adaptively learned thresholds. NPQ exploits a pairwise affinity matrix to discretise each dimension such that nearest neighbours in the original feature space fall within the same quantisation thresholds and are therefore assigned identical bits. NPQ is not only applicable to LSH, but can also be applied to any low-dimensional projection scheme. Despite using half the number of hyperplanes, NPQ is shown to improve LSH-based retrieval accuracy by up to 65% compared to the state-of-the-art.	Neighbourhood preserving quantisation for LSH	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fiana Raiber:Kevyn Collins-Thompson:Oren Kurland	We present an initial study identifying a form of content-based grey hat search engine optimization, in which a Web page contains both potentially relevant content and manipulated content: we call such pages sham documents, because they lie in the grey area between 'ham' (clearly normal) and 'spam' (clearly fake). Sham documents are often ranked artificially high in response to certain queries, but also may contain some useful information and cannot be considered as absolute spam. We report a novel annotation effort performed with the ClueWeb09 benchmark where pages were labeled as being spam, sham, or legitimate content. Significant inter-annotator agreement rates support the claim that there are sham documents that are highly ranked by a very effective retrieval approach, yet are not spam. We also present an initial study of predictors that may indicate whether a query is the target of shamming.	Shame to be sham: addressing content-based grey hat search engine optimization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Weiren Yu:Xuemin Lin	Random Walk with Restart (RWR) has become an appealing measure of node proximities in emerging applications \eg recommender systems and automatic image captioning. In practice, a real graph is typically large, and is frequently updated with small changes. It is often cost-inhibitive to recompute proximities from scratch via \emph{batch} algorithms when the graph is updated. This paper focuses on the incremental computations of RWR in a dynamic graph, whose edges often change over time. The prior attempt of RWR [1] deploys \kdash to find top-$k$ highest proximity nodes for a given query, which involves a strategy to incrementally \emph{estimate} upper proximity bounds. However, due to its aim to prune needless calculation, such an incremental strategy is \emph{approximate}: in $O(1)$ time for each node. The main contribution of this paper is to devise an \emph{exact} and fast incremental algorithm of RWR for edge updates. Our solution, \IRWR\!, can incrementally compute any node proximity in $O(1)$ time for each edge update without loss of exactness. The empirical evaluations show the high efficiency and exactness of \IRWR for computing proximities on dynamic networks against its batch counterparts.	IRWR: incremental random walk with restart	NA:NA	2018
Peng Zhang:Dawei Song:Jun Wang:Yuexian Hou	It has been recognized that, when an information retrieval (IR) system achieves improvement in mean retrieval effectiveness (e.g. mean average precision (MAP)) over all the queries, the performance (e.g., average precision (AP)) of some individual queries could be hurt, resulting in retrieval instability. Some stability/robustness metrics have been proposed. However, they are often defined separately from the mean effectiveness metric. Consequently, there is a lack of a unified formulation of effectiveness, stability and overall retrieval quality (considering both). In this paper, we present a unified formulation based on the bias-variance decomposition. Correspondingly, a novel evaluation methodology is developed to evaluate the effectiveness and stability in an integrated manner. A case study applying the proposed methodology to evaluation of query language modeling illustrates the usefulness and analytical power of our approach.	Bias-variance decomposition of ir evaluation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dongqing Zhu:Ben Carterette	In this paper, we present a medical record search system which is useful for identifying cohorts required in clinical studies. In particular, we propose a query-adaptive weighting method that can dynamically aggregate and score evidence in multiple medical reports (from different hospital departments or from different tests within the same department) of a patient. Furthermore, we explore several informative features for learning our retrieval model.	An adaptive evidence weighting method for medical record search	NA:NA	2018
Maxim Zhukovskiy:Andrei Khropov:Gleb Gusev:Pavel Serdyukov	In the last years, a lot of attention was attracted by the problem of page authority computation based on user browsing behavior. However, the proposed methods have a number of limitations. In particular, they run on a single snapshot of a user browsing graph ignoring substantially dynamic nature of user browsing activity, which makes such methods recency unaware. This paper proposes a new method for computing page importance, referred to as Fresh BrowseRank. The score of a page by our algorithm equals to the weight in a stationary distribution of a flexible random walk, which is controlled by recency-sensitive weights of vertices and edges. Our method generalizes some previous approaches, provides better capability for capturing the dynamics of the Web and users behavior, and overcomes essential limitations of BrowseRank. The experimental results demonstrate that our method enables to achieve more relevant and fresh ranking results than the classic BrowseRank.	Fresh BrowseRank	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Çiğdem Aslay:Neil O'Hare:Luca Maria Aiello:Alejandro Jaimes	Finding experts in question answering platforms has important applications, such as question routing or identification of best answers. Addressing the problem of ranking users with respect to their expertise, we propose Competition-Based Expertise Networks (CBEN), a novel community expertise network structure based on the principle of competition among the answerers of a question. We evaluate our approach on a very large dataset from Yahoo! Answers using a variety of centrality measures. We show that it outperforms state-of-the-art network structures and, unlike previous methods, is able to consistly outperform simple metrics like best answer count. We also analyse question answering forums in Yahoo! Answers, and show that they can be characterised by factual or subjective information seeking behavior, social discussions and the conducting of polls or surveys. We find that the ability to identify experts greatly depends on the type of forum, which is directly reflected in the structural properties of the expertise networks.	Competition-based networks for expert finding	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Claudia Hauff	Obtaining geographically tagged multimedia items from social Web platforms such as Flickr is beneficial for a variety of applications including the automatic creation of travelogues and personalized travel recommendations. In order to take advantage of the large number of photos and videos that do not contain (GPS-based) latitude/longitude coordinates, a number of approaches have been proposed to estimate the geographic location where they were taken. Such location estimation methods rely on existing geotagged multimedia items as training data. Across application and usage scenarios, it is commonly assumed that the available geotagged items contain (reasonably) accurate latitude/longitude coordinates. Here, we consider this assumption and investigate how accurate the provided location data is. We conduct a study of Flickr images and videos and find that the accuracy of the geotag information is highly dependent on the popularity of the location: images/videos taken at popular (unpopular) locations, are likely to be geotagged with a high (low) degree of accuracy with respect to the ground truth.	A study on the accuracy of Flickr's geotag data	NA	2018
Yohei Seki:Kiyoto Miyajima	We propose a method for finding impressive creators in online social network sites (SNSs). Many users are actively engaged in publishing their own works, sharing visual content on sites such as YouTube or Flickr. In this paper, we focus on the Japanese illustration-sharing SNS, Pixiv. We implement an illustrator search system based on user impression categories. The impressions of illustrators are estimated from clues in the crowdsourced social-tag annotations on their illustrations. We evaluated our system in terms of normalized discounted cumulative gain and found that using feedback on motifs and impressions for illustrations of relevant illustrators improved illustrator search by 11%.	Finding impressive social content creators: searching for SNS illustrators using feedback on motifs and impressions	NA:NA	2018
Shengxian Wan:Yanyan Lan:Jiafeng Guo:Chaosheng Fan:Xueqi Cheng	It is well recognized that users rely on social media (e.g. Twitter or Digg) to fulfill two common needs (i.e. social need and informational need) that is to keep in touch with their friends in the real world and to have access to information they are interested in. Traditional friend recommendation methods in social media mainly focus on a user's social need, but seldom address their informational need (i.e. suggesting friends that can provide information one may be interested in but have not been able to obtain so far). In this paper, we propose to recommend friends according to the informational utility, which stands for the degree to which a friend satisfies the target user's unfulfilled informational need, called informational friend recommendation. In order to capture users' informational need, we view a post in social media as an item and utilize collaborative filtering techniques to predict the rating for each post. The candidate friends are then ranked according to their informational utility for recommendation. In addition, we also show how to further consider diversity in such recommendations. Experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate that our approach can significantly outperform the traditional friend recommendation methods under informational evaluation measures.	Informational friend recommendation in social media	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mohamed Reda BOUADJENEK:Hakim Hacid:Mokrane Bouzeghoub:Athena Vakali	In this paper, we present a contribution to IR modeling. We propose an approach that computes on the fly, a Personalized Social Document Representation (PSDR) of each document per user based on his social activities. The PSDRs are used to rank documents with respect to a query. This approach has been intensively evaluated on a large public dataset, showing significant benefits for personalized search.	Using social annotations to enhance document representation for personalized search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Matthias Gallé	n-gram representations of documents may improve over a simple bag-of-word representation by relaxing the independence assumption of word and introducing context. However, this comes at a cost of adding features which are non-descriptive, and increasing the dimension of the vector space model exponentially. We present new representations that avoid both pitfalls. They are based on sound theoretical notions of stringology, and can be computed in optimal asymptotic time with algorithms using data structures from the suffix family. While maximal repeats have been used in the past for similar tasks, we show how another equivalence class of repeats -- largest-maximal repeats -- obtain similar or better results, with only a fraction of the features. This class acts as a minimal generative basis of all repeated substrings. We also report their use for topic modeling, showing easier to interpret models.	The bag-of-repeats representation of documents	NA	2018
Debasis Ganguly:Johannes Leveling:Gareth J.F. Jones	Document expansion (DE) in information retrieval (IR) involves modifying each document in the collection by introducing additional terms into the document. It is particularly useful to improve retrieval of short and noisy documents where the additional terms can improve the description of the document content. Existing approaches to DE assume that documents to be expanded are from a single topic. In the case of multi-topic documents this can lead to a topic bias in terms selected for DE and hence may result in poor retrieval quality due to the lack of coverage of the original document topics in the expanded document. This paper proposes a new DE technique providing a more uniform selection and weighting of DE terms from all constituent topics. We show that our proposed method significantly outperforms the most recently reported relevance model based DE method on a spoken document retrieval task for both manual and automatic speech recognition transcripts.	An LDA-smoothed relevance model for document expansion: a case study for spoken document retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xin Wayne Zhao:Yanwei Guo:Rui Yan:Yulan He:Xiaoming Li	Timeline generation is an important research task which can help users to have a quick understanding of the overall evolution of any given topic. It thus attracts much attention from research communities in recent years. Nevertheless, existing work on timeline generation often ignores an important factor, the attention attracted to topics of interest (hereafter termed "social attention"). Without taking into consideration social attention, the generated timelines may not reflect users' collective interests. In this paper, we study how to incorporate social attention in the generation of timeline summaries. In particular, for a given topic, we capture social attention by learning users' collective interests in the form of word distributions from Twitter, which are subsequently incorporated into a unified framework for timeline summary generation. We construct four evaluation sets over six diverse topics. We demonstrate that our proposed approach is able to generate both informative and interesting timelines. Our work sheds light on the feasibility of incorporating social attention into traditional text mining tasks.	Timeline generation with social attention	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dmitry Lagun:Avneesh Sud:Ryen W. White:Peter Bailey:Georg Buscher	Modern search engines make extensive use of people's contextual information to finesse result rankings. Using a searcher's location provides an especially strong signal for adjusting results for certain classes of queries where people may have clear preference for local results, without explicitly specifying the location in the query direct-ly. However, if the location estimate is inaccurate or searchers want to obtain many results from a particular location, they have limited control on the location focus in the search results returned. In this paper we describe a user study that examines the effect of offering searchers more control over how local preferences are gathered and used. We studied providing users with functionality to offer explicit relevance feedback (ERF) adjacent to results automatically identi-fied as location-dependent (i.e., more from this location). They can use this functionality to indicate whether they are interested in a particular search result and desire more results from that result's location. We compared the ERF system against a baseline (NoERF) that used the same underlying mechanisms to retrieve and rank results, but did not offer ERF support. User performance was as-sessed across 12 experimental participants over 12 location-sensitive topics, in a fully counter-balanced design. We found that participants interacted with ERF frequently, and there were signs that ERF has the potential to improve success rates and lead to more efficient searching for location-sensitive search tasks than NoERF.	Explicit feedback in local search tasks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hyun Duk Kim:Malu G. Castellanos:Meichun Hsu:ChengXiang Zhai:Umeshwar Dayal:Riddhiman Ghosh	We introduce a novel sentence ranking problem called explanatory sentence extraction (ESE) which aims to rank sentences in opinionated text based on their usefulness for helping users understand the detailed reasons of sentiments (i.e., "explanatoriness"). We propose and study several general methods for scoring the explanatoriness of a sentence. We create new data sets and propose a new measure for evaluation. Experiment results show that the proposed methods are effective, outperforming a state of the art sentence ranking method for standard text summarization.	Ranking explanatory sentences for opinion summarization	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stefan Raue:Leif Azzopardi:Chris W. Johnson	Social media provides a new and potentially rich source of information for emergency management services. However, extracting the relevant information from such streams poses a number of difficult challenges. In this short paper, we survey emergency management professionals to ascertain how social media is used when responding to incidents, the search strategies that they undertake, and the challenges that they face when using social media streams. This research indicates that emergency management professionals employ two main strategies when searching social media streams: keyword-centric and account-centric search strategies. Furthermore, current search interfaces are inadequate regarding the requirements of command and control environments in the emergency management domain, where the process of information seeking is collaborative in nature and needs to support multiple information seekers.	#trapped!: social media search system requirements for emergency management professionals	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ork de Rooij:Daan Odijk:Maarten de Rijke	The political landscape is fluid. Discussions are always ongoing and new "hot topics" continue to appear in the headlines. But what made people start talking about that topic? And who started it? Because of the speed at which discussions sometimes take place this can be difficult to track down. We describe ThemeStreams: a demonstrator that maps political discussions to themes and influencers and illustrate how this mapping is used in an interactive visualization that shows us which themes are being discussed, and that helps us answer the question "Who put this issue on the map?" in streams of political data.	ThemeStreams: visualizing the stream of themes discussed in politics	NA:NA:NA	2018
Quoc Viet Hung Nguyen:Thanh Tam Nguyen:Ngoc Tran Lam:Karl Aberer	As the volumes of AI problems involving human knowledge are likely to soar, crowdsourcing has become essential in a wide range of world-wide-web applications. One of the biggest challenges of crowdsourcing is aggregating the answers collected from crowd workers; and thus, many aggregate techniques have been proposed. However, given a new application, it is difficult for users to choose the best-suited technique as well as appropriate parameter values since each of these techniques has distinct performance characteristics depending on various factors (e.g. worker expertise, question difficulty). In this paper, we develop a benchmarking tool that allows to (i) simulate the crowd and (ii) evaluate aggregate techniques in different aspects (accuracy, sensitivity to spammers, etc.). We believe that this tool will be able to serve as a practical guideline for both researchers and software developers. While researchers can use our tool to assess existing or new techniques, developers can reuse its components to reduce the development complexity.	BATC: a benchmark for aggregation techniques in crowdsourcing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Phong D. Vo:Hichem Sahbi	We introduce in this work a novel approach for semantic indexing and mental image search. Given semantic concepts defined by few training examples, our formulation is transductive and learns a mapping from an initial ambient space, related to low level visual features, to an output space spanned by a well defined semantic basis where data can be easily explored. With this method, searching for a mental visual target reduces to scanning data according to their coordinates in the learned semantic space. We illustrate the proposed method through our graphical user interface "Spacious", for the purpose of visualization and interactive navigation in generic image databases and satellite images.	Spacious: an interactive mental search interface	NA:NA	2018
Emanuele Panzeri:Gabriella Pasi	XML is the most used language for structuring data and documents, besides being the de-facto standard for data exchange. Keyword based search has been implemented by the XQuery Full-Text language extension, allowing document fragments to be retrieved and ranked via keyword-based matching in the Information Retrieval style. In this demo the implementation of an XQuery extension allowing users to express their vague knowledge of the underlying XML structure is presented. The integration has been performed on top of the BaseX query engine; the work, as initially done by Panzeri at al. in IIR 2013 as a proof-of-concept has been further enhanced and extended.	Flex-BaseX: an XML engine with a flexible extension of Xquery full-text	NA:NA	2018
Hongzhi Wang:Xiaodong Zhang:Jianzhong Li:Hong Gao	The retrieval results of online products information in e-commerce web sites are often difficult for users to use because of different descriptions for the same product. This paper proposes ProductSeeker, a product retrieval system organizing results according to their referring real-world entities for the conveniences of users. In the demonstration, we will present our system providing friendly interface to retrieve fresh product information and refining results according to feedback.	ProductSeeker: entity-based product retrieval for e-commerce	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Matthew Ekstrand-Abueg:Virgil Pavlu:Javed A. Aslam	The Live Nugget Extractor system provides users with a method of efficiently and accurately collecting relevant information for any web query rather than providing a simple ranked lists of documents. The system utilizes an online learning procedure to infer relevance of unjudged documents while extracting and ranking information from judged documents. This creates a set of judged and inferred relevance scores for both documents and text fragments, which can be used for test collections, summarization, and other tasks where high accuracy and large collections with minimal human effort are needed.	Live nuggets extractor: a semi-automated system for text extraction and test collection creation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Pavlos Fafalios:Yannis Tzitzikas	While more and more semantic data are published on the Web, an important question is how typical web users can access and exploit this body of knowledge. Although, existing interaction paradigms in semantic search hide the complexity behind an easy-to-use interface, they have not managed to cover common search needs. In this paper, we present X-ENS (eXplore ENtities in Search), a web search application that enhances the classical, keyword-based, web searching with semantic information, as a means to combine the pros of both Semantic Web standards and common Web Searching. X-ENS identifies entities of interest in the snippets of the top search results which can be further exploited in a faceted interaction scheme, and thereby can help the user to limit the - often very large - search space to those hits that contain a particular piece of information. Moreover, X-ENS permits the exploration of the identified entities by exploiting semantic repositories.	X-ENS: semantic enrichment of web search results at real-time	NA:NA	2018
Xu-Cheng Yin:Xuwang Yin:Kaizhu Huang:Hong-Wei Hao	We propose and implement a robust text detection system, which is a prominent step-in for text retrieval in natural scene images or videos. Our system includes several key components: (1) A fast and effective pruning algorithm is designed to extract Maximally Stable Extremal Regions as character candidates using the strategy of minimizing regularized variations. (2) Character candidates are grouped into text candidates by the single-link clustering algorithm, where distance weights and threshold of clustering are learned automatically by a novel self-training distance metric learning algorithm. (3) The posterior probabilities of text candidates corresponding to non-text are estimated with an character classifier; text candidates with high probabilities are then eliminated and finally texts are identified with a text classifier. The proposed system is evaluated on the ICDAR 2011 Robust Reading Competition dataset and a publicly available multilingual dataset; the f measures are over 76% and 74% which are significantly better than the state-of-the-art performances of 71% and 65%, respectively.	Accurate and robust text detection: a step-in for text retrieval in natural scene images	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Thomas Lüke:Philipp Schaer:Philipp Mayr	In this paper we present the IRSA framework that enables the automatic creation of search term suggestion or recommendation systems (TS). Such TS are used to operationalize interactive query expansion and help users in refining their information need in the query formulation phase. Our recent research has shown TS to be more effective when specific to a certain domain. The presented technical framework allows owners of Digital Libraries to create their own specific TS constructed via OAI-harvested metadata with very little effort.	A framework for specific term recommendation systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Walid Magdy	Twitter is currently one of the largest social hubs for users to spread and discuss news. For most of the top news stories happening, there are corresponding discussions on social media. In this demonstration TweetMogaz is presented, which is a platform for microblog search and filtering. It creates a real-time comprehensive report about what people discuss and share around news happening in certain regions. TweetMogaz reports the most popular tweets, jokes, videos, images, and news articles that people share about top news stories. Moreover, it allows users to search for specific topics. A scalable automatic technique for microblog filtering is used to obtain relevant tweets to a certain news category in a region. TweetMogaz.com demonstrates the effectiveness of our filtering technique for reporting public response toward news in different Arabic regions including Egypt and Syria in real-time.	TweetMogaz: a news portal of tweets	NA	2018
Jiyun Luo:Dongyi Guan:Hui Yang	Search result clustering (SRC) is a post-retrieval process that hierarchically organizes search results. The hierarchical structure offers overview for the search results and displays an "information lay-of-land" that intents to guide the users throughout a search session. However, SRC hierarchies are sensitive to query changes, which are common among queries in the same session. This instability may leave users seemly random overviews throughout the session. We present a new tool called InfoLand that integrates external knowledge from Wikipedia when building SRC hierarchies and increase their stability. Evaluation on TREC 2010-2011 Session Tracks shows that InfoLand produces more stable results organization than a commercial search engine.	InfoLand: information lay-of-land for session search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fernando Ruiz-Rico:María-Consuelo Rubio-Sánchez:David Tomás:Jose-Luis Vicedo	Wikipedia has become one of the most important sources of information available all over the world. However, the categorization of Wikipedia articles is not standardized and the searches are mainly performed on keywords rather than concepts. In this paper we present an application that builds a hierarchical structure to organize all Wikipedia entries, so that medical articles can be reached from general to particular, using the well known Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) thesaurus. Moreover, the language links between articles will allow using the directory created in different languages. The final system can be packed and ported to mobile devices as a standalone offline application.	A portable multilingual medical directory by automatic categorization of Wikipedia articles	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Emanuele Di Buccio:Giorgio Maria Di Nunzio:Gianmaria Silvello	Digital Geolinguistic systems encourage collaboration between linguists, historians, archaeologists, ethnographers, as they explore the relationship between language and cultural adaptation and change. In this demo, we propose a Linked Open Data approach for increasing the level of interoperability of geolinguistic applications and the reuse of the data. We present a case study of a geolinguistic project named Atlante Sintattico d'Italia, Syntactic Atlas of Italy (ASIt).	A geolinguistic web application based on linked open data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Debasis Ganguly:Manisha Ganguly:Johannes Leveling:Gareth J.F. Jones	This paper describes a search system which includes topic model visualization to improve the user search experience. The system graphically renders the topics in a retrieved set of documents, enables a user to selectively refine search results and allows easy navigation through information on selective topics within documents.	TopicVis: a GUI for topic-based feedback and navigation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark M. Hall:Paul D. Clough:Samuel Fernando:Paula Goodale:Mark Stevenson:Eneko Agirre:Arantxa Otegi:Aitor Soroa:Kate Fernie:Jillian Griffiths:Runar Bergheim	Current Information Retrieval systems for digital cultural heritage support only the actual search aspect of the information seeking process. This demonstration presents the second PATHS system which provides the exploration, analysis, and sense-making features to support the full information seeking process.	Information seeking in digital cultural heritage with PATHS	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
André Freitas:Fabrício F. de Faria:Seán O'Riain:Edward Curry	This paper demonstrates Treo, a natural language query mechanism for Linked Data graphs. The approach uses a distributional semantic vector space model to semantically match user query terms with data, supporting vocabulary-independent (or schema-agnostic) queries over structured data.	Answering natural language queries over linked data graphs: a distributional semantics approach	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yong Zeng:Zhifeng Bao:Tok Wang Ling:Guoliang Li	In this demo, we study one category of query refinement problems in the context of XML keyword search, where what users search for do not exist in the data while useless results are returned by the search engine. It is a hidden but important problem. We refer to it as the MisMatch problem. We propose a practical yet efficient way to detect the MisMatch problem and generate helpful suggestions to users, namely MisMatch detector and suggester. Our approach can be viewed as a post-processing job of query evaluation. An online XML keyword search engine embedding the MisMatch detector and suggester has been built and is available at [1].	Removing the mismatch headache in XML keyword search	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yafang Wang:Lili Jiang:Johannes Hoffart:Gerhard Weikum	We demonstrate the YaLi browser plug-in which discovers named entities in Web pages and provides background knowledge about them. The plug-in is implemented with two purposes. From a user perspective, it enriches the browsing experience with entities, helping users with their information needs. From the research perspective, we aim to improve the methods that are used for named entity recognition and disambiguation (NERD) by leveraging the plug-in as an implicit crowdsourcing platform. YaLi tracks the system's errors and the users' corrections, and also gathers implicit training data for improving NERD accuracy.	YaLi: a crowdsourcing plug-in for NERD	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dolf Trieschnigg:Kien Tjin-Kam-Jet:Djoerd Hiemstra	Building a federated search engine based on a large number existing web search engines is a challenge: implementing the programming interface (API) for each search engine is an exacting and time-consuming job. In this demonstration we present SearchResultFinder, a browser plugin which speeds up determining reusable XPaths for extracting search result items from HTML search result pages. Based on a single search result page, the tool presents a ranked list of candidate extraction XPaths and allows highlighting to view the extraction result. An evaluation with 148 web search engines shows that in 90% of the cases a correct XPath is suggested.	SearchResultFinder: federated search made easy	NA:NA:NA	2018
Carlos Castillo:Gianmarco De Francisci Morales:Ajay Shekhawat	IntoNow is a mobile application that provides a second-screen experience to television viewers. IntoNow uses the microphone of the companion device to sample the audio coming from the TV set, and compares it against a database of TV shows in order to identify the program being watched. The system we demonstrate is activated by IntoNow for specific types of shows. It retrieves information related to the program the user is watching by using closed captions, which are provided by each broadcasting network along the TV signal. It then matches the stream of closed captions in real-time against multiple sources of content. More specifically, during news programs it displays links to online news articles and the profiles of people and organizations in the news, and during music shows it displays links to songs. The matching models are machine-learned from editorial judgments, and tuned to achieve approximately 90% precision.	Online matching of web content to closed captions in IntoNow	NA:NA:NA	2018
Margarita Karkali:Dimitris Pontikis:Michalis Vazirgiannis	We present Match the News, a browser extension for real time news recommendation. Our extension works on the client side to recommend in real time recently published articles that are relevant to the web page the user is currently visiting. Match the News is fed from Google News RSS and applies syntactic matching to find the relevant articles. We implement an innovative weighting function to perform the keyword extraction task, BM25H. With BM25H we extract keywords not only relevant to currently browsed web page, but also novel with respect to the user's recent browsing history. The novelty feature in keyword extraction task results in meaningful news recommendations with regards to the web page the users currently visits. Moreover the extension offers a salient visualization of the terms corresponding to the users recent browsing history making thus the extension a comprehensive tool for real time news recommendation and self assessment.	Match the news: a firefox extension for real-time news recommendation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bela Gipp:Norman Meuschke:Corinna Breitinger:Mario Lipinski:Andreas Nürnberger	NA	Demonstration of citation pattern analysis for plagiarism detection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fernando Ruiz-Rico:David Tomás:Jose-Luis Vicedo:María-Consuelo Rubio-Sánchez	This paper presents an application for medicinal plants prescription based on text classification techniques. The system receives as an input a free text describing the symptoms of a user, and retrieves a ranked list of medicinal plants related to those symptoms. In addition, a set of links to Wikipedia are also provided, enriching the information about every medicinal plant presented to the user. In order to improve the accessibility to the application, the input can be written in six different languages, adapting the results accordingly. The application interface can be accessed from different devices and platforms.	A multilingual and multiplatform application for medicinal plants prescription from medical symptoms	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Veli Bicer:Vanessa Lopez	Today plenty of data is emerging from various city systems. Beyond the classical Web resources, large amounts of data are retrieved from sensors, devices, social networks, governmental applications, or service networks. In such a diversity of information, answering specific information needs of city inhabitants requires holistic IR techniques, capable of harnessing different types of city data and turned it into actionable insights to answer different queries. This tutorial will present deep insights, challenges, opportunities and techniques to make heterogeneous city data searchable and show how emerging IR techniques models can be employed to retrieve relevant information for the citizens.	Searching in the city of knowledge: challenges and recent developments	NA:NA	2018
B. Barla Cambazoglu:Ricardo Baeza-Yates	Commercial web search engines rely on very large compute infrastructures to be able to cope with the continuous growth of the Web and user bases. Achieving scalability and efficiency in such large-scale search engines requires making careful architectural design choices while devising algorithmic performance optimizations. Unfortunately, most details about the internal functioning of commercial web search engines remain undisclosed due to their financial value and the high level of competition in the search market. The main objective of this tutorial is to provide an overview of the fundamental scalability and efficiency challenges in commercial web search engines, bridging the existing gap between the industry and academia.	Scalability and efficiency challenges in commercial web search engines	NA:NA	2018
Peter Knees:Markus Schedl	This tutorial serves as an introductory course to the field of and state-of-the-art in music information retrieval (MIR) and in particular to music similarity estimation which is an essential component of music retrieval. Apart from explaining approaches that estimate similarity based on acoustic properties of an audio signal, we review methods that exploit (mostly textual) meta-data from the Web to build representations of music then used for similarity calculation. Additionally, topics such as (large-scale) music indexing, information extraction for music, personalization in music retrieval, and evaluation of MIR systems are addressed.	Music similarity and retrieval	NA:NA	2018
Oren Kurland	NA	The cluster hypothesis in information retrieval	NA	2018
Edgar Meij:Krisztian Balog:Daan Odijk	This full-day tutorial presents a comprehensive introduction to entity linking and retrieval. Part I provides a detailed overview of entity linking: identifying and disambiguating entity occurrences in unstructured text. Part II focuses on entity retrieval, by first considering scenarios where explicit representations of entities are available, and then moving to a setting where evidence needs to be collected and aggregated from multiple documents or even collections, thereby combining techniques from both entity linking and entity retrieval. Part III concludes the tutorial with an overview and hands-on comparative analysis of applications and publicly available toolkits and web services.	Entity linking and retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Alessandro Moschitti	Kernel Methods (KMs) are powerful machine learning techniques that can alleviate the data representation problem as they substitute scalar product between feature vectors with similarity functions (kernels) directly defined between data instances, e.g., syntactic trees, (thus features are not needed any longer). This tutorial aims at introducing essential and simplified theory of Support Vector Machines and KMs for the design of practical applications. It will describe effective kernels for easily engineering automatic classifiers and learning to rank algorithms using structured data and semantic processing. Some examples will be drawn from Question Answering, Passage Re-ranking, Short and Long Text Categorization, Relation Extraction, Named Entity Recognition, Co-Reference Resolution. Moreover, some practical demonstrations will be given using the SVM-Light-TK (tree kernel) toolkit.	Kernel-based learning to rank with syntactic and semantic structures	NA	2018
Tony Russell-Rose	Search is not just a box and ten blue links. Search is a journey: an exploration where what we encounter along the way changes what we seek. But in order to guide people along this journey, we must understand both the art and science of search experience design. The aim of this tutorial is to deliver a course grounded in good scholarship, integrating the latest research findings with insights derived from the practical experience of designing and optimizing an extensive range of commercial search applications. It focuses on the development of transferable, practical skills that can be learnt and practiced within a half-day session.	Designing search usability	NA	2018
Rodrygo L.T. Santos:Pablo Castells:Ismail Sengor Altingovde:Fazli Can	This tutorial aims to provide a unifying account of current research on diversity and novelty in different IR domains, namely, in the context of search engines, recommender systems, and data streams.	Diversity and novelty in information retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jialie Shen:Meng Wang:Shuicheng Yan:Peng Cui	In recent years, we have witnessed a rapid growth in the availability of digital multimedia on various application platforms and domains. Consequently, the problem of information overload has become more and more serious. In order to tackle the challenge, various multimedia recommendation technologies have been developed by different research communities (e.g., multimedia systems, information retrieval, machine learning and computer version). Meanwhile, many commercial web systems (e.g., Flick, YouTube, and Last.fm) have successfully applied recommendation techniques to provide users personalized content and services in a convenient and flexible way. When looking back, the information retrieval (IR) community has a long history of studying and contributing recommender system design and related issues. It has been proven that the recommender systems can effectively assist users in handling information overload and provide high-quality personalization. While several courses were dedicated to multimedia retrieval in the recent decade, to the best of our knowledge, the tutorial is the first one specifically focusing on multimedia recommender systems and their applications on various domains and media contents. We plan to summarize the research along this direction and provide an impetus for further research on this important topic	Multimedia recommendation: technology and techniques	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ian M. Soboroff	While existing test collections and evaluation conference efforts may sufficiently support one's research, one can easily find oneself wanting to solve problems no one else is solving yet. But how can research in IR be done (or be published!) without solid data and experiments? Not everyone can talk TREC, CLEF, INEX, or NTCIR into running a track to build a collection. This tutorial aims to teach how to build a test collection using resources at hand, how to measure the quality of that collection, how to understand its limitations, and how to communicate them. The intended audience is advanced students who find themselves in need of a test collection, or actually in the process of building a test collection, to support their own research. The goal of this tutorial is to lay out issues, procedures, pitfalls, and practical advice.	Building test collections: an interactive tutorial for students and others without their own evaluation conference series	NA	2018
Pablo Castells:Frank Hopfgartner:Alan Said:Mounia Lalmas	Evaluating adaptive and personalized information retrieval tech-niques is known to be a difficult endeavor. The rapid evolution of novel technologies in this scope raises additional challenges that further stress the need for new evaluation approaches and method-ologies. The BARS 2013 workshop seeks to provide a specific venue for work on novel, personalization-centric benchmarking approaches to evaluate adaptive retrieval and recommender systems.	Workshop on benchmarking adaptive retrieval and recommender systems: BARS 2013	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Charles L.A. Clarke:Luanne Freund:Mark D. Smucker:Emine Yilmaz	The SIGIR 2013 Workshop on Modeling User Behavior for Information Retrieval Evaluation (MUBE 2013) brings together people to discuss existing and new approaches, ways to collaborate, and other ideas and issues involved in improving information retrieval evaluation through the modeling of user behavior.	SIGIR 2013 workshop on modeling user behavior for information retrieval evaluation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bin Gao:Jun Yan:Dou Shen:Tie-Yan Liu	Internet advertising, a form of advertising that utilizes the Internet to deliver marketing messages and attract customers, has seen exponential growth since its inception around twenty years ago; it has been pivotal to the success of the World Wide Web. The dramatic growth of internet advertising poses great challenges to information retrieval, machine learning, data mining and game theory, and it calls for novel technologies to be developed. The main purpose of this workshop is to bring together researchers and practitioners in the area of Internet Advertising and enable them to share their latest research results, to express their opinions, and to discuss future directions.	Internet advertising: theory and practice	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Séamus Lawless:Maristella Agosti:Paul Clough:Owen Conlan	The Exploration, Navigation and Retrieval of Information in Cultural Heritage Workshop (ENRICH 2013) offers a forum to 1) discuss the challenges and opportunities in Information Retrieval research in the area of Cultural Heritage; 2) encourage collaboration between researchers engaged in work in this specialist area of Information Retrieval, and to foster the formation of a research community; and 3) identify a set of actions which the community should undertake to progress the research agenda. The workshop will foster a new stream of Information Retrieval research and support the design of search tools that can help end-users fully exploit the wonderful Cultural Heritage material that is available across the globe.	Exploration, navigation and retrieval of information in cultural heritage: ENRICH 2013	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fernando Diaz:Susan Dumais:Miles Efron:Kira Radinsky:Maarten de Rijke:Milad Shokouhi	Web content increasingly reflects the current state of the physical and social world, manifested both in traditional news media sources along with user-generated publishing sites such as Twitter, Foursquare, and Facebook. At the same time, web searching increasingly reflects problems grounded in the real world. As a result of this blending of the web with the real world, we observe that the web, both in its composition and use, has incorporated many of the dynamics of the real world. Few of the problems associated with searching dynamic collections are well understood, such as defining time-sensitive relevance, understanding user query behavior over time and understanding why certain web content changes. We believe that, just as static collections often benefit from modeling topics, dynamic collections will likely benefit from temporal modeling of events and time-sensitive user interests and intents, which were rarely addressed in the literature. There have been preliminary efforts in the research and industrial communities to address algorithms, architectures, evaluation methodologies and metrics. We aim to bring together practitioners and researchers to discuss their recent breakthroughs and the challenges with addressing time-aware information access, both from the algorithmic and the architectural perspectives. This workshop is a successor to the successful SIGIR 2012 Workshop on Time Aware Information Access (#TAIA2012). Where the 2012 edition was the first to bring together a broad set of academic and industrial researchers around the topic of time-aware information access, the specific focus of this workshop is on the many time-aware benchmarking activities that are ongoing in 2013.	SIGIR 2013 workshop on time aware information access (#TAIA2013)	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ryen W. White:Elad Yom-Tov:Eric Horvitz:Eugene Agichtein:William Hersh	This workshop brings together researchers and practitioners from industry and academia to discuss search and discovery in the medi-cal domain. The event focuses on ways to make medical and health information more accessible to laypeople (including enhancements to ranking algorithms and search interfaces), and how we can dis-cover new medical facts and phenomena from information sought online, as evidenced in query streams and other sources such as social media. This domain also offers many opportunities for appli-cations that monitor and improve quality of life of those affected by medical conditions, by providing tools to support their health-related information behavior.	Workshop on health search and discovery: helping users and advancing medicine	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Max L. Wilson:Birger Larsen:Preben Hansen:Kristian Norling:Tony Russell-Rose	A proposal summary for the EuroHCIR workshop at SIGIR2013.	EuroHCIR2013: the 3rd European workshop on human-computer interaction and information retrieval	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fabiano Belém	We propose to explicitly exploit issues related to novelty and diversity in tag recommendation tasks, an unexplored research avenue (only relevance issues have been investigated so far), in order to improve user experience and satisfaction. We propose new tag recommendation strategies to cover these issues and highlight the involved challenges.	Beyond relevance: on novelty and diversity in tag recommendation	NA	2018
Thilo Boehm	NA	Group-support for task-based information searching: a knowledge-based approach	NA	2018
Matt Crane	The need for a search engine to deal with ambiguous queries has been known for a long time (diversification). However, it is only recently that this need has become a focus within information retrieval research. How to respond to indications that a result is relevant to a query (relevance feedback) has also been a long focus of research. When thinking about the results for a query as being clustered by topic, these two areas of information retrieval research appear to be opposed to each other. Interestingly though, they both appear to improve the performance of search engines, raising the question: they can be combined or made to work with each other? When presented with an ambiguous query there are a number of techniques that can be employed to better select results. The primary technique being researched now is diversification, which aims to populate the results with a set of documents that cover different possible interpretations for the query, while maintaining a degree of relevance, as determined by the search engine. For example, given a query of "java" it is unclear whether the user, without any other information, means the programming language, the coffee, the island of Indonesia or a multitude of other meanings. In order to do this the assumption that documents are independent of each other when assessing potential relevance has to be broken. That is, a documents relevance, as calculated by the search engine, is no longer dependent only on the query, but also the other documents that have been selected. How a document is identified as being similar to previously selected documents, and the trade off between estimated relevance and topic coverage are current areas for information retrieval research. For unambiguous queries, or for search engines that do not perform diversification, it is possible to improve the results selected by reacting to information identifying a given result as truly relevant or not. This mechanism is known as relevance feedback. The most common response to relevance feedback is to investigate the documents for their most content-bearing terms, and either add, or subtract, their influence to a newly formed query which is then re-run on the remaining documents to re-order them. There has been a scant amount of research into the combination of these methods. However, Carbonell et al. [1] show that an initially diverse result set can provide a better approach for identifying the topic a user is interested in for a relevance feedback style approach. This approach was further extended by Raman et al. [4]. An important aspect of relevance feedback is the selection of documents to use. In the 2008 TREC relevance feedback track, Meij et al. [3] generated a diversified result set which outperformed other rankings as a source of feedback documents. The use of pseudo-relevance feedback (assuming the top ranked documents are relevant) to extract sub-topics for use in diversification was explored by Santos et al. [5]. These previous approaches suggest that these two ideas are more linked than expected. The ATIRE search engine [6] will be used to further explore the relationship between diversification and relevance feedback. ATIRE was selected because it is developed locally, and is designed to be small and fast. ATIRE also produces a competitive baseline, which would have placed 6th in the 2011 TREC diversity task while performing no diversification and index-time spam filtering [2], although we concede this is not equivalent to submitting a run.	Diversified relevance feedback	NA	2018
Petra Galuščáková	The importance of Information Retrieval (IR) in audio-visual recordings has been increasing with steeply growing numbers of audio-visual documents available on-line. Compared to traditional IR methods, this task requires specific techniques, such as Passage Retrieval which can accelerate the search process by retrieving the exact relevant passage of a recording instead of the full document. In Passage Retrieval, full recordings are divided into shorter segments which serve as individual documents for the further IR setup. This technique also allows normalizing document length and applying positional information. It was shown that it can even improve retrieval results. In this work, we examine two general strategies for Passage Retrieval: blind segmentation into overlapping regular-length passages and segmentation into variable-length passages based on semantics of their content. Time-based segmentation was already shown to improve retrieval of textual documents and audio-visual recordings. Our experiments performed on the test collection used in the Search subtask of the Search and Hyperlinking Task in MediaEval Benchmarking 2012 confirm those findings and show that parameters (segment length and shift) tuning for a specific test collection can further improve the results. Our best results on this collection were achieved by using 45-second long segments with 15-second shifts. Semantic-based segmentation can be divided into three types: similarity-based (producing segments with high intra-similarity and low inter-similarity), lexical-chain-based (producing segments with frequent lexically connected words), and feature-based (combining various features which signalize a segment break in a machine-learning setting). In this work, we mainly focus on feature-based segmentation which allows exploiting various features from all modalities of the data (including segment length) in a single trainable model and produces segments which can eventually overlap. Our preliminary results show that even simple semantic-based segmentation outperforms regular segmentation. Our model is a decision tree incorporating the following features: shot segments, output of TextTiling algorithm, cue words (well, thanks, so, I, now), sentence breaks, and the length of the silence after the previous word. In terms of the MASP, the relative improvement over regular segmentation is more than 19%.	Segmentation strategies for passage retrieval in audio-visual documents	NA	2018
Faegheh Hasibi	Structural information retrieval is mostly based on hierarchy. However, in real life information is not purely hierarchical and structural elements may overlap each other. The most common example is a document with two distinct structural views, where the logical view is section/ subsection/ paragraph and the physical view is page/ line. Each single structural view of this document is a hierarchy and the components are either disjoint or nested inside each other. The overlapping issue arises when one structural element cannot be neatly nested into others. For instance, when a paragraph starts in one page and terminates in the next page. Similar situations can appear in videos and other multimedia contents, where temporal or spatial constituents of a media file may overlap each other. Querying over overlapping structures is one of the challenges of large scale search engines. For instance, FSIS (FAST Search for Internet Sites) [1] is a Microsoft search platform, which encounters overlaps while analysing content of textual data. FSIS uses a pipeline process to extract structure and semantic information of documents. The pipeline contains several components, where each component writes annotations to the input data. These annotations consist of structural elements and some of them may overlap each other. Handling overlapping structures in search engines will add a novel capability of searching, where users can ask queries such as "Find all the words that overlap two lines" or "Find the music played during Intro scene of Avatar movie". There are also other use cases, where the user of the search engine is not a person, but is a specific program with complex, non-traditional information retrieval needs. This research attempts to index overlapping structures and provide efficient query processing for large-scale search engines. The current research on overlapping structures revolves around encoding and modelling data, while indexing and query processing methods need investigations. Moreover, due to intrinsic complexity of overlaps, XML indexing and query processing techniques cannot be used for overlapping structures. Hence, my research on overlapping structures comprises three main parts: (1) an indexing method that supports both hierarchies and overlaps; (2) a query processing method based on the indexing technique and (3) a query language that is close to natural language and supports both full text and structural queries. Our approach for indexing overlaps is to adapt the PrePost [3] XML indexing method to overlapping structures. This method labels each node with its start and end positions and requires modest storage space. However, PrePost indexing cannot be used for overlapping nodes. To overcome this issue, we need to define a data model for overlapping structures. Since hierarchies are not sufficient to describe overlapping components, several data structures have been introduced by scholars. One of the most interesting data models is GODDAG [2]. GODDAG is a tree-like graph, where nodes can have multiple parentage. This model can support overlaps as well as simple inheritance. Our proposed data model for indexing overlaps is such a tree-like structure, where we can define overlapping, parent-child and ancestor-descendant relationships.	Indexing and querying overlapping structures	NA	2018
Nut Limsopatham	Electronic medical records (EMRs) are being increasingly used worldwide to facilitate improved healthcare services [2,3]. They describe the clinical decision process relating to a patient, detailing the observed symptoms, the conducted diagnostic tests, the identified diagnoses and the prescribed treatments. However, medical records search is challenging, due to the implicit knowledge inherent within the medical records - such knowledge may be known by medical practitioners, but hidden to an information retrieval (IR) system [3]. For instance, the mention of a treatment such as a drug may indicate to a practitioner that a particular diagnosis has been made even if this was not explicitly mentioned in the patient's EMRs. Moreover, the fact that a symptom has not been observed by a clinician may rule out some specific diagnoses. Our work focuses on searching EMRs to identify patients with medical histories relevant to the medical condition(s) stated in a query. The resulting system can be beneficial to healthcare providers, administrators, and researchers who may wish to analyse the effectiveness of a particular medical procedure to combat a specific disease [2,4]. During retrieval, a healthcare provider may indicate a number of inclusion criteria to describe the type of patients of interest. For example, the used criteria may include personal profiles (e.g. age and gender) or some specific medical symptoms and tests, allowing to identify patients that have EMRs matching the criteria. To attain effective retrieval performance, we hypothesise that, in such a medical IR system, both the information needs and patients should be modelled based on how the medical process is developed. Specifically, our thesis states that since the medical decision process typically encompasses four aspects (symptom, diagnostic test, diagnosis, and treatment), a medical search system should take into account these aspects and apply inferences to recover possible implicit knowledge. We postulate that considering these aspects and their derived implicit knowledge at different levels of the retrieval process (namely, sentence, record, and inter-record level) enhances the retrieval performance. Indeed, we propose to build a query and patient understanding framework that can gain insights from EMRs and queries, by modelling and reasoning during retrieval in terms of the four aforementioned aspects (symptom, diagnostic test, diagnosis, and treatment) at three different levels of the retrieval process.	A query and patient understanding framework for medical records search	NA	2018
Piero Molino	The task of Question Answering (QA) is to find correct answers to users' questions expressed in natural language. In the last few years non-factoid QA received more attention. It focuses on causation, manner and reason questions, where the expected answer has the form of a passage of text. The presence of question and answers corpora allows the adoption of Learning to Rank (MLR) algorithms in order to out- put a sensible ranking of the candidate answers. The importance and effectiveness of linguistically motivated features, obtained from syntax, lexical semantics and semantic role labeling, was shown in literature [2-4], but there are still several different possible semantic features that have not been taken into account so far and our goal is to find out if their use could lead to performance improvement. In particular features coming from Semantic Models (SM) like Distributional Semantic Models (DSMs), Explicit Semantic Analysis (ESA), Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) induced topics have never been applied to the task so far. Based on the usefulness that those models show in other tasks, we think that SM can have a significant role in improving current state-of-the-art systems' performance in answer re-ranking. The questions this research wants to answer are: 1) Do semantic features bring information that is not present in the bag-of-words and syntactic features? 2) Do they bring different information or does it overlap with that of other features? 3) Are additional semantic features useful for answer re-ranking? Does their adoption improve systems' performance? 4) Which of them is more effective and under which circumstances? We performed a preliminary evaluation of DSMs on the ResPubliQA 2010 Dataset. We built a DSM based answer scorer that represents the question and the answer as the sums of the vectors of their terms taken term-term co-occurrence matrix and calculates their cosine similarity. We replaced the term-term matrix with the ones obtained by Random Indexing (RI), Latent Semantic Analysis (LSA) and LSA over the RI. Considering each DSM on its own, the results prove that all the DSMs are better than the baseline (the standard term-term co-occurrence matrix), and the improvement is always significant. The best improvement for the MRR in English is obtained by LSA (+180%), while in Italian by LSARI (+161%). We also showed that combining the DSMs with overlap based measures via CombSum the ranking is significantly better than the baseline obtained by the overlap measures alone. For English we have obtained an improvement in MRR of about 16% and for Italian, we achieve a even higher improvement in MRR of 26%. Finally, adopting RankNet for combining the overlap features and the DSMs features, improves the MRR of about 13%. More details can be found in [1]. In order to investigate the effectiveness of the semantic features, we still need to incorporate other semantic features, such as ESA, LDA and other state-of-the-art linguistic features. Other operators for semantic compositionality, like product, tensor product and circular convolution, will also be investigated. Moreover we will experiment on different datasets, focus- ing mainly on non-factoid QA. The Yahoo! Answers Manner Questions datasets are a good starting point. A new dataset will also be collected with questions from the users of Wikiedi (a QA system over Wikipedia articles, www.wikiedi.it) and answers in the form of paragraphs from Wikipedia pages.	Semantic models for answer re-ranking in question answering	NA	2018
Seyedeh Sargol Sadeghi	NA	Task differentiation for personal search evaluation	NA	2018
Maya Sappelli	Today's working world of knowledge workers is changing rapidly. The available information that they need to process is ever growing. In addition, the characteristics of their work are changing as people can and do their work from home. This has resulted in the need to support knowledge workers in order to prevent burnouts. The project SWELL (http://www.swell-project.net) targets this by developing systems that support user's mental and physical well-being at work and at home. In the PhD project presented in this abstract we aim at maintaining well-being at work through information support.	The role of current working context in professional search	NA	2018
Wan-Ching Wu	NA	How far will you go?: characterizing and predicting online search stopping behavior using information scent and need for cognition	NA	2018
