Wanda Pratt	NA	Session details: Health 1: technology challenges	NA	2018
Meg Cramer:Sen H. Hirano:Monica Tentori:Michael T. Yeganyan:Gillian R. Hayes	vSked is an interactive and collaborative assistive technology for students with autism, combining visual schedules, choice boards, and a token-based reward system into an integrated classroom system. In this paper, we present the results of a study of three deployments of vSked over the course of a year in two autism classrooms. The results of our study demonstrate that vSked can promote student independence, reduce the quantity of educator-initiated prompts, encourage consistency and predictability, reduce the time required to transition from one activity to another. The findings from this study reveal practices surrounding the use of assistive technologies in classrooms and highlight important considerations for both the design and the evaluation of assistive technologies in the future, especially those destined for classroom use.	Classroom-based assistive technology: collective use of interactive visual schedules by students with autism	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Raij:Animikh Ghosh:Santosh Kumar:Mani Srivastava	Wearable sensors are revolutionizing healthcare and science by enabling capture of physiological, psychological, and behavioral measurements in natural environments. However, these seemingly innocuous measurements can be used to infer potentially private behaviors such as stress, conversation, smoking, drinking, illicit drug usage, and others. We conducted a study to assess how concerned people are about disclosure of a variety of behaviors and contexts that are embedded in wearable sensor data. Our results show participants are most concerned about disclosures of conversation episodes and stress - inferences that are not yet widely publicized. These concerns are mediated by temporal and physical context associated with the data and the participant's personal stake in the data. Our results provide key guidance on the extent to which people understand the potential for harm and data characteristics researchers should focus on to reduce the perceived harm from such datasets.	Privacy risks emerging from the adoption of innocuous wearable sensors in the mobile environment	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anita Das:Arild Faxvaag:Dag Svanæs	In this paper we explore how having cancer and receiving therapy influences upon patients' ability to use an online healthcare system. The motivation is that no empirically based design guidelines are available concerning this user group. Ignoring possible effects of illness and therapy can result in systems with poor usability and user acceptance. A case-control usability test with 14 cancer patients and 14 matched controls revealed that the cancer patients experienced significantly more difficulties compared with the healthy controls using a web-based online healthcare system. We conclude that designers of online healthcare systems need to take into consideration the unique challenges of being ill and/or using medication.	Interaction design for cancer patients: do we need to take into account the effects of illness and medication?	NA:NA:NA	2018
Melissa Quek:Daniel Boland:John Williamson:Roderick Murray-Smith:Michele Tavella:Serafeim Perdikis:Martijn Schreuder:Michael Tangermann	We describe an approach to improving the design and development of Brain-Computer Interface (BCI) applications by simulating the error-prone characteristics and subjective feel of electroencephalogram (EEG), motor-imagery based BCIs. BCIs have the potential to enhance the quality of life of people who are severely disabled, but it is often time-consuming to test and develop the systems. Simulation of BCI characteristics allows developers to rapidly test design options, and gain both subjective and quantitative insight into expected behaviour without using an EEG cap. A further motivation for the use of simulation is that 'impairing' a person without motor disabilities in a game with a disabled BCI user can create a level playing field and help carers empathise with BCI users. We demonstrate a use of the simulator in controlling a game of Brain Pong.	Simulating the feel of brain-computer interfaces for design, development and social interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lauren Wilcox:Dan Morris:Desney Tan:Justin Gatewood:Eric Horvitz	Patients' basic understanding of clinical events has been shown to dramatically improve patient care. We propose that the automatic generation of very short micro-explanations, suitable for real-time delivery in clinical settings, can transform patient care by giving patients greater awareness of key events in their electronic medical record. We present results of a survey study indicating that it may be possible to automatically generate such explanations by extracting individual sentences from consumer-facing Web pages. We further inform future work by characterizing physician and non-physician responses to a variety of Web-extracted explanations of medical lab tests.	Characterizing patient-friendly "micro-explanations"of medical events	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Carman Neustaedter	NA	Session details: Telepresence	NA	2018
Min Kyung Lee:Leila Takayama	As geographically distributed teams become increasingly common, there are more pressing demands for communication work practices and technologies that support distributed collaboration. One set of technologies that are emerging on the commercial market is mobile remote presence (MRP) systems, physically embodied videoconferencing systems that remote workers use to drive through a workplace, communicating with locals there. Our interviews, observations, and survey results from people, who had 2-18 months of MRP use, showed how remotely-controlled mobility enabled remote workers to live and work with local coworkers almost as if they were physically there. The MRP supported informal communications and connections between distributed coworkers. We also found that the mobile embodiment of the remote worker evoked orientations toward the MRP both as a person and as a machine, leading to formation of new usage norms among remote and local coworkers.	"Now, i have a body": uses and social norms for mobile remote presence in the workplace	NA:NA	2018
Paul Luff:Naomi Yamashita:Hideaki Kuzuoka:Christian Heath	In this paper we report on some experiments with a high fidelity media space, t-Room, an immersive system that presents full scale, real-time images of co-participants who are in similar spaces many miles apart. Although being designed to provide a coherent environment for interaction the system introduces a number of incongruities, both in time and space. Drawing on some quasi-naturalistic experiments, where the participants were required to analyse complex data, we consider how the participants manage these incongruities. We conclude by briefly discussing the resources people utilize to produce and recognize conduct in embodied spaces.	Hands on hitchcock: embodied reference to a moving scene	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dingyun Zhu:Tom Gedeon:Ken Taylor	Control of camera viewpoint plays a vital role in many teleoperation activities, as watching live video streams is still the fundamental way for operators to obtain situational awareness from remote environments. Motivated by a real-world industrial setting in mining teleoperation, we explore several possible solutions to resolve a common multi-tasking situation where an operator is required to control a robot and simultaneously perform remote camera operation. Conventional control interfaces are predominantly used in such teleoperation settings, but could overload an operator's hand-operation capability, and require frequent attention switches and thus could decrease productivity. We report on an empirical user study in a model multi-tasking teleoperation setting where the user has a main task which requires their attention. We compare three different camera viewpoint control models: (1) dual manual control, (2) natural interaction (combining eye gaze and head motion) and (3) autonomous tracking. The results indicate the advantages of using the natural interaction model, while the manual control model performed the worst.	Exploring camera viewpoint control models for a multi-tasking setting in teleoperation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hideyuki Nakanishi:Kei Kato:Hiroshi Ishiguro	This paper shows that the augmentation of a remote person's positional movement enhances social telepresence. There are three possible ways of representing a remote person's movement toward the user in visual communication: a) the remote person's movement toward the remote camera, b) the remote camera's zooming in to enlarge the remote person's picture, and c) a forward movement of the display that is displaying the remote person. We conducted an experiment to see the relationship among these three ways and the effects of a remote camera's zooming and a display's movement on social telepresence. In the experiment, we observed that the remote person's movement lowered the reality of conversations, and the remote camera's zooming lowered the visual quality. However, social telepresence was enhanced when both the person's movement and the camera's zooming occurred simultaneously. We also observed that a 6-centimeter movement of the display enhanced social telepresence, whether the remote person moved or not.	Zoom cameras and movable displays enhance social telepresence	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rob Jacob	NA	Session details: Olfaction, breath & biofeedback	NA	2018
Joe Marshall:Duncan Rowland:Stefan Rennick Egglestone:Steve Benford:Brendan Walker:Derek McAuley	Emerging robotic technologies are enabling the control of individual seats on rollercoasters and other thrill rides. We explore the potential of breathing as an effective and engaging way of driving this. Observations and interviews from trials of an enhanced bucking bronco ride show that breath-control is fun, challenging and intelligible, and reveal riders-x tactics as they battled the machine. We conclude that breath control is feasible and appropriate for controlling rides, unpack its important characteristics, and consider how it might be built into future ride systems. We argue that the combination of voluntary and involuntary factors in breathing is especially appealing for controlling rides as it balances game-like elements of skill and learning against the thrill of surrendering control to the machine.	Breath control of amusement rides	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daisuke Noguchi:Sayumi Sugimoto:Yuichi Bannai:Ken-ichi Okada	The transmission of olfactory information together with audiovisual information is now attracting much attention. However, the information is difficult to synchronize because of problems of scent lingering in the air and olfactory adaptation. We aimed at minimizing the amount of odorant presented to users in order to mitigate these problems, and developed an olfactory display that is able to present scents precisely. The display uses pulse ejection, whereby scents are emitted for only short periods of time. In this study, we aimed to mitigate the above-mentioned problems and to measure the time characteristics of olfaction in a single breath, which are difficult to measure by conventional methods. As a result, the most effective conditions for using a small amount of odorant in a single breath were revealed. These results are expected to ease the synchronization of olfactory and audiovisual information.	Time characteristics of olfaction in a single breath	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Takuji Narumi:Shinya Nishizaka:Takashi Kajinami:Tomohiro Tanikawa:Michitaka Hirose	The main contribution of this paper is to realize computer generated augmented flavors and establish a method to integrate gustatory information into computer human interactions. There are several reasons for the scarcity of research on gustatory information. One reason is that taste sensations are affected by a number of factors, such as vision, olfaction and memories. This produces a complex cognition mechanism for a user's gustatory sensation, and makes it difficult to build up a gustatory display which produces a specific taste on demand. Our hypothesis is that the complexity of gustatory sensation can be applied to the realization of a "Pseudo-gustatory" display that presents the desired flavors by means of a cross-modal effect elicited by visual and olfactory augmented reality. We propose the Edible Marker system, which can detect the state [number/shape/6-degree-of-freedom (DOF) coordinate] of each piece of bitten or divided food in real time, and the "Pseudo-gustation" method to change the perceived taste of food by changing its appearance and scent. We construct "MetaCookie+" as an implementation and discuss its validity through an exploratory study.	Augmented reality flavors: gustatory display based on edible marker and cross-modal interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lennart Erik Nacke:Michael Kalyn:Calvin Lough:Regan Lee Mandryk	Prior work on physiological game interaction has focused on dynamically adapting games using physiological sensors. In this paper, we propose a classification of direct and indirect physiological sensor input to augment traditional game control. To find out which sensors work best for which game mechanics, we conducted a mixed-methods study using different sensor mappings. Our results show participants have a preference for direct physiological control in games. This has two major design implications for physiologically controlled games: (1) Direct physiological sensors should be mapped intuitively to reflect an action in the virtual world; (2) Indirect physiological input is best used as a dramatic device in games to influence features altering the game world.	Biofeedback game design: using direct and indirect physiological control to enhance game interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jennifer Lai	NA	Session details: Research methods	NA	2018
Dominic Furniss:Ann Blandford:Paul Curzon	Grounded Theory (GT) is used within HCI research, but nuances and more modern interpretations of the method are rarely discussed. This paper has two intentions: to offer guidance on practical issues when applying GT, and to clarify the space of methodological possibilities. We describe an extended GT study on understanding why practitioners choose particular usability evaluation methods. We describe five stages in this study to highlight our experiences and choices made. We draw out seven practical and methodological considerations in applying GT in a CHI context. This challenges the more traditional inductive and objective positions on GT use; it sensitizes novices of GT to these issues; and through the extended case study it provides substance for debate on issues that affect those that use qualitative methods more broadly.	Confessions from a grounded theory PhD: experiences and lessons learnt	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jennifer A. Rode	There are a variety of forms of ethnography inside and outside HCI each with valid complementary contributions. This paper looks at the practices of digital anthropology and how it contributes to reflexive design in HCI. The paper overviews key aspects its use in HCI, as well as in the anthropological approach. In doing so it relates these practices to participatory design and the socio-technical gap, and the ways ethnography can address them.	Reflexivity in digital anthropology	NA	2018
Eric P.S. Baumer:Bill Tomlinson	The field of HCI is growing, not only in the variety of application areas or the volume of research conducted, but also in the number of analytical approaches for use in the evaluation and design of interactive systems. However, despite the abundance of theoretical frameworks available, relatively little work has directly compared the application of these frameworks. This paper compares video analysis methods based on two analytic frameworks - activity theory (AT) and distributed cognition (DCog) - by performing an analysis of the same system from each of the two different theoretical perspectives. The results presented here provide a better understanding of how such theoretically informed methods in practice both resemble and differ from one another. Furthermore, this comparison enables specific insights about each of the theories themselves, as well as more general discussion about the role of theory in HCI.	Comparing activity theory with distributed cognition for video analysis: beyond "kicking the tires"	NA:NA	2018
Jacob O. Wobbrock:Leah Findlater:Darren Gergle:James J. Higgins	Nonparametric data from multi-factor experiments arise often in human-computer interaction (HCI). Examples may include error counts, Likert responses, and preference tallies. But because multiple factors are involved, common nonparametric tests (e.g., Friedman) are inadequate, as they are unable to examine interaction effects. While some statistical techniques exist to handle such data, these techniques are not widely available and are complex. To address these concerns, we present the Aligned Rank Transform (ART) for nonparametric factorial data analysis in HCI. The ART relies on a preprocessing step that "aligns" data before applying averaged ranks, after which point common ANOVA procedures can be used, making the ART accessible to anyone familiar with the F-test. Unlike most articles on the ART, which only address two factors, we generalize the ART to N factors. We also provide ARTool and ARTweb, desktop and Web-based programs for aligning and ranking data. Our re-examination of some published HCI results exhibits advantages of the ART.	The aligned rank transform for nonparametric factorial analyses using only anova procedures	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Krzysztof Gajos	NA	Session details: Machine learning	NA	2018
Rebecca Fiebrink:Perry R. Cook:Dan Trueman	Model evaluation plays a special role in interactive machine learning (IML) systems in which users rely on their assessment of a model's performance in order to determine how to improve it. A better understanding of what model criteria are important to users can therefore inform the design of user interfaces for model evaluation as well as the choice and design of learning algorithms. We present work studying the evaluation practices of end users interactively building supervised learning systems for real-world gesture analysis problems. We examine users' model evaluation criteria, which span conventionally relevant criteria such as accuracy and cost, as well as novel criteria such as unexpectedness. We observed that users employed evaluation techniques---including cross-validation and direct, real-time evaluation---not only to make relevant judgments of algorithms' performance and interactively improve the trained models, but also to learn to provide more effective training data. Furthermore, we observed that evaluation taught users about what types of models were easy or possible to build, and users sometimes used this information to modify the learning problem definition or their plans for using the trained models in practice. We discuss the implications of these findings with regard to the role of generalization accuracy in IML, the design of new algorithms and interfaces, and the scope of potential benefits of incorporating human interaction in the design of supervised learning systems.	Human model evaluation in interactive supervised learning	NA:NA:NA	2018
Saleema Amershi:Bongshin Lee:Ashish Kapoor:Ratul Mahajan:Blaine Christian	Network alarm triage refers to grouping and prioritizing a stream of low-level device health information to help operators find and fix problems. Today, this process tends to be largely manual because existing tools cannot easily evolve with the network. We present CueT, a system that uses interactive machine learning to learn from the triaging decisions of operators. It then uses that learning in novel visualizations to help them quickly and accurately triage alarms. Unlike prior interactive machine learning systems, CueT handles a highly dynamic environment where the groups of interest are not known a-priori and evolve constantly. A user study with real operators and data from a large network shows that CueT significantly improves the speed and accuracy of alarm triage compared to the network's current practice.	CueT: human-guided fast and accurate network alarm triage	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Duen Horng Chau:Aniket Kittur:Jason I. Hong:Christos Faloutsos	Extracting useful knowledge from large network datasets has become a fundamental challenge in many domains, from scientific literature to social networks and the web. We introduce Apolo, a system that uses a mixed-initiative approach - combining visualization, rich user interaction and machine learning - to guide the user to incrementally and interactively explore large network data and make sense of it. Apolo engages the user in bottom-up sensemaking to gradually build up an understanding over time by starting small, rather than starting big and drilling down. Apolo also helps users find relevant information by specifying exemplars, and then using a machine learning method called Belief Propagation to infer which other nodes may be of interest. We evaluated Apolo with twelve participants in a between-subjects study, with the task being to find relevant new papers to update an existing survey paper. Using expert judges, participants using Apolo found significantly more relevant papers. Subjective feedback of Apolo was also very positive.	Apolo: making sense of large network data by combining rich user interaction and machine learning	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Rohs	NA	Session details: Mid-air pointing & gestures	NA	2018
Mathieu Nancel:Julie Wagner:Emmanuel Pietriga:Olivier Chapuis:Wendy Mackay	Very-high-resolution wall-sized displays offer new opportunities for interacting with large data sets. While pointing on this type of display has been studied extensively, higher-level, more complex tasks such as pan-zoom navigation have received little attention. It thus remains unclear which techniques are best suited to perform multiscale navigation in these environments. Building upon empirical data gathered from studies of pan-and-zoom on desktop computers and studies of remote pointing, we identified three key factors for the design of mid-air pan-and-zoom techniques: uni- vs. bimanual interaction, linear vs. circular movements, and level of guidance to accomplish the gestures in mid-air. After an extensive phase of iterative design and pilot testing, we ran a controlled experiment aimed at better understanding the influence of these factors on task performance. Significant effects were obtained for all three factors: bimanual interaction, linear gestures and a high level of guidance resulted in significantly improved performance. Moreover, the interaction effects among some of the dimensions suggest possible combinations for more complex, real-world tasks.	Mid-air pan-and-zoom on wall-sized displays	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Bragdon:Hsu-Sheng Ko	When working at a large wall display, even if partially utilized, many targets are likely to be distant from the user, requiring walking, which is slow, and interrupts workflow. We propose a novel technique for selecting remote targets called Gesture Select, in which users draw an initial mark, in a target's direction; rectilinear gestures represented as icons are dynamically overlaid on targets within a region of interest; the user then continues by drawing the continuation mark corresponding to the target, to select it. Extensions to this technique to support working with remote content for an extended period, and learning gesture shortcuts are presented. A formal experiment indicates Gesture Select significantly outperformed direct selection for mid/far targets. Further analysis suggests Gesture Select performance is principally affected by the extent to which users can read the gestures, influenced by distance and perspective warping, and the gesture complexity in the ROI. The results of a second 2-D experiment with labeled targets indicate Gesture Select significantly outperformed direct selection and an existing technique.	Gesture select:: acquiring remote targets on large displays without pointing	NA:NA	2018
Jaime Ruiz:Yang Li:Edward Lank	Modern smartphones contain sophisticated sensors to monitor three-dimensional movement of the device. These sensors permit devices to recognize motion gestures - deliberate movements of the device by end-users to invoke commands. However, little is known about best-practices in motion gesture design for the mobile computing paradigm. To address this issue, we present the results of a guessability study that elicits end-user motion gestures to invoke commands on a smartphone device. We demonstrate that consensus exists among our participants on parameters of movement and on mappings of motion gestures onto commands. We use this consensus to develop a taxonomy for motion gestures and to specify an end-user inspired motion gesture set. We highlight the implications of this work to the design of smartphone applications and hardware. Finally, we argue that our results influence best practices in design for all gestural interfaces.	User-defined motion gestures for mobile interaction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Lü:Yang Li	Finger-based touch input has become a major interaction modality for mobile user interfaces. However, due to the low precision of finger input, small user interface components are often difficult to acquire and operate on a mobile device. It is even harder when the user is on the go and unable to pay close attention to the interface. In this paper, we present Gesture Avatar, a novel interaction technique that allows users to operate existing arbitrary user interfaces using gestures. It leverages the visibility of graphical user interfaces and the casual interaction of gestures. Gesture Avatar can be used to enhance a range of mobile interactions. A user study we conducted showed that compared to Shift (an alternative technique for target acquisition tasks), Gesture Avatar performed at a much lower error rate on various target sizes and significantly faster on small targets (1mm). It also showed that using Gesture Avatar while walking did not significantly impact its performance, which makes it suitable for mobile uses.	Gesture avatar: a technique for operating mobile user interfaces using gestures	NA:NA	2018
Sharoda Paul	NA	Session details: Twitter systems	NA	2018
Jilin Chen:Rowan Nairn:Ed Chi	Conversation is a key element in online social streams such as Twitter and Facebook. However, finding interesting conversations to read is often a challenge, due to information overload and differing user preferences. In this work we explored five algorithms that recommend conversations to Twitter users, utilizing thread length, topic and tie-strength as factors. We compared the algorithms through an online user study and gathered feedback from real Twitter users. In particular, we investigated how users' purposes of using Twitter affect user preferences for different types of conversations and the performance of different algorithms. Compared to a random baseline, all algorithms recommended more interesting conversations. Further, tie-strength based algorithms performed significantly better for people who use Twitter for social purposes than for people who use Twitter for informational purpose only.	Speak little and well: recommending conversations in online social streams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Adam Marcus:Michael S. Bernstein:Osama Badar:David R. Karger:Samuel Madden:Robert C. Miller	Microblogs are a tremendous repository of user-generated content about world events. However, for people trying to understand events by querying services like Twitter, a chronological log of posts makes it very difficult to get a detailed understanding of an event. In this paper, we present TwitInfo, a system for visualizing and summarizing events on Twitter. TwitInfo allows users to browse a large collection of tweets using a timeline-based display that highlights peaks of high tweet activity. A novel streaming algorithm automatically discovers these peaks and labels them meaningfully using text from the tweets. Users can drill down to subevents, and explore further via geolocation, sentiment, and popular URLs. We contribute a recall-normalized aggregate sentiment visualization to produce more honest sentiment overviews. An evaluation of the system revealed that users were able to reconstruct meaningful summaries of events in a small amount of time. An interview with a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist suggested that the system would be especially useful for understanding a long-running event and for identifying eyewitnesses. Quantitatively, our system can identify 80-100% of manually labeled peaks, facilitating a relatively complete view of each event studied.	Twitinfo: aggregating and visualizing microblogs for event exploration	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Brent Hecht:Lichan Hong:Bongwon Suh:Ed H. Chi	Little research exists on one of the most common, oldest, and most utilized forms of online social geographic information: the 'location' field found in most virtual community user profiles. We performed the first in-depth study of user behavior with regard to the location field in Twitter user profiles. We found that 34% of users did not provide real location information, frequently incorporating fake locations or sarcastic comments that can fool traditional geographic information tools. When users did input their location, they almost never specified it at a scale any more detailed than their city. In order to determine whether or not natural user behaviors have a real effect on the 'locatability' of users, we performed a simple machine learning experiment to determine whether we can identify a user's location by only looking at what that user tweets. We found that a user's country and state can in fact be determined easily with decent accuracy, indicating that users implicitly reveal location information, with or without realizing it. Implications for location-based services and privacy are discussed.	Tweets from Justin Bieber's heart: the dynamics of the location field in user profiles	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Werner Geyer:Casey Dugan:Beth Brownholtz:Mikhil Masli:Elizabeth Daly:David R. Millen	We present the system design and rational for a novel social microcalendar called Timely. Our system has been inspired by previous research on calendaring and popular social network applications, in particular microblogging. Timely provides an open, social space for enterprise users to share their events, socialize, and discover what else is going on in their network and beyond. A detailed analysis of the events shared by users during the site's first 47 days reveals that users willingly share their time commitments despite an existing culture of restricted calendars.	An open, social microcalender for the enterprise: timely?	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Volker Wulf	NA	Session details: Sex & bodies	NA	2018
Jeffrey Bardzell:Shaowen Bardzell	In the past decade, HCI has become increasingly preoccupied with the deeply subjective qualities of interaction: experience, embodiment, pleasure, intimacy, and so on, an agenda sometimes grouped under the heading of "third-wave HCI"."Analytically understanding and designing for such qualities has been an ongoing challenge to the field, in part because its established theories and methodologies are comparatively weak at understanding and being responsive to human subjectivity. In this paper, we present a case study of a group of designers who have, in the past few years, revolutionized their domain - sex toys - by combining embodied pleasure, intimate experience, health and wellness, emerging technologies, high-quality design processes, and social activism. We consider the implications this case could have for researchers innovating on especially third-wave HCI design theories, methodologies, and processes.	Pleasure is your birthright: digitally enabled designer sex toys as a case of third-wave HCI	NA:NA	2018
Nithya Sambasivan:Julie Weber:Edward Cutrell	In this paper, we present the design, implementation, and deployment of a phone-based broadcasting system designed for reaching out to at-risk populations in urban India. We worked in collaboration with Pragati, a non-governmental organization dedicated to assisting Urban Sex Workers (USWs) in Bangalore, India, with the goal of improving Pragati's outreach to the women they serve. We conducted ethnographic action research to understand and address the needs of Pragati and the lifestyles of USWs. Responding to the unique design constraints of the USW community such as specific privacy and timing constraints, a desire to remain invisible, and the unusually high rate of mobile phone use, we designed a phone-based broadcasting system for Pragati. We then deployed the system on four different occasions and application areas. We present the results and key findings from our study, and conclude with a discussion on how designing for particularly difficult cases such as USWs can shed new light on the design of mobile applications for the developing world in general, such as challenging ubiquity and phone numbers as identity.	Designing a phone broadcasting system for urban sex workers in India	NA:NA:NA	2018
Pedro Ferreira:Kristina Höök	Since we started carrying mobiles phones, they have altered the ways in which we orient our bodies in the world. Many of those changes are invisible to us - they have become habits, deeply engrained in our society. To make us more aware of our bodily ways of living with mobiles and open the design space for novel ways of designing mobiles and their interactions, we decided to study one of the last groups of users on earth who had not been exposed to mobiles: the people of Vanuatu. As they had so recently started using mobiles, their use was still in flux: the fragility of the mobile was unusual to them as was the need to move in order to find coverage. They were still getting used to carrying their mobiles and keeping them safe. Their encounters with mobile use exposed the need to consider somaesthetics practices when designing mobiles as they profoundly affect our bodily ways of being in the world.	Bodily orientations around mobiles: lessons learnt in vanuatu	NA:NA	2018
Ed Chi	NA	Session details: Watching together	NA	2018
Sami Vihavainen:Sujeet Mate:Lassi Seppälä:Francesco Cricri:Igor D.D. Curcio	Recording and publishing mobile video clips from music concerts is popular. There is a high potential to increase the concert's perceived value when producing video remixes from individual video clips and using them socially. A digital production of a video remix is an interactive process between human and computer. However, it is not clear what the collaboration implications between human and computer are. We present a case study where we compare the processes and products of manual and automatic mobile video remixing. We provide results from the first systematic real world study of the subject. We draw our observations from a user trial where fans recorded mobile video clips during a rock concert. The results reveal issues on heterogeneous interests of the stakeholders, unexpected uses of the raw material, the burden of editing, diverse quality requirements, motivations for remixing, the effect of understanding the logic of automation, and the collaborative use of manual and automatic remixing.	We want more: human-computer collaboration in mobile social video remixing of music concerts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jude Yew:David A. Shamma:Elizabeth F. Churchill	Categorization of online videos is often treated as a tag suggestion task; tags can be generated by individuals or by machine classification. In this paper, we suggest categorization can be determined socially, based on people's interactions around media content without recourse to metadata that are intrinsic to the media object itself. This work bridges the gap between the human perception of genre and automatic categorization of genre in classifying online videos. We present findings from two internet surveys and from follow-up interviews where we address how people determine genre classification for videos and how social framing of video content can alter the perception and categorization of that content. From these findings, we train a Naive Bayes classifier to predict genre categories. The trained classifier achieved 82% accuracy using only social action data, without the use of content or media-specific metadata. We conclude with implications on how we categorize and organize media online as well as what our findings mean for designing and building future tools and interaction experiences.	Knowing funny: genre perception and categorization in social video sharing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Alireza Sahami Shirazi:Michael Rohs:Robert Schleicher:Sven Kratz:Alexander Müller:Albrecht Schmidt	Even with the rise of the World Wide Web, TV has remained the most pervasive entertainment medium and is nowadays often used together with other media, which allow for active participation. The idea of connecting non-collocated TV viewers via telecommunication technologies, referred to as Social TV, has recently received considerable attention. Such systems typically include set-top boxes for supporting collaboration. In this research we investigate if real-time opinion sharing about TV shows through a nonverbal (non-textual) iconic UI on mobile phones is reasonable. For this purpose we developed a mobile app, made it available to a large number of users through the Android Market, and conducted an uncontrolled user study in the wild during the soccer world cup 2010. The results of the study indicate that TV viewers who used the app had more fun and felt more connected to other viewers. We also show that by monitoring this channel it is possible to collect sentiments relevant to the broadcasted content in real-time. The collected data exemplify that the aggregated sentiments correspond to important moments, and hence can be used to generate a summary of the event.	Real-time nonverbal opinion sharing through mobile phones during sports events	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Geerts:Ishan Vaishnavi:Rufael Mekuria:Oskar van Deventer:Pablo Cesar	Synchronization between locations is an important factor for enabling remote shared experiences. Still, experimental data on what is the acceptable synchronization level is scarce. This paper discusses the synchronization requirements for watching online videos together - a popular set of services that recreate the shared experience of watching TV together by offering tools to communicate while watching. It studies the noticeability and annoyance of synchronization differences of the video being watched, as well as the impact on users' feelings of togetherness, both for voice chat and text chat. Results of an experiment with 36 participants show that when using voice chat, users notice synchronization differences sooner, are more annoyed and feel more together than when using text chat. However, users with high text chat activity notice synchronization differences similar to participants using voice chat.	Are we in sync?: synchronization requirements for watching online video together.	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Elizabeth Gerber	NA	Session details: Health 2: persuasive systems	NA	2018
Julie Maitland:Matthew Chalmers	The problems of obesity and overweight are commonly cited as the motivation behind recent efforts to develop technology that promotes physical activity. Prompted by the social nature of many of the emerging applications, this paper presents our investigation of the sociality of weight management as experienced by a broad demographic of individuals. Our findings highlight the broad scope of peer involvement, and provide insight into the context and mechanics of related interaction that may prove valuable in informing the next generation of peer-based weight management technology for use in everyday life.	Designing for peer involvement in weight management	NA:NA	2018
Min Kyung Lee:Sara Kiesler:Jodi Forlizzi	Influence through information and feedback has been one of the main approaches of persuasive technology. We propose another approach based on behavioral economics research on decision-making. This approach involves designing the presentation and timing of choices to encourage people to make self-beneficial decisions. We applied three behavioral economics persuasion techniques - the default option strategy, the planning strategy, and the asymmetric choice strategy - to promote healthy snacking in the workplace. We tested the strategies in three experimental case studies using a human snack deliverer, a robot, and a snack ordering website. The default and the planning strategies were effective, but they worked differently depending on whether the participants had healthy dietary lifestyles or not. We discuss designs for persuasive technologies that apply behavioral economics.	Mining behavioral economics to design persuasive technology for healthy choices	NA:NA:NA	2018
Maurits Kaptein:Steven Duplinsky:Panos Markopoulos	Large differences in individual responses to persuasive strategies suggest the need for systems that rely on persuasion profiles: estimates of an individual user's susceptibility to different persuasive strategies. Establishing an empirical ground supporting decisions regarding user involvement can provide valuable guidelines for the design of such systems. We describe two studies examining the effects of choice, disclosure, and multiple strategy usage on user compliance to persuasive attempts. We show that involving users in the selection of a specific influence strategy can increase compliance, while disclosing the persuasive intent can reduce compliance. Furthermore, we demonstrate that it is not only feasible, but optimal to choose the single correct influence strategy for a given context; even more so than implementing multiple relevant and congruent influence attempts.	Means based adaptive persuasive systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Victoria Schwanda:Steven Ibara:Lindsay Reynolds:Dan Cosley	This paper argues for evaluating the impact of persuasive systems on users beyond metrics that focus on system usage, based on an interview study of 16 Wii Fit users. While exploring their experiences and reasons for abandoning the system, two main themes emerged: the tension between Wii Fit as a fitness tool and a game, and ways participants reacted to the system's feedback about their weight and performance. Some participants used Wii Fit as a "gateway fitness" tool, moving beyond it to other fitness routines. Additionally, some users had significant emotional reactions to the Wii Fitts feedback. We argue that these 'side effects' are crucial considerations for the design and long-term evaluation of persuasive technologies.	Side effects and "gateway" tools: advocating a broader look at evaluating persuasive systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christina Schwind:Jürgen Buder:Friedrich W. Hesse	Recommender systems have their origin in e-commerce. In this domain the users are meant to like the recommended information. This preference-consistency is not adequate or even desirable for all domains where recommender systems are implemented. One key issue for opinion formation and informed decision making is to be aware of more than one's own perspective. However, information search is often biased, because confirming information is favored over opposing information. Therefore it would be useful to recommend information that is inconsistent to users' prior perspective to help overcome this bias. The present paper deals with an online experiment aimed at investigating the effects of preference-consistent compared to preference-inconsistent recommendations on information selection and evaluation. Results showed a significant reduction of confirmation bias in the condition with preference-inconsistent recommendations. However, participants prefer preference-consistent recommendations in terms of global, cognitive and affective evaluations. We discuss the impact of these findings for application.	I will do it, but i don't like it: user reactions to preference-inconsistent recommendations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Regan Mandryk	NA	Session details: Brain & bio-sensor interactions	NA	2018
Kenton O'Hara:Abigail Sellen:Richard Harper	With emerging opportunities for using Brain-Computer Interaction (BCI) in gaming applications, there is a need to understand the opportunities and constraints of this interaction paradigm. To complement existing laboratory-based studies, there is also a call for the study of BCI in real world contexts. In this paper we present such a real world study of a simple BCI game called MindFlex®, played as a social activity in the home. In particular, drawing on the philosophical traditions of embodied interaction, we highlight the importance of considering the body in BCI and not simply what is going on in the head. The study shows how people use bodily actions to facilitate control of brain activity but also to make their actions and intentions visible to, and interpretable by, others playing and watching the game. It is the public availability of these bodily actions during BCI that allows action to be socially organised, understood and coordinated with others and through which social relationships can be played out. We discuss the implications of this perspective and findings for BCI.	Embodiment in brain-computer interaction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Matthew K.X.J. Pan:Jih-Shiang Chang:Gokhan H. Himmetoglu:AJung Moon:Thomas W. Hazelton:Karon E. MacLean:Elizabeth A. Croft	This work explores a novel interaction paradigm driven by implicit, low-attention user control, accomplished by monitoring a user's physiological state. We have designed and prototyped this interaction for a first use case of bookmarking an audio stream, to holistically explore the implicit interaction concept. Here, a user's galvanic skin conductance (GSR) is monitored for orienting responses (ORs) to external interruptions; our prototype automatically bookmarks the media such that the user can attend to the interruption, then resume listening from the point he/she is interrupted. To test this approach's viability, we addressed questions such as: does GSR exhibit a detectable response to interruptions, and how should the interaction utilize this information? In evaluating this system in a controlled environment, we found an OR detection accuracy of 84%; users provided subjective feedback on its accuracy and utility.	Now where was I?: physiologically-triggered bookmarking	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leanne M. Hirshfield:Rebecca Gulotta:Stuart Hirshfield:Sam Hincks:Matthew Russell:Rachel Ward:Tom Williams:Robert Jacob	This project represents a first step towards bridging the gap between HCI and cognition research. Using functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS), we introduce tech-niques to non-invasively measure a range of cognitive workload states that have implications to HCI research, most directly usability testing. We present a set of usability experiments that illustrates how fNIRS brain measurement provides information about the cognitive demands placed on computer users by different interface designs.	This is your brain on interfaces: enhancing usability testing with functional near-infrared spectroscopy	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Erin Treacy Solovey:Francine Lalooses:Krysta Chauncey:Douglas Weaver:Margarita Parasi:Matthias Scheutz:Angelo Sassaroli:Sergio Fantini:Paul Schermerhorn:Audrey Girouard:Robert J.K. Jacob	Multitasking has become an integral part of work environments, even though people are not well-equipped cognitively to handle numerous concurrent tasks effectively. Systems that support such multitasking may produce better performance and less frustration. However, without understanding the user's internal processes, it is difficult to determine optimal strategies for adapting interfaces, since all multitasking activity is not identical. We describe two experiments leading toward a system that detects cognitive multitasking processes and uses this information as input to an adaptive interface. Using functional near-infrared spectroscopy sensors, we differentiate four cognitive multitasking processes. These states cannot readily be distinguished using behavioral measures such as response time, accuracy, keystrokes or screen contents. We then present our human-robot system as a proof-of-concept that uses real-time cognitive state information as input and adapts in response. This prototype system serves as a platform to study interfaces that enable better task switching, interruption management, and multitasking.	Sensing cognitive multitasking for a brain-based adaptive user interface	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Steven Feiner	NA	Session details: Gestures	NA	2018
Sangwon Choi:Jaehyun Han:Geehyuk Lee:Narae Lee:Woohun Lee	We explored the possibility of touch-screen-like interaction with a remote control in the TV-viewing environment. A shadow representing the user's thumb touches the screen, presses a button, flicks a cover-flow list, and draws a simple stroke, while the thumb stays and moves on and above the touchpad. In order to implement the concept we developed an optical touchpad for tracking the thumb hovering over its surface, and designed a TV application to demonstrate possible new interaction styles. Throughout two iterations of prototyping, we corrected some of our false expectations, and also verified its potential as a viable option for a TV remote control. This paper presents technical issues and requirements for the hover-tracking touchpad and a complete report of our user studies to explore touch-screen-like interaction for the TV.	RemoteTouch: touch-screen-like interaction in the tv viewing environment	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Bragdon:Eugene Nelson:Yang Li:Ken Hinckley	Direct-touch interaction on mobile phones revolves around screens that compete for visual attention with users' real-world tasks and activities. This paper investigates the impact of these situational impairments on touch-screen interaction. We probe several design factors for touch-screen gestures, under various levels of environmental demands on attention, in comparison to the status-quo approach of soft buttons. We find that in the presence of environmental distractions, gestures can offer significant performance gains and reduced attentional load, while performing as well as soft buttons when the user's attention is focused on the phone. In fact, the speed and accuracy of bezel gestures did not appear to be significantly affected by environment, and some gestures could be articulated eyes-free, with one hand. Bezel-initiated gestures offered the fastest performance, and mark-based gestures were the most accurate. Bezel-initiated marks therefore may offer a promising approach for mobile touch-screen interaction that is less demanding of the user's attention.	Experimental analysis of touch-screen gesture designs in mobile environments	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shaun K. Kane:Jacob O. Wobbrock:Richard E. Ladner	Despite growing awareness of the accessibility issues surrounding touch screen use by blind people, designers still face challenges when creating accessible touch screen interfaces. One major stumbling block is a lack of understanding about how blind people actually use touch screens. We conducted two user studies that compared how blind people and sighted people use touch screen gestures. First, we conducted a gesture elicitation study in which 10 blind and 10 sighted people invented gestures to perform common computing tasks on a tablet PC. We found that blind people have different gesture preferences than sighted people, including preferences for edge-based gestures and gestures that involve tapping virtual keys on a keyboard. Second, we conducted a performance study in which the same participants performed a set of reference gestures. We found significant differences in the speed, size, and shape of gestures performed by blind people versus those performed by sighted people. Our results suggest new design guidelines for accessible touch screen interfaces.	Usable gestures for blind people: understanding preference and performance	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jofish Kaye	NA	Session details: Designing for values, democracy & peace	NA	2018
Stephen Purpura:Victoria Schwanda:Kaiton Williams:William Stubler:Phoebe Sengers	This is a critical design paper offering a possible scenario of use intended to provoke reflection about values and politics of design in persuasive computing. We describe the design of a system - Fit4Life - that encourages individuals to address the larger goal of reducing obesity in society by promoting individual healthy behaviors. Using the Persuasive Systems Design Model [26], this paper outlines the Fit4Life persuasion context, the technology, its use of persuasive messages, and an experimental design to test the system's efficacy. We also contribute a novel discussion of the ethical and sociocultural considerations involved in our design, an issue that has remained largely unaddressed in the existing persuasive technologies literature [29].	Fit4life: the design of a persuasive technology promoting healthy behavior and ideal weight	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yannick Assogba:Irene Ros:Joan DiMicco:Matt McKeon	US federal legislation is a common subject of discussion and advocacy on the web, inspired by the open government movement. While the contents of these bills are freely available for download, understanding them is a significant challenge to experts and average citizens alike due to their length, complex language, and obscure topics. To make these important documents more accessible to the general public, we present Many Bills (http://manybills.us): a web-based set of visualization tools that reveals the underlying semantics of a bill. Using machine learning techniques, we classify each bill's sections based on existing document-level categories. We then visualize the resulting topic substructure of these bills. These visualizations provide an overview-and-detail view of bills, enabling users to read individual sections of a bill and compare topic patterns across multiple bills. Through an overview of the site's user activity and interviews with active users, this paper highlights how Many Bills makes the tasks of reading bills, identifying outlier sections in bills, and understanding congressperson's legislative activity more manageable.	Many bills: engaging citizens through visualizations of congressional legislation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Juan Pablo Hourcade:Natasha E. Bullock-Rest	Peace is an important value for the human-computer interaction research community, yet it has not resulted in the development of a research sub-community or even a research agenda. In this paper we seek to address this void by first motivating the need for computing research on promoting peace and preventing war. We then review evidence on the factors that affect the likelihood that armed conflict will occur, as well as the aspects involved when individuals make moral decisions on whether or not to support a war. Based on this review, we propose a research agenda, citing research examples from the human-computer interaction literature and discussing new ideas.	HCI for peace: a call for constructive action	NA:NA	2018
Lahiru G. Jayatilaka:Luca F. Bertuccelli:James Staszewski:Krzysztof Z. Gajos	Unexploded landmines have severe post-conflict humanitarian repercussions: landmines cost lives, limbs and land. For deminers engaged in humanitarian landmine clearance, metal detectors remain the primary detection tool as more sophisticated technologies fail to get adopted due to restrictive cost, low reliability, and limited robustness. Metal detectors are, however, of limited effectiveness, as modern landmines contain only minimal amounts of metal, making them difficult to distinguish from the ubiquitous but harmless metallic clutter littering post-combat areas. We seek to improve the safety and efficiency of the demining process by developing support tools that will enable deminers to make better decisions using feedback from existing metal detectors. To this end, in this paper we propose and evaluate a novel, pattern-based visual support approach inspired by the documented strategies employed by expert deminers. In our laboratory study, participants provided with a prototype of our support tool were 80% less likely to mistake a mine for harmless clutter. A follow-up study demonstrates the potential of our pattern-based approach to enable peer decision-making support during landmine clearance. Lastly, we identify several design opportunities for further improving deminers' decision making capabilities.	Evaluating a pattern-based visual support approach for humanitarian landmine clearance	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dario Salvucci	NA	Session details: Driving	NA	2018
Shamsi T. Iqbal:Eric Horvitz:Yun-Cheng Ju:Ella Mathews	Conversing on cell phones while driving is a risky, yet commonplace activity. State legislatures in the U.S. have enacted rules that limit hand-held phone conversations while driving but that allow for hands-free conversations. However, studies have demonstrated that the cognitive load of conversation is a significant source of distraction that increases the likelihood of accidents. We explore in a controlled study with a driving simulator the effectiveness of proactive alerting and mediation of communications during phone conversations while driving. We study the use of auditory messages indicating upcoming critical road conditions and placing calls on hold. We found that such actions reduce driving errors and that alerts sharing details about situations were more effective than general alerts. Drivers found such a system valuable in most situations for maintaining driving safety. These results provide evidence that context-sensitive mediation systems could play a valuable role in focusing drivers' attention on the road during phone conversations.	Hang on a sec!: effects of proactive mediation of phone conversations while driving	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Duncan P. Brumby:Samantha C.E. Davies:Christian P. Janssen:Justin J. Grace	In-car devices that use audio output have been shown to be less distracting than traditional graphical user interfaces, but can be cumbersome and slow to use. In this paper, we report an experiment that demonstrates how these performance characteristics impact whether people will elect to use an audio interface in a multitasking situation. While steering a simulated vehicle, participants had to locate a source of information in a short passage of text. The text was presented either on a visual interface, or using a text-to-speech audio interface. The relative importance of each task was varied. A no-choice/choice paradigm was used in which participants first gained experience with each of the two interfaces, before being given a choice on which interface to use on later trials. The characteristics of the interaction with the interfaces, as measured in the no-choice phase, and the relative importance of each task, had an impact on which output modality was chosen in the choice phase. Participants that prioritized the secondary task tended to select the (faster yet more distracting) visual interface over the audio interface, and as a result had poorer lane keeping performance. This work demonstrates how a user's task objective will influence modality choices with multimodal devices in multitask environments.	Fast or safe?: how performance objectives determine modality output choices while interacting on the move	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tanja Döring:Dagmar Kern:Paul Marshall:Max Pfeiffer:Johannes Schöning:Volker Gruhn:Albrecht Schmidt	Cars offer an increasing number of infotainment systems as well as comfort functions that can be controlled by the driver. In our research, we investigate new interaction techniques that aim to make it easier to interact with these systems while driving. We suggest utilizing the steering wheel as an additional interaction surface. In this paper, we present two user studies conducted with a working prototype of a multi-touch steering wheel. In the first, we developed a user-defined steering wheel gesture set, and in the second, we applied the identified gestures and compared their application to conventional user interaction with infotainment systems in terms of driver distraction. The main outcome was that driver's visual demand is reduced significantly by using gestural interaction on the multi-touch steering wheel.	Gestural interaction on the steering wheel: reducing the visual demand	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
SeungJun Kim:Anind K. Dey:Joonhwan Lee:Jodi Forlizzi	The elder population is rising worldwide; in the US, no longer being able to drive is a significant marker of loss of independence. One of the approaches to helping elders drive more safely is to investigate the use of automotive user interface technology, and specifically, to explore the instrument panel (IP) display design to help attract and manage attention and make information easier to interpret. In this paper, we explore the premise that dashboard displays can be better designed to support elder drivers, their information needs, and their cognitive capabilities. We conducted a study to understand which display design features are critically linked to issues of divided attention and driving performance. We found that contrast of size and reduced clutter are instrumental in enhancing driving performance, particularly for the elder population. Surprisingly, our results showed that color elements have a negative effect on driving performance for elders, while color elements and fills slightly improve performance. We conclude with design implications generated from this work.	Usability of car dashboard displays for elder drivers	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wendy Ju	NA	Session details: Meetings & interaction spaces	NA	2018
Thomas Erickson:N. Sadat Shami:Wendy A. Kellogg:David W. Levine	This paper presents the first in-depth evaluation of a large multi-format virtual conference. The conference took place in an avatar-based 3D virtual world with spatialized audio, and had keynote, poster and social sessions. We studied it by drawing on logs, a survey and interviews with 30 participants. We develop a model - Coalescence, Focused Interaction, Remixing (CoFIRe) -- of large synchronous interactions, and use it to discuss how the technology supported, or failed to support, the interactions that are the raison d'etre of conferences. We conclude by discussing the prospects for such large virtual gatherings.	Synchronous interaction among hundreds: an evaluation of a conference in an avatar-based virtual environment	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sasa Junuzovic:Kori Inkpen:Rajesh Hegde:Zhengyou Zhang:John Tang:Christopher Brooks	People sometimes miss small parts of meetings and need to quickly catch up without disrupting the rest of the meeting. We developed an Accelerated Instant Replay (AIR) Conferencing system for videoconferencing that enables users to catch up on missed content while the meeting is ongoing. AIR can replay parts of the conference using four different modalities: audio, video, conversation transcript, and shared workspace. We performed two studies to evaluate the system. The first study explored the benefit of AIR catch-up during a live meeting. The results showed that when the full videoconference was reviewed (i.e., all four modalities) at an accelerated rate, users were able to correctly recall a similar amount of information as when listening live. To better understand the benefit of full review, a follow-up study more closely examined the benefits of each of the individual modalities. The results show that users (a) preferred using audio along with any other modality to using audio alone, (b) were most confident and performed best when audio was reviewed with all other modalities, (c) compared to audio-only, had better recall of facts and explanations when reviewing audio together with the shared workspace and transcript modalities, respectively, and (d) performed similarly with audio-only and audio with video review.	What did i miss?: in-meeting review using multimodal accelerated instant replay (air) conferencing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Amy Voida	NA	Session details: Art, music & movement	NA	2018
Yinsheng Zhou:Graham Percival:Xinxi Wang:Ye Wang:Shengdong Zhao	Composition, listening, and performance are essential activities in classroom music education, yet conventional music classes impose unnecessary limitations on students' ability to develop these skills. Based on in-depth fieldwork and a user-centered design approach, we created MOGCLASS, a multimodal collaborative music environment that enhances students' musical experience and improves teachers' management of the classroom. We conducted a two-round system evaluation to improve the prototype and evaluate the system: Improvements were made based on the results from an iterative design evaluation, in which a trial system was implemented. The system then underwent a second round of evaluation through a three-week between-subject controlled experiment in a local primary school. Results showed that MOGCLASS is effective in motivating students to learn music, improving the way they collaborate with other students as well as helping teachers manage the classroom.	MOGCLASS: evaluation of a collaborative system of mobile devices for classroom music education of young children	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Janet van der Linden:Rose Johnson:Jon Bird:Yvonne Rogers:Erwin Schoonderwaldt	Vibrotactile feedback offers much potential for facilitating and accelerating how people learn sensory-motor skills that typically take hundreds of hours to learn, such as learning to play a musical instrument, skiing or swimming. However, there is little evidence of this benefit materializing outside of research lab settings. We describe the findings of an in-the-wild study that explored how to integrate vibrotactile feedback into a real-world teaching setting. The focus of the study was on exploring how children of different ages, learning to play the violin, can use real-time vibrotactile feedback. Many of the findings were unexpected, showing how students and their teachers appropriated the technology in creative ways. We present some 'lessons learned' that are also applicable to other training settings, emphasizing the need to understand how vibrotactile feedback can switch between being foregrounded and backgrounded depending on the demands of the task, the teacher's role in making it work and when feedback is most relevant and useful. Finally, we discuss how vibrotactile feedback can provide a new language for talking about the skill being learned that may also play an instrumental role in enhancing learning.	Buzzing to play: lessons learned from an in the wild study of real-time vibrotactile feedback	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Emi Tamaki:Takashi Miyaki:Jun Rekimoto	If a device can control human hands, the device can be useful for HCI and tangible application's output. To aid the controlling of finger movement, we present PossessedHand, a device with a forearm belt that can inform when and which fingers should be moved. PossessedHand controls the user's fingers by applying electrical stimulus to the muscles around the forearm. Each muscle is stimulated via 28 electrode pads. Muscles at different depths in the forearm can be selected for simulation by varying the stimulation level. PossessedHand can automatically calibrate the system for individuals. The automatic calibration system estimates relations between each electrode pad, stimulation level and muscle movement. Experiments show that PossessedHand can control the motion of 16 joints in the hand. Further, we also discuss an application based on this device to aid in playing a musical instrument.	PossessedHand: techniques for controlling human hands using electrical muscles stimuli	NA:NA:NA	2018
Marc McLoughlin:Luigina Ciolfi	This paper presents an empirical approach to designing and deploying technologies to support visitor activities in exhibition spaces. Specifically, we focus on the concept of "assembly" and how it was extended and applied to develop an interactive installation for an open-air museum. We argue that this approach to designing for a meaningful visitor experience is particularly suited to open-air visit scenarios; we describe how we have extended the approach and applied it, detailing the resulting multi-device installation that was deployed on site, and presenting some reflections on the usefulness of the assembly concept.	Design interventions for open-air museums: applying and extending the principles of 'assembly'	NA:NA	2018
Megan K. Halpern:Jakob Tholander:Max Evjen:Stuart Davis:Andrew Ehrlich:Kyle Schustak:Eric P.S. Baumer:Geri Gay	In this paper we describe MoBoogie, an application that allows users to manipulate and arrange music through movement. MoBoogie is designed to foster experiences in creative expression for children and potentially adults. The application responds to users' movements by changing variables in a continuous stream of music loops. Results from this study suggest that the creative expressions arose in the joint space of movement and music, and did not primarily have to be in one form or the other. This allowed users with limited experience in dance and music making to be creative in such forms of expression.	MoBoogie: creative expression through whole body musical interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniela Busse	NA	Session details: Facebook	NA	2018
Fatih Kursat Ozenc:Shelly D. Farnham	Current social media products such as Facebook and Twitter have not sufficiently addressed how to help users organize people and content streams across different areas of their lives. We conducted a qualitative design research study to explore how we might best leverage natural models of social organization to improve experiences of social media. We found that participants organize their social worlds based on life 'modes', i.e., family, work and social. They strategically use communication technologies to manage intimacy levels within these modes, and levels of permeability through the boundaries between these modes. Mobile communication in particular enabled participants to aggregate and share content dynamically across life modes. While exploring problems with managing their social media streams, people showed a strong need for focused sharing - the ability to share content only with appropriate audiences within certain areas of life.	Life "modes" in social media	NA:NA	2018
Moira Burke:Robert Kraut:Cameron Marlow	Though social network site use is often treated as a monolithic activity, in which all time is equally social and its impact the same for all users, we examine how Facebook affects social capital depending upon: (1) types of site activities, contrasting one-on-one communication, broadcasts to wider audiences, and passive consumption of social news, and (2) individual differences among users, including social communication skill and self-esteem. Longitudinal surveys matched to server logs from 415 Facebook users reveal that receiving messages from friends is associated with increases in bridging social capital, but that other uses are not. However, using the site to passively consume news assists those with lower social fluency draw value from their connections. The results inform site designers seeking to increase social connectedness and the value of those connections.	Social capital on facebook: differentiating uses and users	NA:NA:NA	2018
Don Sim Jianqiang:Xiaojuan Ma:Shengdong Zhao:Jing Ting Khoo:Swee Ling Bay:Zhenhui Jiang	Volunteering is an important activity that brings great benefits to societies. However, encouraging volunteerism is difficult due to the altruistic nature of volunteer activities and the high resource demand in carrying them out. We have created a Facebook game called "Farmer's Tale" to attract and make it easier for people to volunteer. We evaluated people's acceptance to this novel idea and the results revealed great potential in such type of games.	Farmer's tale: a facebook game to promote volunteerism	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christian Yoder:Fred Stutzman	A number of studies have identified a robust relationship between the use of social network sites, particularly Facebook, and positive outcomes such as social capital. Social network site use is often measured as a function of use frequency, network size, and a range of subjective opinions about the value of the site. This research extends this understanding by exploring the relationship between the use of particular elements of the site and social capital. Our goal in this research is to identify where, in the interface, perceived social capital is most effectively produced and transmitted. We find that, as hypothesized, public, person-to-person communication is positively associated with perceived social capital. Through the use of a structural equation model, we are able to provide in-depth exploration of the relationship between the interface elements and the outcome, perceived social capital.	Identifying social capital in the facebook interface	NA:NA	2018
Julie Kientz	NA	Session details: Health 3: online communities & social interaction	NA	2018
Jennifer Mankoff:Kateryna Kuksenok:Sara Kiesler:Jennifer A. Rode:Kelly Waldman	People with chronic health problems use online resources to understand and manage their condition, but many such resources can present competing and confusing viewpoints. We surveyed and interviewed with people experiencing prolonged symptoms after a Lyme disease diagnosis. We explore how competing viewpoints in online content affect participants' understanding of their disease. Our results illustrate how chronically ill people search for information and support, and work to help others over time. Participant identity and beliefs about their illness evolved, and this led many to take on new roles, creating content and advising others who were sick. What we learned about online content creation suggests a need for designs that support this journey and engage with complex issues surrounding online health resources.	Competing online viewpoints and models of chronic illness	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hyang-Sook Kim:S. Shyam Sundar	Online health message boards have become popular, as users not only gain information from other users but also share their own experiences. However, as with most venues of user-generated content, there is need to constantly make quality evaluations as one sifts through enormous amounts of content. Can interface cues, conveying (1) pedigree of users posting content and (2) popularity of the posted content, help new users efficiently make credibility assessments? Furthermore, can the assignment of these same cues to their own posts serve to motivate content generation on their part? These questions were investigated in a 2-session between-subjects experiment (N = 99) with a prototype of a message-board that experimentally varied interface cues, and found that popularity indicators are more influential than pedigree indicators for both evaluation of existing content and contribution of new content. Findings also suggest theoretical mechanisms - involving such concepts as perceived authority, bandwagon effects, sense of agency and sense of community - by which cues affect user experience, providing rich implications for designing and deploying interface cues.	Using interface cues in online health community boards to change impressions and encourage user contribution	NA:NA	2018
Joshua Hailpern:Marina Danilevsky:Andrew Harris:Karrie Karahalios:Gary Dell:Julie Hengst	Individuals with aphasia, an acquired communication disorder, constantly struggle against a world that does not understand them. This lack of empathy and understanding negatively impacts their quality of life. While aphasic individuals may appear to have lost cognitive functioning, their impairment relates to receptive and expressive language, not to thinking processes. We introduce a novel system and model, Aphasia Characteristics Emulation Software (ACES), enabling users (e.g., caregivers, speech therapists and family) to experience, firsthand, the communication-distorting effects of aphasia. By allowing neurologically typical individuals to "walk in another's shoes," we aim to increase patience, awareness and understanding. ACES was grounded in the communication science and psychological literature, and informed by an initial pilot study. Results from an evaluation of 64 participants indicate that ACES provides a rich experience that increases understanding and empathy for aphasia.	ACES: promoting empathy towards aphasia through language distortion emulation software	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Roisin McNaney:Stephen Lindsay:Karim Ladha:Cassim Ladha:Guy Schofield:Thomas Ploetz:Nils Hammerla:Daniel Jackson:Richard Walker:Nick Miller:Patrick Olivier	We present the development of a socially acceptable cueing device for drooling in Parkinson's disease (PD). Sialorrhea, or drooling, is a significant problem associated with PD and has a strong negative emotional impact on those who experience it. Previous studies have shown the potential for managing drooling by using a cueing device. However, the devices used in these studies were deemed unacceptable by their users due to factors such as hearing impairment and social embarrassment. We conducted exploratory scoping work and high fidelity iterative prototyping with people with PD to get their input on the design of a cueing aid and this has given us an insight into challenges that confront users with PD and limit device usability and acceptability. The key finding from working with people with PD was the need for the device to be socially acceptable.	Cueing for drooling in Parkinson's disease	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chat Wacharamanotham:Jan Hurtmanns:Alexander Mertens:Martin Kronenbuerger:Christopher Schlick:Jan Borchers	Elderly users suffering from hand tremor have difficulties interacting with touchscreens because of finger oscillation. It has been previously observed that sliding one's finger across the screen may help reduce this oscillation. In this work, we empirically confirm this advantage by (1) measuring finger oscillation during different actions and (2) comparing error rate and user satisfaction between traditional tapping and swabbing in which the user slides his finger towards a target on a screen edge to select it. We found that oscillation is generally reduced during sliding. Also, compared to tapping, swabbing resulted in improved error rates and user satisfaction. We believe that swabbing will make touchscreens more accessible to senior users with tremor.	Evaluating swabbing: a touchscreen input method for elderly users with tremor	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alonso Vera	NA	Session details: Human-robot interaction	NA	2018
Bum chul Kwon:Waqas Javed:Niklas Elmqvist:Ji Soo Yi	Direct manipulation has had major influence on interface design since it was proposed by Shneiderman in 1982. Although directness generally benefits users, direct manipulation also has weaknesses. In some cases, such as when a user needs to manipulate small, attribute-rich objects or multiple objects simultaneously, indirect manipulation may be more efficient at the cost of directness or intuitiveness of the interaction. Several techniques have been developed over the years to address these issues, but these are all isolated and limited efforts with no coherent underlying principle. We propose the notion of Surrogate Interaction that ties together a large subset of these techniques through the use of a surrogate object that allow users to interact with the surrogate instead of the domain object. We believe that formalizing this family of interaction techniques will provide an additional and powerful interface design alternative for interaction designers, as well as uncover opportunities for future research.	Direct manipulation through surrogate objects	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wataru Yoshizaki:Yuta Sugiura:Albert C. Chiou:Sunao Hashimoto:Masahiko Inami:Takeo Igarashi:Yoshiaki Akazawa:Katsuaki Kawachi:Satoshi Kagami:Masaaki Mochimaru	We present an actuated handheld puppet system for controlling the posture of a virtual character. Physical puppet devices have been used in the past to intuitively control character posture. In our research, an actuator is added to each joint of such an input device to provide physical feedback to the user. This enhancement offers many benefits. First, the user can upload pre-defined postures to the device to save time. Second, the system is capable of dynamically adjusting joint stiffness to counteract gravity, while allowing control to be maintained with relatively little force. Third, the system supports natural human body behaviors, such as whole-body reaching and joint coupling. This paper describes the user interface and implementation of the proposed technique and reports the results of expert evaluation. We also conducted two user studies to evaluate the effectiveness of our method.	An actuated physical puppet as an input device for controlling a digital manikin	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kexi Liu:Daisuke Sakamoto:Masahiko Inami:Takeo Igarashi	As various home robots come into homes, the need for efficient robot task management tools is arising. Current tools are designed for controlling individual robots independently, so they are not ideally suitable for assigning coordinated action among multiple robots. To address this problem, we developed a management tool for home robots with a graphical editing interface. The user assigns instructions by selecting a tool from a toolbox and sketching on a bird's-eye view of the environment. Layering supports the management of multiple tasks in the same room. Layered graphical representation gives a quick overview of and access to rich information tied to the physical environment. This paper describes the prototype system and reports on our evaluation of the system.	Roboshop: multi-layered sketching interface for robot housework assignment and management	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jennifer Thom-Santelli	NA	Session details: Tagging	NA	2018
Lena Mamykina:Andrew D. Miller:Catherine Grevet:Yevgeniy Medynskiy:Michael A. Terry:Elizabeth D. Mynatt:Patricia R. Davidson	Collaborative tagging mechanisms are integral to social computing applications in a variety of domains. Their expected benefits include simplified retrieval of digital content, as well as enhanced ability of a community to makes sense of the shared content. We examine the impact of collaborative tagging in context of nutrition management. In a controlled experiment we asked individuals to assess the nutritional value of meals based on photographic images and observed the impact of different types of tags and tagging mechanisms on individuals nutritional sensemaking. The results of the study show that tags enhance individuals' ability to remember the viewed meals. However, we found that some types of tags can be detrimental to sensemaking, rather than supporting it. These findings stress the importance of tagging vocabularies and suggest a need for expert moderation of community sensemaking.	Examining the impact of collaborative tagging on sensemaking in nutrition management	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alex Kuhn:Clara Cahill:Chris Quintana:Shannon Schmoll	Nomadic inquiry may benefit from tagging when used for educational purposes to support reflection and annotation during data collection. To that end we created Zydeco, a mobile system to scaffold learners through the science inquiry process in and out of the classroom, and tested it in a museum with 42 middle school students. Students report that tags encouraged reflection and annotation during data collection, suggesting that tagging can be used to support nomadic inquiry. From this work we present some emerging design recommendations for constructing similar systems.	Using tags to encourage reflection and annotation on data during nomadic inquiry	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yong-Mi Kim:Soo Young Rieh	This study investigates user ideas about the role and value of tags in social media. An analysis of 45 interviews with heavy Web users reveals that user perceptions of tags differ from common assumptions held by researchers and designers of social tagging systems. Among beliefs held by participants were that tags were query suggestions or links to other pages, sites, or advertisements - although most identified tags as categories or keywords - and that tags were generated automatically by the computer system. Several participants believed that tags were intended for not only other users but also systems such as search engines. Our findings indicate that Web users, including those who are taggers themselves, experience a high level of uncertainty and confusion about the nature, purpose and value of tags.	User perceptions of the role and value of tags	NA:NA	2018
Michael Muller	NA	Session details: HCI for all	NA	2018
Shaowen Bardzell:Jeffrey Bardzell	With substantial efforts in ubiquitous computing, ICT4D, and sustainable interaction design, among others, HCI is increasingly engaging with matters of social change that go beyond the immediate qualities of interaction. In doing so, HCI takes on scientific and moral concerns. This paper explores the potential for feminist social science to contribute to and potentially benefit from HCI's rising interest in social change. It describes how feminist contributions to debates in the philosophy of science have helped clarify relationships among objectivity, values, data collection and interpretation, and social consequences. Feminists have proposed and implemented strategies to pursue scientific and moral agendas together and with equal rigor. In this paper, we assess the epistemologies, methodologies, and methods of feminist social science relative to prior and ongoing research efforts in HCI. We conclude by proposing an outline of a feminist HCI methodology.	Towards a feminist HCI methodology: social science, feminism, and HCI	NA:NA	2018
Alex S. Taylor	"Out there" is increasingly becoming a topic of concern in HCI. Thanks to various clarion calls, researchers in the field are turning their attention to technology-mediated activities that are shaped less by Euro-American sensibilities and defined more by how they are culturally and geographically distinct. Fieldwork and ethnography researchers, for instance, are beginning to investigate ICT use at religious and spiritual sites, by the socially excluded and disenfranchised, and by people in developing regions. In this paper, I concentrate on the latter focus on development to reflect on HCI's disciplinary turn "out there". Specifically, I take the following three themes as common rhetorical devices in such work: (i) the network, (ii) difference and (iii) complexity. Through examples, I discuss how each of these themes has been mobilised. I then use materials from anthropology, science and technology studies, and to a lesser extent geography and postcolonial studies to complicate and in some cases question the interpretative frames that are being applied. Thus, my hope is that this paper is seen as a thought piece that deepens our thinking around HCI's efforts to look "out there" by paying critical attention to what is going on "in here".	Out there	NA	2018
Gopinaath Kannabiran:Jeffrey Bardzell:Shaowen Bardzell	The topic of sexuality has been increasingly researched inside the field of HCI. At the same time, and for many reasons, research gaps remain. In this paper, we present a critical analysis of 70 works on this topic spanning the past two decades to understand how we as an academic field talk about sexuality. We use Foucauldian discourse analysis to identify and analyze the various rules of knowledge production on this topic inside our field. By doing so, we expose not only existing gaps in current research literature, but we also gain an understanding of why some of them exist. We suggest some opportunities to make the field more amenable to this kind of research and point out future research directions on sexuality inside the field of HCI.	How HCI talks about sexuality: discursive strategies, blind spots, and opportunities for future research	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kristen Shinohara:Jacob O. Wobbrock	Few research studies focus on how the use of assistive technologies is affected by social interaction among people. We present an interview study of 20 individuals to determine how assistive technology use is affected by social and professional contexts and interactions. We found that specific assistive devices sometimes marked their users as having disabilities; that functional access took priority over feeling self-conscious when using assistive technologies; and that two misperceptions pervaded assistive technology use: (1) that assistive devices could functionally eliminate a disability, and (2) that people with disabilities would be helpless without their devices. Our findings provide further evidence that accessibility should be built into mainstream technologies. When this is not feasible, assistive devices should incorporate cutting edge technologies and strive to be designed for social acceptability, a new design approach we propose here.	In the shadow of misperception: assistive technology use and social interactions	NA:NA	2018
Darren Gergle	NA	Session details: Emotional states	NA	2018
Clayton Epp:Michael Lippold:Regan L. Mandryk	The ability to recognize emotions is an important part of building intelligent computers. Emotionally-aware systems would have a rich context from which to make appropriate decisions about how to interact with the user or adapt their system response. There are two main problems with current system approaches for identifying emotions that limit their applicability: they can be invasive and can require costly equipment. Our solution is to determine user emotion by analyzing the rhythm of their typing patterns on a standard keyboard. We conducted a field study where we collected participants' keystrokes and their emotional states via self-reports. From this data, we extracted keystroke features, and created classifiers for 15 emotional states. Our top results include 2-level classifiers for confidence, hesitance, nervousness, relaxation, sadness, and tiredness with accuracies ranging from 77 to 88%. In addition, we show promise for anger and excitement, with accuracies of 84%.	Identifying emotional states using keystroke dynamics	NA:NA:NA	2018
John P. Pollak:Phil Adams:Geri Gay	The assessment of emotion, or affect, is critical for anyone trying to understand human behavior. But there is a problem: affect as a state is frequently changing and difficult to recall and express, yet in research, we typically only assess it via a single questionnaire at the end of a study. This work presents PAM, the Photographic Affect Meter, a novel tool for measuring affect in which users select from a wide variety of photos the one which best suits their current mood. Our findings indicate that PAM-which takes seconds to complete and is designed to run on modern mobile phones and mobile computing devices-demonstrates strong construct validity across two studies and is very well suited for frequent sampling in context. This work provides a tool to researchers in need of frequent assessment of affect and guidance to others interested in developing similar measurement tools.	PAM: a photographic affect meter for frequent, in situ measurement of affect	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sheena Lewis:Mira Dontcheva:Elizabeth Gerber	While studies have shown that affect influences creativity, few investigate how affect influences creative performance with creativity support tools. Drawing from methods commonly used in psychology research, we present affective computational priming, a new method for manipulating affect using digitally embedded stimuli. We present two studies that explore computational techniques for inducing positive, neutral, and negative affect and examine their impact on idea generation with creativity support tools. Our results suggest that positive affective computational priming positively influences the quality of ideas generated. We discuss opportunities for future HCI research and offer practical applications of affective computational priming.	Affective computational priming and creativity	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jamie Guillory:Jason Spiegel:Molly Drislane:Benjamin Weiss:Walter Donner:Jeffrey Hancock	The importance of emotion to group outcomes in FtF highlights the need to understand emotion contagion in distributed groups. The present study examines the transfer of negative emotion in online groups. Negative emotion was induced in one of three group members completing a task in CMC. The data suggest that emotion contagion took place at the group level, with partners experiencing more negative emotion, more disagreement, higher verbosity, and use of more complex language in induced groups compared to control groups. Induced groups also performed better on the group task, raising questions about the effects of negative emotion contagion in online groups.	Upset now?: emotion contagion in distributed groups	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Helen Harris:Clifford Nass	Driving is a challenging task because of the physical, attentional, and emotional demands. When drivers become frustrated by events their negative emotional state can escalate dangerously. This study examines behavioral and attitudinal effects of cognitively reframing frustrating events. Participants (N = 36) were asked to navigate a challenging driving course that included frustrating events such as long lights and being cut-off. Drivers were randomly assigned to three conditions. After encountering a frustrating event, drivers in a reappraisal-down condition heard voice prompts that reappraised the event in an effort to deflate negative reactions. Drivers in the second group, reappraisal-up, heard voice prompts that brought attention to the negative actions of vehicles and pedestrians. Drivers in a silent condition drove without hearing any voice prompts. Participants in the reappraisal-down condition had better driving behavior and reported less negative emotions than participants in the other conditions.	Emotion regulation for frustrating driving contexts	NA:NA	2018
Kori Inkpen	NA	Session details: Identity & virtual social interactions	NA	2018
Nick Yee:Nicolas Ducheneaut:Les Nelson:Peter Likarish	Personality inference can be used for dynamic personalization of content or system customization. In this study, we examined whether and how personality is expressed in Virtual Worlds (VWs). Survey data from 1,040 World of Warcraft players containing demographic and personality variables was paired with their VW behavioral metrics over a four-month period. Many behavioral cues in VWs were found to be related to personality. For example, Extraverts prefer group activities over solo activities. We also found that these behavioral indicators can be used to infer a player's personality.	Introverted elves & conscientious gnomes: the expression of personality in world of warcraft	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gifford Cheung:Jeff Huang	Video games are primarily designed for the players. However, video game spectating is also a popular activity, boosted by the rise of online video sites and major gaming tournaments. In this paper, we focus on the spectator, who is emerging as an important stakeholder in video games. Our study focuses on Starcraft, a popular real-time strategy game with millions of spectators and high level tournament play. We have collected over a hundred stories of the Starcraft spectator from online sources, aiming for as diverse a group as possible. We make three contributions using this data: i) we find nine personas in the data that tell us who the spectators are and why they spectate; ii) we strive to understand how different stakeholders, like commentators, players, crowds, and game designers, affect the spectator experience; and iii) we infer from the spectators' expressions what makes the game entertaining to watch, forming a theory of distinct types of information asymmetry that create suspense for the spectator. One design implication derived from these findings is that, rather than presenting as much information to the spectator as possible, it is more important for the stakeholders to be able to decide how and when they uncover that information.	Starcraft from the stands: understanding the game spectator	NA:NA	2018
Nick Yee:Nicolas Ducheneaut:Mike Yao:Les Nelson	Studies in the Proteus Effect have shown that users conform to stereotypes associated with their avatar's appearance. In this study, we used longitudinal behavioral data from 1,040 users in a virtual world to examine the behavioral outcome of conflicting gender cues between user and avatar. We found that virtual gender had a significant effect on in-game behaviors for both healing and player-vs-player activity.	Do men heal more when in drag?: conflicting identity cues between user and avatar	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Laura M. Pfeifer:Timothy Bickmore	Research on social responses to computers often assesses only first-impression reactions during a single experimental session, providing limited knowledge about the lasting effect of the results. In this work, we assess the lasting strength of social desirability bias effects on an interface designed to track exercise, manipulated to have high or low personalization (text vs. anthropomorphic conversational character). After 40 days of daily interactions by 25 participants, we found that self-reported exercise was more accurate when reported to the character vs. text. We also find that, for both conditions, participants' decision to initiate a session is greater when they have done more exercise. Moreover, we show that this effect significantly increases over time for participants in the character condition, and decreases for participants in the text condition. This study demonstrates that Media Equation effects can grow stronger or weaker over time, depending upon the presentation of the interface.	Is the media equation a flash in the pan?: the durability and longevity of social responses to computers	NA:NA	2018
Sampada Marathe:S. Shyam Sundar	Customization - an attribute that lets users take control and make changes to the presentation and functionality of the interface - is becoming a hallmark of today's interactive media devices. What do users experience when they change interface aspects like fonts and colors, skins on mobile phones, speed dial numbers, privacy settings on social networks and different command menus in software? Do they feel in control? Do they see the customized interface as a reflection of who they are? More importantly, is the feeling of being in control a major driver of usage, or does sense of identity - a personal connection with the interface - prove more vital? This paper discusses the psychology of customization, reports an empirical user study designed to explore the relationship between customization, sense of control, and sense of identity, and outlines implications for design of customizable interfaces based on the findings.	What drives customization?: control or identity?	NA:NA	2018
Steve Benford	NA	Session details: Gestures, body & touch	NA	2018
Gabe Cohn:Daniel Morris:Shwetak N. Patel:Desney S. Tan	Touch sensing and computer vision have made human-computer interaction possible in environments where keyboards, mice, or other handheld implements are not available or desirable. However, the high cost of instrumenting environments limits the ubiquity of these technologies, particularly in home scenarios where cost constraints dominate installation decisions. Fortunately, home environments frequently offer a signal that is unique to locations and objects within the home: electromagnetic noise. In this work, we use the body as a receiving antenna and leverage this noise for gestural interaction. We demonstrate that it is possible to robustly recognize touched locations on an uninstrumented home wall using no specialized sensors. We conduct a series of experiments to explore the capabilities that this new sensing modality may offer. Specifically, we show robust classification of gestures such as the position of discrete touches around light switches, the particular light switch being touched, which appliances are touched, differentiation between hands, as well as continuous proximity of hand to the switch, among others. We close by discussing opportunities, limitations, and future work.	Your noise is my command: sensing gestures using the body as an antenna	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ken Hinckley:Hyunyoung Song	We explore techniques for hand-held devices that leverage the multimodal combination of touch and motion. Hybrid touch + motion gestures exhibit interaction properties that combine the strengths of multi-touch with those of motion-sensing. This affords touch-enhanced motion gestures, such as one-handed zooming by holding one's thumb on the screen while tilting a device. We also consider the reverse perspective, that of motion-enhanced touch, which uses motion sensors to probe what happens underneath the surface of touch. Touching the screen induces secondary accelerations and angular velocities in the sensors. For example, our prototype uses motion sensors to distinguish gently swiping a finger on the screen from 'Sdrags with a hard onset' - to enable more expressive touch interactions.	Sensor synaesthesia: touch in motion, and motion in touch	NA:NA	2018
Christian Holz:Andrew Wilson	Speakers often use hand gestures when talking about or describing physical objects. Such gesture is particularly useful when the speaker is conveying distinctions of shape that are difficult to describe verbally. We present data miming---an approach to making sense of gestures as they are used to describe concrete physical objects. We first observe participants as they use gestures to describe real-world objects to another person. From these observations, we derive the data miming approach, which is based on a voxel representation of the space traced by the speaker's hands over the duration of the gesture. In a final proof-of-concept study, we demonstrate a prototype implementation of matching the input voxel representation to select among a database of known physical objects.	Data miming: inferring spatial object descriptions from human gesture	NA:NA	2018
Sukeshini A. Grandhi:Gina Joue:Irene Mittelberg	This paper explores how interaction with systems using touchless gestures can be made intuitive and natural. Analysis of 912 video clips of gesture production from a user study of 16 subjects communicating transitive actions (manipulation of objects with or without external tools) indicated that 1) dynamic pantomimic gestures where imagined tool/object is explicitly held are performed more intuitively and easily than gestures where a body part is used to represent the tool/object or compared to static hand poses and 2) gesturing while communicating the transitive action as how the user habitually performs the action (pantomimic action) is perceived to be easier and more natural than gesturing while communicating it as an instruction. These findings provide guidelines for the characteristics of gestures and user mental models one must consciously be concerned with when designing and implementing gesture vocabularies of touchless interaction.	Understanding naturalness and intuitiveness in gesture production: insights for touchless gestural interfaces	NA:NA:NA	2018
Cecil Lozano:Devin Jindrich:Kanav Kahol	HCI researchers and technologists have heralded multitouch interaction as the technology to drive computing systems into the future. However, as we move towards a world where interaction is based on human body movements that are not well documented or studied, we face a serious and a grave risk of creating technology and systems that may lead to musculoskeletal disorders (MSD's). Designers need to be empowered with objective data on the impact of multitouch interactions on the musculoskeletal system to make informed choices in interaction design. In this paper we present an experiment that documents kinematic (movement) and kinetic measures (EMG) when interacting with a multitouch tablet. Results show that multitouch interaction can induce significant stress that may lead to MSDs and care must be taken when designing multitouch interaction.	The impact on musculoskeletal system during multitouch tablet interactions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Emmanuel Pietriga	NA	Session details: Pointing 1	NA	2018
Stéphane Huot:Olivier Chapuis:Pierre Dragicevic	When pointing to a target on a computer desktop, we may think we are taking the shortest possible path. But new shortcuts become possible if we allow the mouse cursor to jump from one edge of the screen to the opposite one, i.e., if we turn the desktop into a torus. We discuss the design of TORUSDESKTOP, a pointing technique that allows to wrap the cursor around screen edges to open this pointing backdoor. A dead zone and an off-screen cursor feedback make the technique more usable and more compatible with everyday desktop usage. We report on three controlled experiments conducted to refine the design of the technique and evaluate its performance. The results suggest clear benefits of using the backdoor when target distance is more than 80% the screen size in our experimental conditions.	TorusDesktop: pointing via the backdoor is sometimes shorter	NA:NA:NA	2018
Khalad Hasan:Tovi Grossman:Pourang Irani	Numerous applications such as simulations, air traffic control systems, and video surveillance systems are inherently composed of spatial objects that move in a scene. In many instances, users can benefit from tools that allow them to select these targets in real-time, without having to pause the dynamic display. However, selecting moving objects is considerably more difficult and error prone than selecting stationary targets. In this paper, we evaluate the effectiveness of several techniques that assist in selecting moving targets. We present Comet, a technique that enhances targets based on their speed and direction. We also introduce Target Ghost, which allows users to select a static proxy of the target, while leaving the motion uninterrupted. We found a speed benefit for the Comet in a 1D selection task in comparison to other cursor and target enhancements. For 2D selection, Comet outperformed Bubble cursor but only when Target Ghost was not available. We conclude with guidelines for design.	Comet and target ghost: techniques for selecting moving targets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yizhong Xin:Xiaojun Bi:Xiangshi Ren	Research literature has shown that pen tilt is a promising input modality in pen-based interaction. However, the human capability to control pen tilt has not been fully evaluated. This paper systematically investigates the human ability to perform discrete target selection tasks by varying the stylus' tilt angle through two controlled experiments: pen tilt target acquiring (Experiment 1) and tilt pointing (Experiment 2). Results revealed a decreasing power relationship between angular width and selection time in Experiment 1. The results of Experiment 2 confirmed that pen tilt pointing can be modeled by Fitts' law. Based on our quantitative analysis, we discuss the human ability to control pen tilt and the implications of pen tilt use. We also propose a taxonomy of pen tilt based interaction techniques and showcase a series of possible pen tilt technique designs.	Acquiring and pointing: an empirical study of pen-tilt-based interaction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Philip Quinn:Andy Cockburn:Kari-Jouko Räihä:Jérôme Delamarche	Several enhanced pointing techniques aim to reduce the Fitts' law targeting distance by providing multiple target trajectories in the hope that a shorter path is available. However, these techniques introduce a search or decision component to pointing users must examine the alternatives available and decide upon the trajectory to use. We analyse these difficulties, present a methodology for examining them as well as other behaviour issues, and report empirical results of performance with pointer wrapping and Ninja cursors. Results show that offering multiple trajectories incurs a significant search or decision cost, and that users are therefore poor at capitalising on the theoretical benefits of reduced target distance.	On the costs of multiple trajectory pointing methods	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nic Hollinworth:Faustina Hwang	Older adult computer users often lose track of the mouse cursor and so resort to methods such as mouse shaking or searching the screen to find the cursor again. Hence, this paper describes how a standard optical mouse was modified to include a touch sensor, activated by releasing and touching the mouse, which automatically centers the mouse cursor to the screen, potentially making it easier to find a 'lost' cursor. Six older adult computer users and six younger computer users were asked to compare the touch sensitive mouse with cursor centering with two alternative techniques for locating the mouse cursor: manually shaking the mouse and using the Windows sonar facility. The time taken to click on a target following a distractor task was recorded, and results show that centering the mouse was the fastest to use, with a 35% improvement over shaking the mouse. Five out of six older participants ranked the touch sensitive mouse with cursor centering as the easiest to use.	Cursor relocation techniques to help older adults find 'lost' cursors	NA:NA	2018
Loren Terveen	NA	Session details: Ambient & peripheral computing	NA	2018
Madeline Balaam:Geraldine Fitzpatrick:Judith Good:Eric Harris	Nonverbal communication is an essential part of face-to-face social interaction, conveying information about emotion and interpersonal relationships. The rigorous sensing capabilities of pervasive technologies and the subtle nature of ambient technologies make them ideal to support the production of nonverbal communication in social interactions. In this paper we present a study using an ambient technology that supports nonverbal communication, and specifically nonverbal behaviours associated with rapport. We show that an ambient display can influence a participant's nonverbal behaviour, and that participants are not aware of this change in their behaviour. We discuss these findings in terms of the design and ethical issues that it raises, and define an agenda for future work.	Enhancing interactional synchrony with an ambient display	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
William R. Hazlewood:Erik Stolterman:Kay Connelly	In this paper we discus the complex task of evaluating ambient displays, concentrating on issues within in-situ deployments. We start by describing how these technologies have been evaluated in lab settings, where the focus has been primarily on issues of usability, and argue strongly for the necessity of in-situ evaluation. We then present two case studies involving in-situ evaluations, and from these derive issues that hindered the researchers from being able to delve more deeply into the overall impact of their implementations. We conclude with our own suggestions on possible alternatives to explore for evaluating ambient displays, which are based on the issues derived from our case studies.	Issues in evaluating ambient displays in the wild: two case studies	NA:NA:NA	2018
Alexander De Luca:Bernhard Frauendienst:Max-Emanuel Maurer:Julian Seifert:Doris Hausen:Niels Kammerer:Heinrich Hussmann	Internet users are targets for ever-advancing phishing- and other attacks. The risks are, for example, to disclose credit card information or passwords to unauthorized instances. One approach to help users with insecure situations is provided by MoodyBoard, which uses ambient information to highlight potential risks. In this paper, we present findings from an evaluation of this system. Two user studies were conducted in order to find out whether an ambient security tool can protect users during sensitive tasks. We designed a pilot study to find out whether users understand the warnings and a security study to see if it helps to protect users from phishing attacks. Results show that MoodyBoard users behaved significantly more secure.	Does MoodyBoard make internet use more secure?: evaluating an ambient security visualization tool	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shamsi T. Iqbal:Jonathan Grudin:Eric Horvitz	Despite the common use of mobile computing devices to communicate and access information, the effects of peripheral computing tasks on people's attention is not well understood. Studies that have identified consequences of multitasking in diverse domains have largely focused on influences on productivity. We have yet to understand perceptions and preferences regarding the use of computing devices for potentially extraneous tasks in settings such as presentations at seminars and colloquia. We explore costs and attitudes about the use of computing devices by people attending presentations. We find that audience members who use devices believe that they are missing content being presented and are concerned about social costs. Other attendees report being less offended by multitasking around them than the device users may realize.	Peripheral computing during presentations: perspectives on costs and preferences	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jacquelyn Martino	NA	Session details: Museums & public exhibitions	NA	2018
Priscilla Jimenez Pazmino:Leilah Lyons	New mobile device features and the growing proportion of visitors carrying mobiles allow the range of museum exhibit design possibilities to be expanded. In particular, we see opportunities for using mobiles to help exhibits scale up to support variable-sized groups of visitors, and to support collaborative visitor-visitor interactions. Because exhibit use is generally one-time-only, any interfaces created for these purposes must be easily learnable, or visitors may not use the exhibit at all. To guide the design of learnable mobile interfaces, we chose to employ the Consistency design principle. Consistency was originally applied to desktop UIs, so we extended the definition to cover three new categories of consistency relevant to ubiquitous computing: Within-Device Consistency, Across-Device Consistency and Within-Context Consistency. We experimentally contrasted designs created from these categories. The results show small differences in learnability, but illustrate that even for one-off situations learnability may not be as important as usability.	An exploratory study of input modalities for mobile devices used with museum exhibits	NA:NA	2018
David McDonald	NA	Session details: Everyday information management	NA	2018
Gilly Leshed:Phoebe Sengers	This paper examines the relationship between experiences of busyness in everyday life and the use of productivity tools, including planners, calendars and to-do lists. Field study findings demonstrate that American individuals across a demographic range have internalized a cultural emphasis of busyness as a moral value to construct positive identities as busy individuals. At the same time, they struggle with a sense of conflict around busyness, reflected in real-life experiences of clashing priorities, fantasies of downtime, and struggles with anxiety, guilt, and loss of control. Our findings also point to the ways digital and non-digital productivity tools are embedded in experiences and coping practices around busyness. Grounded in our observations we propose design principles for productivity tools that support users' identities as busy people but also address some of the perils of the American busyness ethic.	"I lie to myself that i have freedom in my own schedule": productivity tools and experiences of busyness	NA:NA	2018
Amy Voida:Ellie Harmon:Ban Al-Ani	Many people manage a complex assortment of digital information in their lives. Volunteer coordinators at nonprofit organizations are no exception; they collectively manage information about millions of volunteers every year. Yet current information management systems are insufficient for their needs. In this paper, we present results of a qualitative study of the information management practices of volunteer coordinators. We identify the resource constraints and the diverse and fluid information needs, stakeholders, and work contexts that motivate their information management strategies. We characterize the assemblages of information systems that volunteer coordinators have created to satisfice their needs as 'homebrew databases.' Finally, we identify additional information management challenges that result from the use of these 'homebrew databases,' highlighting deficiencies in the appropriateness and usability of databases and information management systems, more generally.	Homebrew databases: complexities of everyday information management in nonprofit organizations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eser Kandogan:Juho Kim:Thomas P. Moran:Pablo Pedemonte	We developed DataBoard, a freeform spatial interface, to support users in simple problem solving tasks. To develop a deeper understanding of the role of space and the tradeoffs between freeform and structured interaction styles in problem solving tasks, we conducted a controlled user study comparing the DataBoard with a spreadsheet and analyzed video data in detail. Beyond improvements in task performance and memory recall, our observations reveal that freeform interfaces can support users in a variety of ways: representing problems flexibly, developing strategies, executing strategies incrementally, tracking problem state easily, reducing mental computation, and verifying solutions perceptually. The spreadsheet also had advantages, and we discuss the tradeoffs.	How a freeform spatial interface supports simple problem solving tasks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ed Cutrell	NA	Session details: Low-cost ICT4D	NA	2018
Elba del Carmen Valderrama Bahamondez:Christian Winkler:Albrecht Schmidt	Providing good education is one of the major challenges for humanity. In many developing regions in the world improving educational standards is seen as a central building block for improving socio-economic situation of society. Based on our research in Panama we report on how mobile phones can be used as educational tools. In contrast to personal computers mobile phones are widely available and in Panama over 80% of the children have access to phones. We report on four different studies building on one another. We conducted surveys, focus groups, and group interviews with several hundred teachers and pupils to assess opportunities, needs, and threads for using phones in teaching and learning. Based on the feedback received we created a set of use cases and finally evaluated these in a field study in a rural multigrade school in Panama. Our findings suggest that current phones with multimedia capabilities provide a valuable resource for teaching and learning across many subjects. In particular recording of audio and video, programs for drawing, and taking photos were used in very creative and constructive ways beyond the use cases envisioned by us and initial skepticism of parents turned into support.	Utilizing multimedia capabilities of mobile phones to support teaching in schools in rural panama	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ruy Cervantes:Mark Warschauer:Bonnie Nardi:Nithya Sambasivan	In recent years, a number of low-cost laptops have been created for children's education, most notably the XO, developed by One Laptop per Child to embody principles of constructionist learning, and the ClassmatePC, designed by Intel to fit within and improve traditional education. We report on a series of field studies in Mexican elementary schools that deployed the XO or ClassmatePC. Although both devices are promoted as valuable for improving education in developing countries, our studies suggest that creating the social and technical infrastructures needed to sustain school laptop use is far more complex than what technology designers assume.	Infrastructures for low-cost laptop use in Mexican schools	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gaurav Paruthi:William Thies	In the developing world, computers and Internet access remain rare. However, there are other devices that can be used to deliver information, including TVs and DVD players. In this paper, we work to bridge this gap by delivering offline Internet content on DVD, for interactive playback on ordinary DVD players. Using the remote control, users can accomplish all of the major functions available in a Web browser, including navigation, hyperlinks, and search. As our driving application, we map the entirety of schools-wikipedia.org - encompassing 5,500 articles and 259,000 screens - to a double-layer DVD. We evaluate our system via a study of 20 low-income users in Bangalore, India. Using our DVD as reference, participants are able to answer factual questions with over 90% success. While most participants prefer to use a computer if one is available, for resource-poor environments the DVD platform could represent a viable and low-cost alternative.	Utilizing DVD players as low-cost offline internet browsers	NA:NA	2018
James Fogarty	NA	Session details: Predicting & modeling human behaviors	NA	2018
Manuela Waldner:Markus Steinberger:Raphael Grasset:Dieter Schmalstieg	In this paper we present importance-driven compositing window management, which considers windows not only as basic rectangular shapes but also integrates the importance of the windows' content using a bottom-up visual attention model. Based on this information, importance-driven compositing optimizes the spatial window layout for maximum visibility and interactivity of occluded content in combination with see-through windows. We employ this technique for emerging window manager functions to minimize information overlap caused by popping up windows or floating toolbars and to improve the access to occluded window content. An initial user study indicates that our technique provides a more effective and satisfactory access to occluded information than the well-adopted Alt+Tab window switching technique and see-through windows without optimized spatial layout.	Importance-driven compositing window management	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Morgan Dixon:Daniel Leventhal:James Fogarty	The rigidity and fragmentation of GUI toolkits are fundamentally limiting the progress and impact of interaction research. Pixel-based methods offer unique potential for addressing these challenges independent of the implementation of any particular interface or toolkit. This work builds upon Prefab, which enables the modification of existing interfaces. We present new methods for hierarchical models of complex widgets, real-time interpretation of interface content, and real-time interpretation of content and hierarchy throughout an entire interface. We validate our new methods through implementations of four applications: stencil-based tutorials, ephemeral adaptation, interface translation, and end-user interface customization. We demonstrate these enhancements in complex existing applications created from different user interface toolkits running on different operating systems.	Content and hierarchy in pixel-based methods for reverse engineering interface structure	NA:NA:NA	2018
Aqueasha M. Martin:Yolanda A. Rankin:Joe Bolinger	Service delivery organizations oftentimes overlook opportunities to cultivate client relationships due to a lack of awareness of the totality of touchpoints, or interactions, that occur between service delivery personnel and client personnel over time. To enable service delivery organizations to strategically manage their client relationships, we introduce the first phase of the Client TouchPoint Modeling (CTM) process in which service delivery teams create a touchpoint map of their collective interactions across a client account. Participatory design sessions with service delivery personnel informed the design of a CTM TouchPoint Map prototype. Through these sessions, we also discovered a more collaborative approach to CTM, one in which service delivery team members work together to co-construct a unified account map in a way that promotes team transparency and sensemaking of the service experience.	Client TouchPoint modeling: understanding client interactions in the context of service delivery	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bonnie E. John	Predictive human performance modeling has traditionally been used to make quantitative comparisons between alternative designs (e.g., task execution time for skilled users) instead of identifying UI problems or making design recommendations. This note investigates how reliably novice modelers can extract design recommendations from their models. Many HCI evaluation methods have been plagued by the "evaluator effect" [3], i.e., different people using the same method find different UI problems. Our data and analyses show that predictive human performance modeling is no exception. Novice modelers using CogTool [5] display a 34% Any-Two Agreement in their design recommendations, a result in the upper quartile of evaluator effect studies. However, because these recommendations are grounded in models, they may have more reliable impact on measurable performance than recommendations arising from less formal methods.	Using predictive human performance models to inspire and support UI design recommendations	NA	2018
Gillian Hayes	NA	Session details: Death & bereavement	NA	2018
Michael Massimi:William Odom:Richard Banks:David Kirk	Examining developmental periods of the human lifespan has been a useful tradition for focusing HCI research (e.g., technologies for children or the elderly). In this paper, we identify the end of life as another period of the human lifespan that merits consideration by technology designers and researchers. This paper maps out current and future research in HCI at the end of life by first describing how this area raises questions concerning materiality and artifacts, social identities, temporality and methodologies. Having provided a description of the richness of this area, we then frame it against HCI traditions and practices in an orientation we term the lifespan-oriented approach. This paper maps early efforts in end of life research, structures and suggests areas for continued work, and situates the end of life among existing areas of HCI research.	Matters of life and death: locating the end of life in lifespan-oriented hci research	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Emily Getty:Jessica Cobb:Meryl Gabeler:Christine Nelson:Ellis Weng:Jeffrey Hancock	In response to the death of a close friend or relative, bereaved individuals can use technology as part of the grieving process. We present a study that analyzes the messages of the friends and family of the deceased to their Facebook profile before and after their passing. Our analysis reveals that mourners use profiles as a way to maintain a continuing bond with the deceased, as well as a way to accomplish specific front stage bereavement communication, such as sharing memories, expressing sorrow and providing social support. These observations may improve the design of social networking technologies so that they remain useful, sensitive tools for the bereaved.	I said your name in an empty room: grieving and continuing bonds on facebook	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Massimi:Ronald M. Baecker	Increasingly, systems are being developed and used in ways that involve end of life issues such as death, dying, and bereavement. Yet design considerations and guidelines for technologists working in this sensitive area are not well-established. We therefore report on exploratory fieldwork consisting of focus groups, observations, and consultation with bereavement experts aimed at understanding how technology might be designed to support bereaved parents. From this fieldwork, we derive a set of considerations useful for researchers and designers developing systems that deal specifically with bereavement, and with the end of life more broadly. These considerations focus on interpersonal communication, new ways of being in the world, and materiality. We conclude with a distillation of these considerations into practical design guidelines for working in this area.	Dealing with death in design: developing systems for the bereaved	NA:NA	2018
Xiang Cao	NA	Session details: Non-flat Displays	NA	2018
Anne Roudaut:Henning Pohl:Patrick Baudisch	Advances in sensing technology are currently bringing touch input to non-planar surfaces, ranging from spherical touch screens to prototypes the size and shape of a ping-pong ball. To help interface designers create usable interfaces on such devices, we determine how touch surface curvature affects targeting. We present a user study in which participants acquired targets on surfaces of different curvature and at locations of different slope. We find that surface convexity increases pointing accuracy, and in particular reduces the offset between the input point perceived by users and the input point sensed by the device. Concave surfaces, in contrast, are subject to larger error offsets. This is likely caused by how concave surfaces hug the user's finger, thus resulting in a larger contact area. The effect of slope on targeting, in contrast, is unexpected at first sight. Some targets located downhill from the user's perspective are subject to error offsets in the opposite direction from all others. This appears to be caused by participants acquiring these targets using a different finger posture that lets them monitor the position of their fingers more effectively.	Touch input on curved surfaces	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gilbert Beyer:Florian Alt:Jörg Müller:Albrecht Schmidt:Karsten Isakovic:Stefan Klose:Manuel Schiewe:Ivo Haulsen	Non-planar screens, such as columns, have been a popular means for displaying information for a long time. In con-trast to traditional displays their digital counterparts are mainly flat and rectangular due to current technological constraints. However, we envision bendable displays to be available in the future, which will allow for creating new forms of displays with new properties. In this paper we ex-plore cylindrical displays as a possible form of such novel public displays. We present a prototype and report on a user study, comparing the influence of the display shape on user behavior and user experience between flat and cylindrical displays. The results indicate that people move more in the vicinity of cylindrical displays and that there is no longer a default position when it comes to interaction. As a result, such displays are especially suitable to keep people in motion and to support gesture-like interaction.	Audience behavior around large interactive cylindrical screens	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Karl D.D. Willis:Ivan Poupyrev:Takaaki Shiratori	We present the MotionBeam metaphor for character interaction with handheld projectors. Our work draws from the tradition of pre-cinema handheld projectors that use direct physical manipulation to control projected imagery. With our prototype system, users interact and control projected characters by moving and gesturing with the handheld projector itself. This creates a unified interaction style where input and output are tied together within a single device. We introduce a set of interaction principles and present prototype applications that provide clear examples of the MotionBeam metaphor in use. Finally we describe observations and insights from a preliminary user study with our system.	Motionbeam: a metaphor for character interaction with handheld projectors	NA:NA:NA	2018
Peter Dalsgaard:Kim Halskov	3D projection on physical objects is a particular kind of Augmented Reality that augments a physical object by projecting digital content directly onto it, rather than by using a mediating device, such as a mobile phone or a head-mounted display. In this paper, we present five cases in which we have developed installations that employ 3D projection on physical objects. The installations have been developed in collaboration with external partners and have been put into use in real-life settings such as museums, exhibitions and interaction design laboratories. On the basis of these cases, we present and discuss three central design insights concerning new potentials for well-known 3D effects, dynamics between digital world and physical world, and relations between object, content and context.	3d projection on physical objects: design insights from five real life cases	NA:NA	2018
Steven Dow	NA	Session details: Design theory	NA	2018
Daniel Fallman	As a result of the increased interest in issues such as engagement, affection, and meaning, contemporary human-computer interaction (HCI) has increasingly come to examine the nature of interactions between artifacts, humans, and environments through concepts such as user experience and meaning. In the transition from usability metrics to user experience, what appears lacking is a more explicit characterization of what it is HCI now strives for as a discipline--i.e. what constitutes a 'good' user experience? Through a detailed look at two contemporary philosophies of technology--Albert Borgmann's notion of the device paradigm and Don Ihde's non-neutrality of technology-mediated experience--this paper seeks to explore the potential of the philosophy of technology to contribute new insights and provide well-grounded conceptual tools for coming to terms with what may become HCI's 'new good'.	The new good: exploring the potential of philosophy of technology to contribute to human-computer interaction	NA	2018
Elizabeth Goodman:Erik Stolterman:Ron Wakkary	There is an undesirable gap between HCI research aimed at influencing interaction design practice and the practitioners in question. To close this gap, we advocate a theoretical and methodological focus on the day-to-day, lived experience of designers. To date, this type of theory-generative, experientially oriented research has focused on the users of technologies, not the designers. In contrast, we propose that HCI researchers turn their attention to producing theories of interaction design practice that resonate with practitioners themselves. In part one of this paper, we describe the mismatch between HCI research and interaction design practices. Then we present vignettes from an observational study of commercial design practice to illustrate the issues at hand. In part two, we discuss methodological and theoretical changes in research practice that might support the goal of integrating HCI research with interaction design practices. We then discuss current research methods and theories to identify changes that might enlarge our view on practice. In part three, we elaborate on our theoretically minded agenda and a kind of ideal-type theory.	Understanding interaction design practices	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mor Naaman	NA	Session details: Microblogging behavior	NA	2018
Kate Starbird:Leysia Palen	This empirical study of "digital volunteers" in the aftermath of the January 12, 2010 Haiti earthquake describes their behaviors and mechanisms of self-organizing in the information space of a microblogging environment, where collaborators were newly found and distributed across continents. The paper explores the motivations, resources, activities and products of digital volunteers. It describes how seemingly small features of the technical environment offered structure for self-organizing, while considering how the social-technical milieu enabled individual capacities and collective action. Using social theory about self-organizing, the research offers insight about features of coordination within a setting of massive interaction.	"Voluntweeters": self-organizing by digital volunteers in times of crisis	NA:NA	2018
Catherine C. Marshall:Frank M. Shipman	Social media, by its very nature, introduces questions about ownership. Ownership comes into play most crucially when we investigate how social media is saved or archived; how it is reused; and whether it can be removed or deleted. We investigate these social media ownership issues using a Mechanical Turk survey of Twitter users; the survey uses open-ended questions and statements of belief about realistic Twitter-based scenarios to give us a window onto current attitudes and beliefs. Our findings reveal that respondents take a liberal attitude toward saving and storing the tweets that they encounter. More caution is exercised with republishing the material, and still more with sharing the material among friends and associates. Respondents approach removal of this type of lightweight social media most cautiously. The material's provenance and the respondents' relationship to the material (whether they are the author or subject) has considerable bearing on what they feel they can do with it.	Social media ownership: using twitter as a window onto current attitudes and beliefs	NA:NA	2018
Haewoon Kwak:Hyunwoo Chun:Sue Moon	We analyze the dynamics of the behavior known as 'unfollow' in Twitter. We collected daily snapshots of the online relationships of 1.2 million Korean-speaking users for 51 days as well as all of their tweets. We found that Twitter users frequently unfollow. We then discover the major factors, including the reciprocity of the relationships, the duration of a relationship, the followees' informativeness, and the overlap of the relationships, which affect the decision to unfollow. We conduct interview with 22 Korean respondents to supplement the quantitative results. They unfollowed those who left many tweets within a short time, created tweets about uninteresting topics, or tweeted about the mundane details of their lives. To the best of our knowledge, this work is the first systematic study of the unfollow behavior in Twitter.	Fragile online relationship: a first look at unfollow dynamics in twitter	NA:NA:NA	2018
Funda Kivran-Swaine:Priya Govindan:Mor Naaman	We investigate the breaking of ties between individuals in the online social network of Twitter, a hugely popular social media service. Building on sociology concepts such as strength of ties, embeddedness, and status, we explore how network structure alone influences tie breaks - the common phenomena of an individual ceasing to "follow" another in Twitter's directed social network. We examine these relationships using a dataset of 245,586 Twitter "follow" edges, and the persistence of these edges after nine months. We show that structural properties of individuals and dyads at Time 1 have a significant effect on the existence of edges at Time 2, and connect these findings to the social theories that motivated the study.	The impact of network structure on breaking ties in online social networks: unfollowing on twitter	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jennifer Golbeck:Derek Hansen	There is great interest in understanding media bias and political information seeking preferences. As many media outlets create online personas, we seek to automatically estimate the political preferences of their audience, rather than of the outlet itself. In this paper, we present a novel method for computing preference among an organization's Twitter followers. We present an application of this technique to estimate political preference of the audiences of U.S. media outlets. We also discuss how these results may be used and extended.	Computing political preference among twitter followers	NA:NA	2018
Susan Fussell	NA	Session details: Inter-cultural interaction	NA	2018
Irina Shklovski:Nalini Kotamraju	In this article we describe people's online contribution practices in contexts in which the government actively blocks access to or censors the Internet. We argue that people experience blocking as confusing, as a motivation for self-censorship online, as a cause of impoverishment of available content and as a real threat of personal persecution. Challenging ideas of blocking as a monolithic, abstract policy, we discuss five strategies with which Internet users navigate blocking: self-censorship, cultivating technical savvy, reliance on social ties to relay blocked content, use of already blocked sites for content production as a form of protection and practiced transparency. We also discuss strategies that forum owners and blogging platform providers employ to deal with and to avoid blocking. We conclude by advocating for more research that acknowledges the complexity of the contexts in which all Internet users contribute to the Internet and social media.	Online contribution practices in countries that engage in internet blocking and censorship	NA:NA	2018
Lauren Scissors:N. Sadat Shami:Tatsuya Ishihara:Steven Rohall:Shin Saito	While there are tools that allow distributed teams to collaboratively edit in real time, little work examines this practice among real teams doing real work. Even less is known about how teams from different countries make use of real-time collaborative editing tools. The current work highlights results from a qualitative user study of real-world Japanese and U.S. distributed work teams who used LiveDeck, a real-time slide editing and whiteboarding tool. Through the implementation of various novel features used as probes, differences in behavior and attitudes between team members were uncovered. Differences in the use of slide navigation options, anonymity features, and pop-up 'emotes' representing nonverbal gestures are discussed.	Real-time collaborative editing behavior in USA and Japanese distributed teams	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chen Zhao:Gonglue Jiang	A profile image is one of the most important personal attributes on social networking sites (SNSs). The current study examines whether self-presentation on SNSs is related to national culture and how forms of self-presentation differ between American and Chinese users. We accomplish this by analyzing profile images on two social networking sites, Facebook in the US and Renren in China. Our findings indicate that self-presentation is sensitive to national culture: Chinese users are more likely to customize their profile images than Americans. Our study suggests that there is a need to design social networking website features that better support profile construction for international users.	Cultural differences on visual self-presentation through social networking site profile images	NA:NA	2018
Chang Hu:Benjamin B. Bederson:Philip Resnik:Yakov Kronrod	In this paper, we present MonoTrans2, a new user interface to support monolingual translation; that is, translation by people who speak only the source or target language, but not both. Compared to previous systems, MonoTrans2 supports multiple edits in parallel, and shorter tasks with less translation context. In an experiment translating children's books, we show that MonoTrans2 is able to substantially close the gap between machine translation and human bilingual translations. The percentage of sentences rated 5 out of 5 for fluency and adequacy by both bilingual evaluators in our study increased from 10% for Google Translate output to 68% for MonoTrans2.	MonoTrans2: a new human computation system to support monolingual translation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leslie Setlock:Susan Fussell	In this paper we describe two studies intended to replicate earlier work comparing American and Chinese communication in a negotiation task using several different media. In the earlier studies, the participants all spoke in English, raising the question of whether differences in fluency rather than differences in cultural background explained the results. We replicated the earlier studies using materials translated into Chinese, a native Chinese-speaking experimenter, and native Chinese participants. Counts of Chinese characters in each media show nearly the identical pattern found in the earlier studies, suggesting that cultural differences in communication styles, rather than fluency, account for the earlier findings. We describe implications of this work for tools to support intercultural communication.	Culture or fluency?: unpacking interactions between culture and communication medium	NA:NA	2018
Melanie Fitzgerald	NA	Session details: Eye tracking	NA	2018
Geoffrey B. Duggan:Stephen J. Payne	Readers on the Web often skim through text to cope with the volume of available information. In a previous study, Duggan and Payne [11] tracked readers' eye movements as they skimmed through expository text under time pressure. This article presents novel analyses of these eye-movement data. Results indicated that readers were able to explicitly direct attention to the most important information in the text and that this improved performance on a subsequent test of memory for the meaning of text. We suggest readers achieve this by satisficing reading through text until the rate of information gain drops below threshold and then skipping to the next section of text. Further analyses of gaze patterns for paragraphs and pages supported this explanation. Combining satisficing with some form of scanning or sampling behaviour could explain patterns of reading found on the Web. A greater understanding of the way that text is read on the Web would assist many producers of online content.	Skim reading by satisficing: evidence from eye tracking	NA:NA	2018
Robin L. Hill:Anna Dickinson:John L. Arnott:Peter Gregor:Louise McIver	Eye-tracking is a valuable tool for usability research. Studies into the effect of age on eye-movement behavior tend to indicate a propensity for slower viewing and longer times spent examining information. This pattern is usually attributed to the general physiological and cognitive slow-down associated with normal aging. In this paper, however, across three different tasks based on computer and internet use (free-viewing, visual search, and browser interaction), we show that among older adults (n=18, age range: 70-93) computer experience appears to be a highly important factor in eye-movement behavior. We argue that as a consequence of the experimental environment used in modern eye-tracking studies, characteristics such as familiarity and experience with computers should be taken into account before conclusions are drawn about the raw effects of age.	Older web users' eye movements: experience counts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sanne Elling:Leo Lentz:Menno de Jong	The retrospective think-aloud method, in which participants work in silence and verbalize their thoughts afterwards while watching a recording of their performance, is often used for the evaluation of websites. However, participants may not always be able to recall what they thought, when they only see few visual cues that help them remembering their task execution process. In our study we complemented the recording of the performance with a gaze trail of the participant" eye movements, in order to elicit more verbalizations. A comparison was made between the traditional retrospective think-aloud protocols and the variant with eye movements. Contrary to our expectations, no differences were found between the two conditions on numbers of problems, the ways these problems were detected, and types of problems. Two possible explanations for this result are that eye movements might be rather confronting and distracting for participants, and the rather generic way of probing we used. The added value might be stronger when specific questions are asked, based on the observed eye movements. Implications for usability practitioners are discussed in the conclusions of this paper.	Retrospective think-aloud method: using eye movements as an extra cue for participants' verbalizations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Beverly Freeman	Usability practitioners often rely on research participants' verbal reports to better understand the user experience. These reports can be collected either during or after task execution, with each approach entailing unique benefits and limitations. This note presents a framework for using eye tracking data to "trigger" when and how moderators probe participants for verbal comments during task execution to supplement or elaborate participant-initiated comments. A preliminary case study suggests that this approach affords a level of efficiency and effectiveness difficult to achieve with retrospective verbalization or without the use of eye tracking. The hope is that practitioners will be encouraged to use and refine this method for the benefit of the field.	Triggered think-aloud protocol: using eye tracking to improve usability test moderation	NA	2018
Shaowen Bardzell	NA	Session details: Families	NA	2018
Scott Davidoff:Brian D. Ziebart:John Zimmerman:Anind K. Dey	Part of being a parent is taking responsibility for arranging and supplying transportation of children between various events. Dual-income parents frequently develop routines to help manage transportation with a minimal amount of attention. On days when families deviate from their routines, effective logistics can often depend on knowledge of the routine location, availability and intentions of other family members. Since most families rarely document their routine activities, making that needed information unavailable, coordination breakdowns are much more likely to occur. To address this problem we demonstrate the feasibility of learning family routines using mobile phone GPS. We describe how we (1) detect pick-ups and drop-offs; (2) predict which parent will perform a future pick-up or drop-off; and (3) infer if a child will be left at an activity. We discuss how these routine models give digital calendars, reminder and location systems new capabilities to help prevent breakdowns, and improve family life.	Learning patterns of pick-ups and drop-offs to support busy family coordination	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Svetlana Yarosh:Gregory D. Abowd	Parents and children in families living with regular separation due to work develop strategies to manage being apart. We interviewed 14 pairs of parents and children (ages 7 -- 13) from work-separated families to understand their experiences and the strategies that they use to keep their family together. Parents focus on combining scheduled synchronous and spontaneous asynchronous communication to maintain a constant presence in the life of the child. Children, on the other hand, focus on other sources of support, on other activities, and on the eventual reunion. Both the remote parent and the child rely heavily on a collocated adult to maintain aware-ness and contact. We compare work-separated families with other types of separation and highlight opportunities for new designs.	Mediated parent-child contact in work-separated families	NA:NA	2018
Hayes Raffle:Glenda Revelle:Koichi Mori:Rafael Ballagas:Kyle Buza:Hiroshi Horii:Joseph Kaye:Kristin Cook:Natalie Freed:Janet Go:Mirjana Spasojevic	StoryVisit allows children and long-distance adults to experience a sense of togetherness by reading children's story books together over a distance. StoryVisit combines video conferencing and connected books: remote grown-up and child readers can see and hear each other, and can also see and control the same e-book. We report on research with 61 families - over 200 users including parents, children and long-distance readers - who used StoryVisit in their homes with a long-distance reader for at least one reading session. In addition, we report qualitative findings regarding nineteen of the families who participated in telephone interviews and four families who were monitored and interviewed by researchers at home. Results show that connected e-book video chat sessions last about five times as long as the typical video chats reported in previous research on families with young children. Moreover, the addition of an animated character increased session lengths by another 50%. StoryVisit usage peaked for families with three year olds, showing that sustained distance interactions with very young children are possible if communication technologies incorporate joint activities that engage children and adults.	Hello, is grandma there? let's read! StoryVisit: family video chat and connected e-books	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tejinder K. Judge:Carman Neustaedter:Steve Harrison:Andrew Blose	Video conferencing allows distance-separated family members to interact somewhat akin to being together at the same place and time. Yet most video conferencing systems are designed for phone-like calls between only two locations. Using such systems for long interactions or social gatherings with multiple families is cumbersome, if not impossible. For this reason, we wanted to explore how families would make use of a video system that permitted sharing everyday life over extended periods of time between multiple locations. We designed a media space called Family Portals that provides shared video between three locations and deployed it within the homes of six families. Results show that the media space increased feelings of connectedness and the focus on a triad, in contrast to a dyad, caused new styles of interaction to emerge. Despite this, families experienced new privacy challenges and non-adoption by some family members, not previously seen in dyadic family media spaces.	Family portals: connecting families through a multifamily media space	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jaime Teevan	NA	Session details: Search & information seeking	NA	2018
Marian Dörk:Sheelagh Carpendale:Carey Williamson	We introduce the information flaneur as a new human-centred view on information seeking that is grounded in interdisciplinary research. We use the metaphor of the urban flaneur making sense of a city as an inspiring lens that brings together diverse perspectives. These perspectives shift information seeking towards a more optimistic outlook: the information flaneur represents curious, creative, and critical information seeking. The resulting information-seeking model conceptualizes the interrelated nature between information activities and experiences as a continuum between horizontal exploration and vertical immersion. Motivated by enabling technological trends and inspired by the information flaneur, we present explorability as a new guiding principle for design and raise research challenges regarding the representation of information abstractions and details.	The information flaneur: a fresh look at information seeking	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeff Huang:Ryen W. White:Susan Dumais	Understanding how people interact with search engines is important in improving search quality. Web search engines typically analyze queries and clicked results, but these actions provide limited signals regarding search interaction. Laboratory studies often use richer methods such as gaze tracking, but this is impractical at Web scale. In this paper, we examine mouse cursor behavior on search engine results pages (SERPs), including not only clicks but also cursor movements and hovers over different page regions. We: (i) report an eye-tracking study showing that cursor position is closely related to eye gaze, especially on SERPs; (ii) present a scalable approach to capture cursor movements, and an analysis of search result examination behavior evident in these large-scale cursor data; and (iii) describe two applications (estimating search result relevance and distinguishing good from bad abandonment) that demonstrate the value of capturing cursor data. Our findings help us better understand how searchers use cursors on SERPs and can help design more effective search systems. Our scalable cursor tracking method may also be useful in non-search settings.	No clicks, no problem: using cursor movements to understand and improve search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yusuke Yamamoto:Katsumi Tanaka	In this paper, we propose a system for helping users to judge the credibility of Web search results and to search for credible Web pages. Conventional Web search engines present only titles, snippets, and URLs for users, which give few clues to judge the credibility of Web search results. Moreover, ranking algorithms of the conventional Web search engines are often based on relevance and popularity of Web pages. Towards credibility-oriented Web search, our proposed system provides users with the following three functions: (1) calculation and visualization of several scores of Web search results on the main credibility aspects, (2) prediction of user's credibility judgment model through user's credibility feedback for Web search results, and (3) re-ranking of Web search results based on user's predicted credibility model. Experimental results suggest that our system enables users - in particular, users with knowledge about search topics - to find credible Web pages from a list of Web search results more efficiently than conventional Web search interfaces.	Enhancing credibility judgment of web search results	NA:NA	2018
Julia Schwarz:Meredith Morris	The presence (and, sometimes, prominence) of incorrect and misleading content on the Web can have serious consequences for people who increasingly rely on the internet as their information source for topics such as health, politics, and financial advice. In this paper, we identify and collect several page features (such as popularity among specialized user groups) that are currently difficult or impossible for end users to assess, yet provide valuable signals regarding credibility. We then present visualizations designed to augment search results and Web pages with the most promising of these features. Our lab evaluation finds that our augmented search results are particularly effective at increasing the accuracy of users'" credibility assessments, highlighting the potential of data aggregation and simple interventions to help people make more informed decisions as they search for information online.	Augmenting web pages and search results to support credibility assessment	NA:NA	2018
Justine Cassell	NA	Session details: Expression & perception	NA	2018
Joe Marshall:Steve Benford	Several emerging strands of HCI involve connecting physical exercise activity with digital interactive systems to create intense combined experiences, for example pervasive games, GPS based exercise games and 'exertion interfaces'. Many of these systems are mobile, used outside in public, whilst moving quickly through the environment. In this paper, we argue that the combination of moving fast and interacting with a digital system allows us to create a powerfully intense experience for participants, and that key to this is careful attention to the way in which movement is combined with digital content.  We study an interactive art experience in which a person runs whilst listening to poetry. Based on this study and other HCI research, we present a framework for mixing physical and interactive content, based on 3 dimensions, which describe ways that a movement activity may itself create intense experiences, followed by a set of tactics for combining intense movement and interactive content.	Using fast interaction to create intense experiences	NA:NA	2018
Jonathan Hook:David Green:John McCarthy:Stuart Taylor:Peter Wright:Patrick Olivier	This paper identifies key themes of expressive interaction for VJs. VJs are visual artists who use digital media to express themselves to an audience during a live audio-visual performance. Those designing for the expressive use of technology can gain insight from an articulation of expressive interaction from the perspective of VJ practice. This is developed using a novel qualitative methodology designed to be sensitive to the subtle and tacit nature of expression. We detail our methodology, present the results of its application to a group of VJs and conclude with a discussion of the implications our findings may have for those wishing to design for VJs, or those in related domains that involve expressive interaction with technology.	A VJ centered exploration of expressive interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Erik Andersen:Yun-En Liu:Rich Snider:Roy Szeto:Zoran Popović	Game designers frequently invest in aesthetic improvements such as music, sound effects, and animations. However, their exact value for attracting and retaining players remains unclear. Seeking to estimate this value in two popular Flash games, we conducted a series of large-scale A/B tests in which we selectively removed aesthetic improvements and examined the effect of each component on play time, progress, and return rate. We found that music and sound effects had little or no effect on player retention in either game, while animations caused users to play more. We also found, counterintuitively, that optional rewards caused players to play less in both games. In one game, this gameplay modification affected play time three times as much as the largest aesthetic variation. Our methodology provides a way to determine where resources may be best spent during the game design and development process.	Placing a value on aesthetics in online casual games	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hyunjung Kim:Woohun Lee	We propose and demonstrate Kinetic Tiles, modular construction units for kinetic animations. Three different design methods are explored and evaluated for kinetic animation with the Kinetic Tiles using preset movements, design via animation toolkit, and design via direct input. It is expected that the Kinetic Tiles, as a new design and architecture material, will assist designers to introduce kinetic expressions to the surfaces of everyday objects and spaces.	Kinetic tiles	NA:NA	2018
Rubaiat Habib Kazi:Kien Chuan Chua:Shengdong Zhao:Richard Davis:Kok-Lim Low	Sand animation is a performance art technique in which an artist tells stories by creating animated images with sand. Inspired by this medium, we have developed a new multi-touch digital artistic medium named SandCanvas that simplifies the creation of sand animations. SandCanvas also goes beyond traditional sand animation with tools for mixing sand animation with video and replicating recorded free-form hand gestures. In this paper, we analyze common sand animation hand gestures, present SandCanvas's intuitive UI, and describe implementation challenges we encountered. We also present an evaluation with professional and novice artists that shows the importance and unique affordances of this new medium.	SandCanvas: a multi-touch art medium inspired by sand animation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hiroshi Ishii	NA	Session details: Flexible grips & gestures	NA	2018
Rob Dijkstra:Christopher Perez:Roel Vertegaal	In this paper, we present a study of the effects of structural holds and rigidity of a flexible display on touch pointing and dragging performance. We discuss an observational study in which we collected common holds used when pointing on a mockup paper display. We also measured the force patterns each hold generated within the display surface. We analyzed this data to produce 3 force zones in the display for each of the four most frequently observed holds: the grip zone, rigid zone, and the flexible zone. We report on an empirical evaluation in which we compared the efficiency of pointing and dragging operations between holds, and between structural zones within holds, using a real flexible Lumalive display. Results suggest that structural force distributions in a flexible display affect the Index of Performance of both pointing and dragging tasks, irrespective of hold, with rigid parts of the display yielding a 12% average performance gain over flexible areas.	Evaluating effects of structural holds on pointing and dragging performance with flexible displays	NA:NA:NA	2018
Byron Lahey:Audrey Girouard:Winslow Burleson:Roel Vertegaal	Flexible displays potentially allow for interaction styles that resemble those used in paper documents. Bending the display, e.g., to page forward, shows particular promise as an interaction technique. In this paper, we present an evaluation of the effectiveness of various bend gestures in executing a set of tasks with a flexible display. We discuss a study in which users designed bend gestures for common computing actions deployed on a smartphone-inspired flexible E Ink prototype called PaperPhone. We collected a total of 87 bend gesture pairs from ten participants and their appropriateness over twenty actions in five applications. We identified six most frequently used bend gesture pairs out of 24 unique pairs. Results show users preferred bend gestures and bend gesture pairs that were conceptually simpler, e.g., along one axis, and less physically demanding. There was a strong agreement among participants to use the same three pairs in applications: (1) side of display, up/down (2) top corner, up/down (3) bottom corner, up/down. For actions with a strong directional cue, we found strong consensus on the polarity of the bend gestures (e.g., navigating left is performed with an upwards bend gesture, navigating right, downwards). This implies that bend gestures that take directional cues into account are likely more natural to users.	PaperPhone: understanding the use of bend gestures in mobile devices with flexible electronic paper displays	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Thorsten Karrer:Moritz Wittenhagen:Leonhard Lichtschlag:Florian Heller:Jan Borchers	We present Pinstripe, a textile user interface element for eyes-free, continuous value input on smart garments that uses pinching and rolling a piece of cloth between your fingers. The input granularity can be controlled in a natural way by varying the amount of cloth pinched. Pinstripe input elements physically consist of fields of parallel conductive lines sewn onto the fabric. This way, they can be invisible, and can be included across large areas of a garment. Pinstripe also addresses several problems previously identified in the placement and operation of textile UI elements on smart clothing. Two user studies evaluate ideal placement and orientation of Pinstripe elements on the users' garments as well as acceptance and perceived ease of use of this novel textile input technique.	Pinstripe: eyes-free continuous input on interactive clothing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hyunyoung Song:Hrvoje Benko:Francois Guimbretiere:Shahram Izadi:Xiang Cao:Ken Hinckley	This paper explores the interaction possibilities enabled when the barrel of a digital pen is augmented with a multi-touch sensor. We present a novel multi-touch pen (MTPen) prototype and discuss its alternate uses beyond those of a standard stylus, such as allowing new touch gestures to be performed using the index finger or thumb and detecting how users grip the device as a mechanism for mode switching. We also discuss the hardware and software implementation challenges in realizing our prototype, and showcase how one can combine different grips (tripod, relaxed tripod, sketch, wrap) and gestures (swipe and double tap) to enable new interaction techniques with the MTPen in a prototype drawing application. One specific aim is the elimination of some of the comfort problems associated with existing auxiliary controls on digital pens. Mechanical controls such as barrel buttons and barrel scroll wheels work best in only a few specific hand grips and pen rotations. Comparatively, our gestures can be successfully and comfortably performed regardless of the rotation of the pen or how the user grips it, offering greater flexibility in use. We describe a formal evaluation comparing MTPen gestures against the use of a barrel button for mode switching. This study shows that both swipe and double tap gestures are comparable in performance to commonly employed barrel buttons without its disadvantages.	Grips and gestures on a multi-touch pen	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephen Voida	NA	Session details: 3D interaction	NA	2018
Peng Song:Wooi Boon Goh:Chi-Wing Fu:Qiang Meng:Pheng-Ann Heng	Visual exploration of volume data often requires the user to manipulate the orientation and position of a slicing plane in order to observe, annotate or measure its internal structures. Such operations, with its many degrees of freedom in 3D space, map poorly into interaction modalities afforded by mouse-keyboard interfaces or flat multi-touch displays alone. We addressed this problem using a what-you-see-is-what-you-feel (WYSIWYF) approach, which integrates the natural user interface of a multi-touch wall display with the untethered physical dexterity provided by a handheld device with multi-touch and 3D-tilt sensing capabilities. A slicing plane can be directly and intuitively manipulated at any desired position within the displayed volume data using a commonly available mobile device such as the iPod touch. 2D image slices can be transferred wirelessly to this small touch screen device, where a novel fast fat finger annotation technique (F3AT) is proposed to perform accurate and speedy contour drawings. Our user studies support the efficacy of our proposed visual exploration and annotation interaction designs.	WYSIWYF: exploring and annotating volume data with a tangible handheld device	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kenrick Kin:Tom Miller:Björn Bollensdorff:Tony DeRose:Björn Hartmann:Maneesh Agrawala	Set construction is the process of selecting and positioning virtual geometric objects to create a virtual environment used in a computer-animated film. Set construction artists often have a clear mental image of the set composition, but find it tedious to build their intended sets with current mouse and keyboard interfaces. We investigate whether multitouch input can ease the process of set construction. Working with a professional set construction artist at Pixar Animation Studios, we designed and developed Eden, a fully functional multitouch set construction application. In this paper, we describe our design process and how we balanced the advantages and disadvantages of multitouch input to develop usable gestures for set construction. Based on our design process and the user experiences of two set construction artists, we present a general set of lessons we learned regarding the design of a multitouch interface.	Eden: a professional multitouch tool for constructing virtual organic environments	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dimitar Valkov:Frank Steinicke:Gerd Bruder:Klaus Hinrichs	Recent developments in the area of touch and display technologies have suggested to combine multi-touch systems and stereoscopic visualization. Stereoscopic perception requires each eye to see a slightly different perspective of the same scene, which results in two distinct projections on the display. Thus, if the user wants to select a 3D stereoscopic object in such a setup, the question arises where she would touch the 2D surface to indicate the selection. A user may apply different strategies, for instance touching the midpoint between the two projections, or touching one of them. In this paper we analyze the relation between the 3D positions of stereoscopically rendered objects and the on-surface touch points, where users touch the surface. We performed an experiment in which we determined the positions of the users' touches for objects, which were displayed with positive, negative or zero parallaxes. We found that users tend to touch between the projections for the two eyes with an offset towards the projection for the dominant eye. Our results give implications for the development of future touch-enabled interfaces, which support 3D stereoscopic visualization.	2d touching of 3d stereoscopic objects	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Cary Williams:Xing Dong Yang:Grant Partridge:Joshua Millar-Usiskin:Arkady Major:Pourang Irani	Manipulating 3D objects on a tabletop is inherently problematic. Tabletops lack a third degree of freedom and thus require novel solutions to support even the simplest 3D manipulations. Our solution is TZee - a passive tangible widget that enables natural interactions with 3D objects by exploiting the lighting properties of diffuse illumination (DI) multi-touch tabletops. TZee is assembled from stacked layers of acrylic glass to extend the tabletop's infrared light slightly above the surface without supplemental power. With TZee, users can intuitively scale, translate and rotate objects in all three dimensions, and also perform more sophisticated gestures, like "slicing" a volumetric object, that have not been possible with existing tabletop interaction schemes. TZee is built with affordable and accessible materials, and one tabletop surface can easily support multiple TZees. Moreover, since TZee is transparent, there are numerous possibilities to augment interactions with feedback, helpful hints, or other visual enhancements. We discuss several important design considerations and demonstrate the value of TZee with several applications.	TZee: exploiting the lighting properties of multi-touch tabletops for tangible 3d interactions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Niki Kittur	NA	Session details: Crowdsourcing	NA	2018
Ido Guy:Adam Perer:Tal Daniel:Ohad Greenshpan:Itai Turbahn	Despite the tremendous popularity of social network sites both on the web and within enterprises, the relationship information they contain may be often incomplete or outdated. We suggest a novel crowdsourcing approach that uses a game to help enrich and expand the social network topology. The game prompts players to provide the names of people who have a relationship with individuals they know. The game was deployed for a one-month period within a large global organization. We provide an analysis of the data collected through this deployment, in comparison with the data from the organization's social network site. Our results indicate that the game rapidly collects large volumes of valid information that can be used to enrich and reinforce an existing social network site's data. We point out other aspects and benefits of using a crowdsourcing game to harvest social network information.	Guess who?: enriching the social graph through a crowdsourcing game	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kathleen Tuite:Noah Snavely:Dun-yu Hsiao:Nadine Tabing:Zoran Popovic	Large-scale, ground-level urban imagery has recently developed as an important element of online mapping tools such as Google's Street View. Such imagery is extremely valuable in a number of potential applications, ranging from augmented reality to 3D modeling, and from urban planning to monitoring city infrastructure. While such imagery is already available from many sources, including Street View and tourist photos on photo-sharing sites, these collections have drawbacks related to high cost, incompleteness, and accuracy. A potential solution is to leverage the community of photographers around the world to collaboratively acquire large-scale image collections. This work explores this approach through PhotoCity, an online game that trains its players to become "experts" at taking photos at targeted locations and in great density, for the purposes of creating 3D building models. To evaluate our approach, we ran a competition between two universities that resulted in the submission of over 100,000 photos, many of which were highly relevant for the 3D modeling task at hand. Although the number of players was small, we found that this was compensated for by incentives that drove players to become experts at photo collection, often capturing thousands of useful photos each.	PhotoCity: training experts at large-scale image acquisition through a competitive game	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lixiu Yu:Jeffrey V. Nickerson	A sketch combination system is introduced and tested: a crowd of 1047 participated in an iterative process of design, evaluation and combination. Specifically, participants in a crowdsourcing marketplace sketched chairs for children. One crowd created a first generation of chairs, and then successive crowds created new generations by combining the chairs made by previous crowds. Other participants evaluated the chairs. The crowd judged the chairs from the third generation more creative than those from the first generation. An analysis of the design evolution shows that participants inherited and modified presented features, and also added new features. These findings suggest that crowd based design processes may be effective, and point the way toward computer-human interactions that might further encourage crowd creativity.	Cooks or cobblers?: crowd creativity through combination	NA:NA	2018
Alexander J. Quinn:Benjamin B. Bederson	The rapid growth of human computation within research and industry has produced many novel ideas aimed at organizing web users to do great things. However, the growth is not adequately supported by a framework with which to understand each new system in the context of the old. We classify human computation systems to help identify parallels between different systems and reveal "holes" in the existing work as opportunities for new research. Since human computation is often confused with "crowdsourcing" and other terms, we explore the position of human computation with respect to these related topics.	Human computation: a survey and taxonomy of a growing field	NA:NA	2018
John Thomas	NA	Session details: User studies/ethnography in developing regions	NA	2018
Deepti Kumar:David Martin:Jacki O'Neill	We report on an ethnographic study of payment and banking practices in India. Currently a mobile payment mechanism is being developed in India and we were interested to see how it would fit with various current payment systems for various types of users. Therefore we studied a variety of current payment situations and gained an understanding of the banking and payment practices and needs of a diverse community. Our aim was to inform the development of interface elements, applications and services that would support the needs we uncovered. We describe our findings and the design ideas they provoked.	The times they are a-changin': mobile payments in india	NA:NA:NA	2018
Neha Kumar:Gopal Chouhan:Tapan Parikh	Folk music forms in India are rich and diverse, varying from region to region across the Indian landscape. The recent explosion of new media technologies (e.g. DVDs, CDs, mobile phones) in both rural and urban India is changing how oral folk music is being performed, produced, distributed, and shared. To further understand this impact, we conducted an extended field study across four field sites in India that are rich in folk music tradition and activity. Through a process of interviews, participant observation, focus group discussion, and content analysis with a varied group of stakeholders - including folk musicians, listeners, retailers, and radio show producers - we found that 1) there are a diverse set of motivations for performing and listening to folk music, 2) new media technologies are helping folk musicians become more popular, while reducing some streams of revenue, particularly for businesses engaged only in music production and distribution, and 3) as expected, piracy is widely tolerated by musicians, both out of apathy, and an interest in reaching new audiences with their message, while increasing their own fame and associated patronage. Based on these findings, we propose some implications for the design of an appropriate folk music sharing and distribution service that addresses these various motivations of the musicians and listeners.	Folk music goes digital in India	NA:NA:NA	2018
Elisa Oreglia:Ying Liu:Wei Zhao	As part of IBM's Smarter Planet initiative, we studied information-sharing practices in rural Northern China to understand if and how ICT can help rural residents improve their lives. Interviews and participant observation in two villages showed a profusion of ICT devices, as well as an abundance of face-to-face information exchanges, but a shortage of localized and easily accessible information, and a deep dependence of many rural residents on 'information brokers' such as agricultural extension workers and shop owners. Can ICT support existing practices of information sharing among rural residents, when these practices are largely based on face-to-face encounters and passive reception of information? We argue that in such an environment, ICT should build on existing social habits even if less than ideal, rather than trying to transform them, and we outline a possible way to do so.	Designing for emerging rural users: experiences from China	NA:NA:NA	2018
Trina Gorman:Emma Rose:Judith Yaaqoubi:Andrew Bayor:Beth Kolko	Traditional usability methods are of limited use when evaluating systems designed for distant, diverse populations. In this paper, we describe a study conducted in two Ghanaian villages that evaluated an audio computer designed for people living in oral cultures. Informed by ICTD and orality-grounded HCID, we modified existing usability testing practices and we reflect on the utility of these adaptations. We found that conducting a culturally appropriate study often meant forgoing more traditional approaches in favor of flexible, opportunistic methods. We acknowledge the challenges of adapting traditional usability methods for oral, rural users. However, we found that by implementing strategic modifications led by local staff, our study produced valuable, actionable results.	Adapting usability testing for oral, rural users	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mary Czerwinski	NA	Session details: Visualization & perception	NA	2018
Mario Romero:Alice Vialard:John Peponis:John Stasko:Gregory Abowd	Previously, we presented Viz-A-Vis, a VIsualiZation of Activity through computer VISion [17]. Viz-A-Vis visualizes behavior as aggregate motion over observation space. In this paper, we present two complementary user studies of Viz-A-Vis measuring its performance and discovery affordances. First, we present a controlled user study aimed at comparatively measuring behavioral analysis preference and performance for observation and search tasks. Second, we describe a study with architects measuring discovery affordances and potential impacts on their work practices. We conclude: 1) Viz-A-Vis significantly reduced search time; and 2) it increased the number and quality of insightful discoveries.	Evaluating video visualizations of human behavior	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mikkel Rønne Jakobsen:Kasper Hornbæk	Whereas the literature is clear on the benefits of large displays and visualizations, little is known about their combination, that is, how display size affect the usability of visualizations. We describe a controlled experiment where 19 participants used focus+context, overview+detail, and zooming techniques with varying display sizes (13.8, 1.5, and 0.17 megapixels). Participants navigated geographical maps to find specific locations, compare items, and follow routes. Results show that for multi-scale navigation, classic interactive visualization techniques did not benefit from being scaled to a large display: In contrast to the literature we find similar performance on medium and large displays. Across display sizes, overview+detail works the best, in particular for comparing items. Focus+context is relatively more difficult to use at a small display size. We explain these findings and discuss the design of interactive visualization techniques for large displays.	Sizing up visualizations: effects of display size in focus+context, overview+detail, and zooming interfaces	NA:NA	2018
Jessica Hullman:Eytan Adar:Priti Shah	Social visualization systems have emerged to support collective intelligence-driven analysis of a growing influx of open data. As with many other online systems, social signals (e.g., forums, polls) are commonly integrated to drive use. Unfortunately, the same social features that can provide rapid, high-accuracy analysis are coupled with the pitfalls of any social system. Through an experiment involving over 300 subjects, we address how social information signals (social proof) affect quantitative judgments in the context of graphical perception. We identify how unbiased social signals lead to fewer errors over non-social settings and conversely, how biased signals lead to more errors. We further reflect on how systematic bias nullifies certain collective intelligence benefits, and we provide evidence of the formation of information cascades. We describe how these findings can be applied to collaborative visualization systems to produce more accurate individual interpretations in social contexts.	The impact of social information on visual judgments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eduardo E. Veas:Erick Mendez:Steven K. Feiner:Dieter Schmalstieg	In augmented reality, it is often necessary to draw the user's attention to particular objects in the real world without distracting her from her task. We explore the effectiveness of directing a user's attention by imperceptibly modifying existing features of a video. We present three user studies of the effects of applying a saliency modulation technique to video; evaluating modulation awareness, attention, and memory. Our results validate the saliency modulation technique as an alternative means to convey information to the user, suggesting attention shifts and influencing recall of selected regions without perceptible changes to visual input.	Directing attention and influencing memory with visual saliency modulation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dan Cosley	NA	Session details: Digital content & collections	NA	2018
Philip Mendels:Joep Frens:Kees Overbeeke	In this paper Freed is presented, a system that enables design students to spatially organize their digital collection, define relations between collection content and reflect on it. The system features a force-based layout that allows to explore spatial organizations, and hence to gain new insights. Its main advantage over existing software, is that it empowers the students to create different views of their digital collection. A view is a spatial organization of a selection of the collection content and its relations. It can e.g. be used for a specific design activity or project phase, for organizing work around a specific topic, or for explaining the perspective of a given student or stakeholder. Feedback of design students working with Freed during their design projects, and results from a workshop as measured by a questionnaire, show positive prospects for adoption of the system during the design process.	Freed: a system for creating multiple views of a digital collection during the design process	NA:NA:NA	2018
William Odom:John Zimmerman:Jodi Forlizzi	Over the past several years, people have increasingly acquired virtual possessions. We consider these things to include artifacts that are increasingly becoming immaterial (e.g. books, photos, music, movies) and things that have never traditionally had a lasting material form (e.g. SMS archives, social networking profiles, personal behavior logs). To date, little research exists about how people value and form attachments to virtual possessions. To investigate, we conducted a study with 21 teenagers exploring the perceived value of their virtual possessions, and the comparative similarities and differences with their material things. Findings are interpreted to detail design and research opportunities and issues in this emerging space.	Teenagers and their virtual possessions: design opportunities and issues	NA:NA:NA	2018
Daragh Byrne:Aisling Kelliher:Gareth J.F. Jones	Lifelog collections digitally capture and preserve personal experiences and can be mined to reveal insights and understandings of individual significance. These rich data sources also offer opportunities for learning and discovery by motivated third parties. We employ a custom-designed storytelling application in constructing meaningful lifelog summaries from third-party perspectives. This storytelling initiative was implemented as a core component in a university media-editing course. We present promising results from a preliminary study conducted to evaluate the utility and potential of our approach in creatively interpreting a unique experiential dataset.	Life editing: third-party perspectives on lifelog content	NA:NA:NA	2018
Susan Dumais	NA	Session details: Search & stuff	NA	2018
Michael Nebeling:Fabrice Matulic:Moira C. Norrie	Despite the fact that screen sizes and average screen resolutions have dramatically increased over the past few years, little attention has been paid to the design of web sites for large, high-resolution displays that are now becoming increasingly used both in enterprise and consumer spaces. We present a study of how the visual area of the browser window is currently utilised by news web sites at different widescreen resolutions. The analysis includes measurements of space taken up by the article content, embedded ads and the remaining components as they appear in the viewport of the web browser. The results show that the spatial distribution of page elements does not scale well with larger viewing sizes, which leads to an increasing amount of unused screen real estate and unnecessary scrolling. We derive a number of device-sensitive metrics to measure the quality of web page layout in different viewing contexts, which can guide the design of flexible layout templates that scale effectively on large screens.	Metrics for the evaluation of news site content layout in large-screen contexts	NA:NA:NA	2018
Joshua Hailpern:Nicholas Jitkoff:Andrew Warr:Karrie Karahalios:Robert Sesek:Nik Shkrob	According to cognitive science literature, human memory is predicated on contextual cues (e.g., room, music) in the environment. During recall tasks, we associate information/activities/objects with contextual cues. However, computer systems do not leverage our natural process of using contextual cues to facilitate recall. We present a new interaction technique, Pivoting, that allows users to search for contextually related activities and find a target piece of information (often not semantically related). A sample motivation for contextual search would be, 'what was that website I was looking at when Yesterday by The Beatles was last playing?' Our interaction technique is grounded in the cognitive science literature, and is demonstrated in our system YouPivot. In addition, we present a new personal annotation method, called TimeMarks, to further support contextual recall and the pivoting process. In a pilot study, participants were quicker to identify websites, and preferred using YouPivot, compared to current tools. YouPivot demonstrates how principles of human memory can be applied to enhance the search of digital information.	YouPivot: improving recall with contextual search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Diane Kelly:Karl Gyllstrom	We compare two delivery modes for interactive search system (ISS) experiments: remote and laboratory. Our study was completed by two groups of subjects from the same population. The first group completed the study remotely and the second group completed the study in the laboratory. We compare differences in participants, participation behaviors, search behaviors and evaluation behaviors. Overall, for most measures no significant differences were found, but there were some notable differences. Greater variance was observed in time taken and number of documents opened and saved by remote subjects. Lab subjects provided more favorable responses to exit questionnaire items and reported significantly higher satisfaction. Lab subjects also provided significantly longer responses to open questions, while remote subjects provided more null responses. These results suggest that many behaviors do not change significantly according to study mode and that results from remote ISS experiments are similar to those from laboratory experiments.	An examination of two delivery modes for interactive search system experiments: remote and laboratory	NA:NA	2018
Koji Yatani:Michael Novati:Andrew Trusty:Khai N. Truong	Many people read online reviews written by other users to learn more about a product or venue. However, the overwhelming amount of user-generated reviews and variance in length, detail and quality across the reviews make it difficult to glean useful information. In this paper, we present the iterative design of our system, called Review Spotlight. It provides a brief overview of reviews using adjective-noun word pairs, and allows the user to quickly explore the reviews in greater detail. Through a laboratory user study which required participants to perform decision making tasks, we showed that participants could form detailed impressions about restaurants and decide between two options significantly faster with Review Spotlight than with traditional review webpages.	Review spotlight: a user interface for summarizing user-generated reviews using adjective-noun word pairs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Scott McCrickard	NA	Session details: Design materiality	NA	2018
William Gaver	In this paper, I discuss design workbooks, collections of design proposals and related materials, both as a method for design and as a design methodology. In considering them as a method, I describe a number of examples of design workbooks we have developed in our studio and describe some of the practical techniques we have used in developing them. More fundamentally, I discuss design workbooks as embodiments of a methodological approach which recognises that ideas may emerge slowly over time, that important issues and perspectives may emerge from multiple concrete ideas, potentially generated by multiple members of a team, rather than being theory-driven, and that maintaining the provisionality and vagueness of early proposals can be useful in supporting a quasi-participatory design approach that allows participants to interpret, react to and elaborate upon the ideas they present.	Making spaces: how design workbooks work	NA	2018
Petra Sundström:Alex Taylor:Katja Grufberg:Niklas Wirström:Jordi Solsona Belenguer:Marcus Lundén	In any design process, a medium's properties need to be considered. This is nothing new in design. Still we find that in HCI and interactive systems design the properties of a technology are often glossed over. That is, technologies are black-boxed without much thought given to how their distinctive properties open up design possibilities. In this paper we describe what we call inspirational bits as a way to become more familiar with the design material in HCI, the digital material. We describe inspirational bits as quick and dirty but fully working systems in both hardware and software built with the aim of exposing one or several of the dynamic properties of a digital material. We also show how they provide a means of sharing design knowledge across the members of a multi-disciplined design team.	Inspirational bits: towards a shared understanding of the digital material	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shahtab Wahid:D. Scott McCrickard:Joseph DeGol:Nina Elias:Steve Harrison	Storyboards offer designers a way to illustrate a narrative. Their creation can be enabled by tools supporting sketching or widget collections. As designers often incorporate previous ideas, we contribute the notion of blending the reappropriation of artifacts and their design tradeoffs with storyboarding. We present PIC-UP, a storyboarding tool supporting reappropriation, and report on two studies--a long-term investigation with novices and interviews with experts. We discuss how it may support design thinking, tailor to different expertise levels, facilitate reappropriation during storyboarding, and assist with communication.	Don't drop it!: pick it up and storyboard	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tomer Moscovich	NA	Session details: Multi-touch	NA	2018
Daniel Wigdor:Hrvoje Benko:John Pella:Jarrod Lombardo:Sarah Williams	Direct touch manipulations enable the user to interact with the on-screen content in a direct and easy manner closely mimicking the spatial manipulations in the physical world. However, they also suffer from well-known issues of precision, occlusion and an inability to isolate different degrees of freedom in spatial manipulations. We present a set of interactions, called Rock & Rails, that augment existing direct touch manipulations with shape-based gestures, thus providing on-demand gain control, occlusion avoidance, and separation of constraints in 2D manipulation tasks. Using shape gestures in combination with direct-manipulations allows us to do this without ambiguity in detection and without resorting to manipulation handles, which break the direct manipulation paradigm. Our set of interactions were evaluated by 8 expert graphic designers and were found to be easy to learn and master, as well as effective in accomplishing a precise graphical layout task.	Rock & rails: extending multi-touch interactions with shape gestures to enable precise spatial manipulations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Patrick Chiu:Chunyuan Liao:Francine Chen	For document visualization, folding techniques provide a focus-plus-context approach with fairly high legibility on flat sections. To enable richer interaction, we explore the design space of multi-touch document folding. We discuss several design considerations for simple modeless gesturing and compatibility with standard Drag and Pinch gestures. We categorize gesture models along the characteristics of Symmetric/Asymmetric and Serial/Parallel, which yields three gesture models. We built a prototype document workspace application that integrates folding and standard gestures, and a system for testing the gesture models. A user study was conducted to compare the three models and to analyze the factors of fold direction, target symmetry, and target tolerance in user performance when folding a document to a specific shape. Our results indicate that all three factors were significant for task times, and parallelism was greater for symmetric targets.	Multi-touch document folding: gesture models, fold directions and symmetries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Dominik P. Käser:Maneesh Agrawala:Mark Pauly	Many tasks in graphical user interfaces require users to interact with elements at various levels of precision. We present FingerGlass, a bimanual technique designed to improve the precision of graphical tasks on multitouch screens. It enables users to quickly navigate to different locations and across multiple scales of a scene using a single hand. The other hand can simultaneously interact with objects in the scene. Unlike traditional pan-zoom interfaces, FingerGlass retains contextual information during the interaction. We evaluated our technique in the context of precise object selection and translation and found that FingerGlass significantly outperforms three state-of-the-art baseline techniques in both objective and subjective measurements: users acquired and translated targets more than 50% faster than with the second-best technique in our experiment.	FingerGlass: efficient multiscale interaction on multitouch screens	NA:NA:NA	2018
Qian Sun:Chi-Wing Fu:Ying He	Diffusion curves are effective 2D vector-graphics primitives, for creating smoothly-shaded drawings with rich colors and unique styles. Conventional drawing systems for diffusion curves often require users to successively layout curve geometry and then specify colors, which is rather tedious for complex drawings. This paper proposes a novel multi-touch sketching interface for efficient design of 2D vector graphics with diffusion curves. In sharp contrast to previous interfaces, we develop a family of multi-touch gestures, allowing users to simultaneously sketch multiple diffusion curves and also to interactively edit and tune curve geometry and colors. Our experiments show that this not only brings novel painting experience to users but also provides a practical and effective tool for vector graphics design, useful for styles like silk painting, Disney cartoon, art poster, and photo-realistic effects. Lastly, we conduct a user study to explore the interface's intuitive and efficient drawing capability with both professional 2D artists and novice users.	An interactive multi-touch sketching interface for diffusion curves	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mathias Frisch:Sebastian Kleinau:Ricardo Langner:Raimund Dachselt	Precise alignment of graphical objects and the creation of accurate layouts are crucial activities in many applications, such as graphics design tools, presentation software or graph editors. Surface computing is very promising for these application domains but not fully explored yet. In this paper we contribute two tools which support layout tasks on interactive displays: interactive grids and multi-touch alignment guides. Both tools allow the precise positioning of graphical objects in a flexible and fluent way by multi-touch input. Direct bimanual interaction and physical metaphors are applied to arrange objects along straight lines and curves. A formative user evaluation showed promising results with regard to a productive and easy use of the tools.	Grids & guides: multi-touch layout and alignment tools	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shumin Zhai	NA	Session details: Pointing 2: Fitts law	NA	2018
Yves Guiard:Halla B. Olafsdottir:Simon T. Perrault	The widely-held view that Fitts' law expresses a speed/accuracy trade-off is presumably correct, but it is vague. We outline a simple resource-allocation theory of Fitts' law in which movement time and error trade for each other. The theory accounts quite accurately for the data of Fitts' (1954) seminal study, as well as some fresh data of our own. In both data sets we found the time/error trade-off to obey a power law. Our data, which we could analyze more thoroughly than Fitts', are consistent with a square-root function with a single adjustable constant. We suggest that the resource-allocation framework should help combine information and energy considerations to allow a more complete account of Fitts' law.	Fitt's law as an explicit time/error trade-off	NA:NA:NA	2018
Renaud Blanch:Michael Ortega	Fitts' pointing paradigm is widely used to conduct controlled experiments and to evaluate new interaction techniques enhancing target acquisition. Many of them change the behavior of the cursor according to various inputs, most notably the positions of potential targets. We propose to extend Fitts' paradigm in order to challenge those techniques with distractors (i.e., potential targets which are not the goal of the user) in a controlled manner. To reduce variability, we add a single new factor to the paradigm, the distractor density. We specify a distractors distribution, fully determined by this factor together with those of Fitts' task, aimed at reducing bias toward a specific technique. We also propose a preliminary extension of Fitts' law to take account of the sensitivity to the density of distractors as well as of the task difficulty. In an experiment, we compare five existing pointing techniques, and show that this extended protocol enables contrasted comparisons between them.	Benchmarking pointing techniques with distractors: adding a density factor to Fitts' pointing paradigm	NA:NA	2018
Jacob O. Wobbrock:Kristen Shinohara:Alex Jansen	Fitts' law (1954) characterizes pointing speed-accuracy performance as throughput, whose invariance to target distances (A) and sizes (W) is known. However, it is unknown whether throughput and Fitts' law models in general are invariant to task dimensionality (1-D vs. 2-D), whether univariate (SDx) or bivariate (SDx,y) endpoint deviation is used, whether throughput is calculated using the mean-of-means approach or the slope-inverse approach, or whether Guiard's (2009) Form - Scale experiment design is used instead of fully crossed A-W factors. We empirically investigate the confluence of these issues, finding that Fitts' law is largely invariant across 1-D and 2-D, provided that univariate endpoint deviation (SDx) is used in both, but that for 2-D pointing data, bivariate endpoint deviation (SDx,y) results in better Fitts' law models. Also, the mean-of-means throughput calculation exhibits lower variance across subjects and dimensionalities than the slope-inverse calculation. In light of these and other findings, we offer recommendations for pointing evaluations, especially in 2-D. We also offer an evaluation tool called Fitts Study to facilitate comparisons.	The effects of task dimensionality, endpoint deviation, throughput calculation, and experiment design on pointing measures and models	NA:NA:NA	2018
Regan L. Mandryk:Calvin Lough	Fitts's Law has been used extensively in HCI to describe 2D targeting; however, the controlled tasks generally used neglect aspects of real-world pointing, including how the intended use of a target affects its acquisition. We studied aiming to a target in four tasks requiring varying precision after acquisition. Our results present the first evidence that the intended use of a target affects its acquisition in terms of movement time and motion kinematics for computer aiming. Important for researchers who model 2D targeting, our results also have particular impact for HCI research that uses motion kinematics.	The effects of intended use on target acquisition	NA:NA	2018
Jacob O. Wobbrock:Alex Jansen:Kristen Shinohara	Recently, Wobbrock et al. (2008) derived a predictive model of pointing accuracy to complement Fitts' law's predictive model of pointing speed. However, their model was based on one-dimensional (1-D) horizontal movement, while applications of such a model require two dimensions (2-D). In this paper, the pointing error model is investigated for 2-D pointing in a study of 21 participants performing a time-matching task on the ISO 9241-9 ring-of-circles layout. Results show that the pointing error model holds well in 2-D. If univariate endpoint deviation (SDx) is used, regressing on N=72 observed vs. predicted error rate points yields R2=.953. If bivariate endpoint deviation (SDx,y) is used, regression yields R2=.936. For both univariate and bivariate models, the magnitudes of observed and predicted error rates are comparable.	Modeling and predicting pointing errors in two dimensions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Manfred Tscheligi	NA	Session details: Evaluation and/or design based on many users	NA	2018
Barry Brown:Stuart Reeves:Scott Sherwood	Field trials of experimental systems in the wild have developed into a standard method within HCI - testing new systems with groups of users in relatively unconstrained settings outside of the laboratory. In this paper we discuss methodological challenges in running user trials. Using a trial of trials we examined the practices of investigators and participants - documenting demand characteristics, where users adjust their behaviour to fit the expectations of those running the trial, the interdependence of how trials are run and the result they produce, and how trial results can be dependent on the insights of a subset of trial participants. We develop three strategies that researchers can use to leverage these challenges to run better trials.	Into the wild: challenges and opportunities for field trial methods	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jacki O'Neill:David Martin:Tommaso Colombino:Antonietta Grasso	In this paper we compare two departments of a public administration body carrying out similar work. In one department two sections, telephony and processing, are collocated whereas in the other they are not. We demonstrate the costs of distribution, in particular how the strictly enforced division of labour and limited visibility onto the workflow of the other section causes problems when dealing with normal, natural exceptions. The setting is one of seemingly routine bureaucratic work rather than high-skilled cooperative work, thus the impact of distribution might be considered rather surprising. We argue that a key requirement for any solution is to enable practitioners on the 'shop floor' the freedom to find elegant solutions to problems.	When a little knowledge isn't a dangerous thing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
John Zimmerman:Anthony Tomasic:Charles Garrod:Daisy Yoo:Chaya Hiruncharoenvate:Rafae Aziz:Nikhil Ravi Thiruvengadam:Yun Huang:Aaron Steinfeld	Crowd-sourcing social computing systems represent a new material for HCI designers. However, these systems are difficult to work with and to prototype, because they require a critical mass of participants to investigate social behavior. Service design is an emerging research area that focuses on how customers co-produce the services that they use, and thus it appears to be a great domain to apply this new material. To investigate this relationship, we developed Tiramisu, a transit information system where commuters share GPS traces and submit problem reports. Tiramisu processes incoming traces and generates real-time arrival time predictions for buses. We conducted a field trial with 28 participants. In this paper we report on the results and reflect on the use of field trials to evaluate crowd-sourcing prototypes and on how crowd sourcing can generate co-production between citizens and public services.	Field trial of Tiramisu: crowd-sourcing bus arrival times to spur co-design	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Phoebe Sengers	NA	Session details: Homeless users	NA	2018
Christopher A. Le Dantec:Robert G. Farrell:Jim E. Christensen:Mark Bailey:Jason B. Ellis:Wendy A. Kellogg:W. Keith Edwards	Today, commodity technologies like mobile phones - once symbols of status and wealth - have become deeply woven into social and economic participation in Western society. Despite the pervasiveness of these technologies, there remain groups who may not have extensive access to them but who are nonetheless deeply affected by their presence in everyday life. In light of this, we designed, built, and deployed a ubiquitous computing system for one such overlooked group: the staff and residents at a shelter for homeless mothers. Our system connects mobile phones, a shared display, and a Web application to help staff and residents stay connected. We report on the adoption and use of this system over the course of a 30 week deployment, discussing the substantial impact our system had on shelter life and the broader implications for such socio-technical systems that sit at the juncture of social action and organizational coordination.	Publics in practice: ubiquitous computing at a shelter for homeless mothers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jill Palzkill Woelfer:David G. Hendry	This paper reports on an investigation of how homeless young people hold themselves in relation to personal digital artifacts. Twelve participants, aged 19-29, took part in semi-structured interviews. Participants answered questions about the acquisition and disposition of personal artifacts, digital and non-digital, including mobile phones, music players, and wallets. The analysis of the interview transcripts reveals that young people often part with their digital artifacts in order to meet immediate needs, including the need to create and reciprocate goodwill. This contingent holding of personal artifacts illuminates both the ordinary and extraordinary circumstances of homelessness. The paper concludes with a discussion of constraints and implications for the design of information systems for improving the welfare of homeless young people.	Homeless young people and living with personal digital artifacts	NA:NA	2018
Jill Palzkill Woelfer:Amy Iverson:David G. Hendry:Batya Friedman:Brian T. Gill	By their pervasiveness and by being worn on our bodies, mobile phones seem to have become intrinsic to safety. To examine this proposition, 43 participants, from four stakeholder groups (homeless young people, service providers, police officers, and community members), were asked to consider how homeless young people could use mobile phones to keep safe. Participants were asked to express their knowledge for place-based safety and to envision how mobile phones might be used to improve safety. Detailed analysis of the resulting data, which included value sketches, written value scenarios, and semi-structured discussion, led to specific design opportunities, related to values (e.g., supporting trust and desire to help others), function (e.g., documenting harms for future purposes), and form (e.g., leveraging social expectations for how mobile phones can be used to influence behavior). Together, these findings bound a design space for how mobile phones can be used to manage unsafe situations.	Improving the safety of homeless young people with mobile phones: values, form and function	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeffrey Heer	NA	Session details: Visual analytics	NA	2018
Nicholas Diakopoulos:Funda Kivran-Swaine:Mor Naaman	This work explores the intersection between infographics and games by examining how to embed meaningful visual analytic interactions into game mechanics that in turn impact user behavior around a data-driven graphic. In contrast to other methods of narrative visualization, games provide an alternate method for structuring a story, not bound by a linear arrangement but still providing structure via rules, goals, and mechanics of play. We designed two different versions of a game-y infographic, Salubrious Nation, and compared them to a non-game-y version in an online experiment. We assessed the relative merits of the game-y approach of presentation in terms of exploration of the visualization, insights and learning, and enjoyment of the experience. Based on our results, we discuss some of the benefits and drawbacks of our designs. More generally, we identify challenges and opportunities for further exploration of this new design space.	Playable data: characterizing the design space of game-y infographics	NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Sedlmair:Petra Isenberg:Dominikus Baur:Michael Mauerer:Christian Pigorsch:Andreas Butz	We present Cardiogram, a visual analytics system that supports automotive engineers in debugging masses of traces each consisting of millions of recorded messages from in-car communication networks. With their increasing complexity, ensuring these safety-critical networks to be error-free has become a major task and challenge for automotive engineers. To overcome shortcomings of current analysis tools, Cardiogram combines visualization techniques with a data preprocessing approach to automatically reduce complexity based on engineers' domain knowledge. In this paper, we provide the findings from an exploratory, three-year field study within a large automotive company, studying current practices of engineers, the challenges they meet and the characteristics for integrating novel visual analytics tools into their work practices. We then introduce Cardiogram, discuss how our field analysis influenced our design decisions, and present a qualitative, long-term, in-depth evaluation. Results of this study showed that our participants successfully used Cardiogram to increase the amount of analyzable information, to externalize domain knowledge, and to provide new insights into trace data. Our design approach finally led to the adoption of Cardiogram into engineers' daily practices.	Cardiogram: visual analytics for automotive engineers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jian Zhao:Fanny Chevalier:Ravin Balakrishnan	The need for pattern discovery in long time-series data led researchers to develop interactive visualization tools and analytical algorithms for gaining insight into the data. Most of the literature on time-series data visualization either focus on a small number of tasks or a specific domain. We propose KronoMiner, a tool that embeds new interaction and visualization techniques as well as analytical capabilities for the visual exploration of time-series data. The interface's design has been iteratively refined based on feedback from expert users. Qualitative evaluation with an expert user not involved in the design process indicates that our prototype is promising for further research.	KronoMiner: using multi-foci navigation for the visual exploration of time-series data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Krist Wongsuphasawat:John Alexis Guerra Gómez:Catherine Plaisant:Taowei David Wang:Meirav Taieb-Maimon:Ben Shneiderman	Event sequence analysis is an important task in many domains: medical researchers may study the patterns of transfers within the hospital for quality control; transportation experts may study accident response logs to identify best practices. In many cases they deal with thousands of records. While previous research has focused on searching and browsing, overview tasks are often overlooked. We introduce a novel interactive visual overview of event sequences called \emph{LifeFlow}. LifeFlow is scalable, can summarize all possible sequences, and represents the temporal spacing of the events within sequences. Two case studies with healthcare and transportation domain experts are presented to illustrate the usefulness of LifeFlow. A user study with ten participants confirmed that after 15 minutes of training novice users were able to rapidly answer questions about the prevalence and temporal characteristics of sequences, find anomalies, and gain significant insight from the data.	LifeFlow: visualizing an overview of event sequences	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Siân Lindley	NA	Session details: Photo sharing	NA	2018
William Gaver:Andy Boucher:John Bowers:Mark Blythe:Nadine Jarvis:David Cameron:Tobie Kerridge:Alex Wilkie:Robert Phillips:Peter Wright	The Photostroller is a device designed for use by residents of a care home for older people. It shows a continuous slideshow of photographs retrieved from the Flickr™ image website using a set of six predefined categories modified by a tuneable degree of 'semantic drift'. In this paper, we describe the design process that led to the Photostroller, and summarise observations made during a deployment in the care home that has lasted over two months at the time of writing. We suggest that the Photostroller balances constraint with openness, and control with drift, to provide an effective resource for the ludic engagement of a diverse group of older people with each other and the world outside their home.	The photostroller: supporting diverse care home residents in engaging with the world	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Abigail Durrant:Duncan Rowland:David S. Kirk:Steve Benford:Joel E. Fischer:Derek McAuley	Automics is a photo-souvenir service which utilises mobile devices to support the capture, sharing and annotation of digital images amongst groups of visitors to theme parks. The prototype service mixes individual and group photo-capture with existing in-park, on-ride photo services, to allow users to create printed photo-stories. Herein we discuss initial fieldwork in theme parks that grounded the design of Automics, our development of the service prototype, and its real-world evaluation with theme park visitors. We relate our findings on user experience of the service to a literature on mobile photoware, finding implications for the design of souvenir services.	Automics: souvenir generating photoware for theme parks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Simon Jones:Eamonn O'Neill	In this paper we investigate how decisions made while using a granular access control mechanism for sharing photographs are influenced by contextual factors and properties relating to the identities of contacts. We develop analytical models using logistic regression to understand relationships between variables that affect sharing decisions. We also investigate how predefined, static groups for privacy control cope with the challenge of sharing large amounts of content associated with numerous different contexts, and test whether they need to be adjusted to suit particular contexts.	Contextual dynamics of group-based sharing decisions	NA:NA	2018
Andrés Lucero:Jussi Holopainen:Tero Jokela	In this paper we explore shared collocated interactions with mobile phones. We introduce a phone-based application that allows a small group of collocated people to share photos using the metaphor of passing paper photos around. The prototype encourages people to share their devices and use them interchangeably while discussing photos face-to-face. The prototype supports ad-hoc photo sharing in different contexts by taking into account the spatial arrangement of users around a table, measured with sensors embedded in their mobile phones. Our evaluations show that people are willing to share and connect their mobile phones to engage in collaborative interactions. Participants were able to easily share their collections of photos using our proposed interaction techniques.	Pass-them-around: collaborative use of mobile phones for photo sharing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mira Dontcheva	NA	Session details: Web search & usability	NA	2018
Neema Moraveji:Meredith Morris:Daniel Morris:Mary Czerwinski:Nathalie Henry Riche	We explore the use of social learning - improving knowledge skills by observing peer behavior - in the domain of Web search skill acquisition, focusing specifically on co-located classroom scenarios. Through a series of interviews, pilot studies, and classroom deployments, we conclude that a peripheral display of Web search activity within a classroom facilitates both social learning and teacher-led discourse. We present the ClassSearch system for shared awareness of Web search activity, which embodies principles gleaned from our iterative design process, and show results from a ClassSearch deployment in twelve middle-school classroom sessions. Finally, we highlight design suggestions and opportunities for future work while taxonomizing the space of co-located search pedagogies.	ClassSearch: facilitating the development of web search skills through social learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nikhil Sharma	Making sense of a topic often involves appropriating information and organizing themes from various existing resources. We studied how sensemakers appropriated from available online resources as well as artifacts provided by another person directly. We found that both available and provided resources affect sensemaking activities. Sensemakers added more structure in their work when online resources were easily available, but added less structure and information when they were provided relevant sensemaking artifacts from another person. We also studied how early and mature artifacts provided by another person were appropriated differently and found that mature artifacts were rated better and used more but resulted in lesser structure and information being added by the recipient. These findings have implications for the support of sensemaking activities using resources available online as well as artifacts provided by others including co-workers and friends.	Role of available and provided resources in sensemaking	NA	2018
Adam Fourney:Richard Mann:Michael Terry	People routinely rely on Internet search engines to support their use of interactive systems: they issue queries to learn how to accomplish tasks, troubleshoot problems, and otherwise educate themselves on products. Given this common behavior, we argue that search query logs can usefully augment traditional usability methods by revealing the primary tasks and needs of a product's user population. We term this use of search query logs CUTS - characterizing usability through search. In this paper, we introduce CUTS and describe an automated process for harvesting, ordering, labeling, filtering, and grouping search queries related to a given product. Importantly, this data set can be assembled in minutes, is timely, has a high degree of ecological validity, and is arguably less prone to self-selection bias than data gathered via traditional usability methods. We demonstrate the utility of this approach by applying it to a number of popular software and hardware systems.	Characterizing the usability of interactive applications through query log analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Thomas Fritz:Gail C. Murphy	Finding relevant information within the vast amount of information exchanged via feeds is difficult. Previous research into this problem has largely focused on recommending relevant information based on topicality. By not considering individual and situational factors these approaches fall short. Through a formative, interview-based study, we explored how five software developers determined relevancy of items in two kinds of project news feeds. We identified four factors that the developers used to help determine relevancy and found that placement of items in source code and team contexts can ease the determination of relevancy.	Determining relevancy: how software developers determine relevant information in feeds	NA:NA	2018
Haimo Zhang:Shengdong Zhao	Browsing the web has been shown to be a highly recurrent activity. Aimed to optimize the browsing experience, extensive previous research has been carried out on users' revisitation behavior. However, the conventional definition for revisitation, which only considers page loading activities by monitoring http requests initiated by the browser, largely underestimates users' intended revisitation activities with tabbed browsers. Thus, we introduce a goal-oriented definition and a refined revisitation measurement based on page viewings in tabbed browsers. An empirical analysis of statistics taken from a client-side log study showed that although the overall revisitation rate remained relatively constant, tabbed browsing has introduced new behaviors warrant future investigations.	Measuring web page revisitation in tabbed browsing	NA:NA	2018
Erik Stolterman	NA	Session details: Performing arts	NA	2018
Celine Latulipe:Erin A. Carroll:Danielle Lottridge	The integration of interactive technology with temporal art such as dance is an exciting, emerging area. The design space for such collaborations is immense, with variations in sensors, visualizations, and how these interact with dancers and choreography. This paper presents the evaluation methodology and results of Dance.Draw, a longitudinal project spanning two years and three productions, which aimed to develop a deep, interdisciplinary understanding of this space. Given that this is pioneering work, there is little guidance on how to evaluate such collaborations. We describe the significant confounds in doing evaluation in this area, and we present our evolving mixed-methods approach, which includes two unique methods to address the multiple stakeholders in a holistic manner: dancer focus groups and repeated presentations. Our approach has generated insights, such as differing perspectives of audience members and the responses of dancers to technological variables. We conclude by discussing the challenges and successes of our evaluation approach.	Evaluating longitudinal projects combining technology with temporal arts	NA:NA:NA	2018
Celine Latulipe:Erin A. Carroll:Danielle Lottridge	Understanding audience responses to art and performance is a challenge. New sensors are promising for measurement of implicit and explicit audience engagement. However, the meaning of biometric data, and its relationship to engagement, is unclear. We conceptually explore the audience engagement domain to uncover opportunities and challenges in the assessment and interpretation of audience engagement data. We developed a display that linked performance videos with audience biometric data and presented it to 7 performing arts experts, to explore the measurement, interpretation and application of biometric data. Experts were intrigued by the response data and reflective in interpreting it. We deepened our inquiry with an empirical study with 49 participants who watched a video of a dance performance. We related temporal galvanic skin response (GSR) data to two self-report scales, which provided insights on interpreting this measure. Our findings, which include strong correlations, support the interpretation of GSR as a valid representation of audience engagement.	Love, hate, arousal and engagement: exploring audience responses to performing arts	NA:NA:NA	2018
Robyn Taylor:Guy Schofield:John Shearer:Jayne Wallace:Peter Wright:Pierre Boulanger:Patrick Olivier	We present an experience-based approach to designing a collaborative interactive performance, humanaquarium. Our research explores public interaction with digital technology through the practice-based inquiry of an inter-disciplinary team of interaction designers and musicians. We present a method of designing experience from within, literally situating ourselves within the performance/use space and assuming the roles both of performers and of designers as we develop and refine the humanaquarium project over the course of a year's worth of public performances.	Designing from within: humanaquarium	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Amy Bruckman	NA	Session details: Collaboration & creativity	NA	2018
Justin Cranshaw:Aniket Kittur	Although science is becoming increasingly collaborative, there are remarkably few success stories of online collaborations between professional scientists that actually result in real discoveries. A notable exception is the Polymath Project, a group of mathematicians who collaborate online to solve open mathematics problems. We provide an in-depth descriptive history of Polymath, using data analysis and visualization to elucidate the principles that led to its success, and the difficulties that must be addressed before the project can be scaled up. We find that although a small percentage of users created most of the content, almost all users nevertheless contributed some content that was highly influential to the task at hand. We also find that leadership played an important role in the success of the project. Based on our analysis, we present a set of design suggestions for how future collaborative mathematics sites can encourage and foster newcomer participation.	The polymath project: lessons from a successful online collaboration in mathematics	NA:NA	2018
Cecilia R. Aragon:Alison Williams	The study of creativity has received significant attention over the past century, with a recent increase in interest in collaborative, distributed creativity. We posit that creativity in distributed groups is fostered by software interfaces that specifically enable socio-emotional or affective communication. However, previous work on creativity and affect has primarily focused on the individual, while group creativity research has concentrated more on cognition rather than affect. In this paper we propose a new model for creativity in distributed groups, based on the theory of groups as complex systems, that includes affect as well as cognition and that explicitly calls out the interface between individuals as a key parameter of the model. We describe the model, the four stages of collaborative creativity and the causal dynamics in each stage, and demonstrate how affect and interface can facilitate the generation, selection, and amplification of ideas in the various stages of collaborative creativity. We then validate our model with data from three field sites. The data was collected from longitudinal studies of two distributed groups involved in producing creative products--astrophysicists studying supernovae and the expansion rate of the universe and children creating multimedia programming projects online-"-and interviews with staff in a multinational engineering company.	Collaborative creativity: a complex systems model with distributed affect	NA:NA	2018
Yla R. Tausczik:James W. Pennebaker	There are two perspectives on the role of reputation in collaborative online projects such as Wikipedia or Yahoo! Answers. One, user reputation should be minimized in order to increase the number of contributions from a wide user base. Two, user reputation should be used as a heuristic to identify and promote high quality contributions. The current study examined how offline and online reputations of contributors affect perceived quality in MathOverflow, an online community with 3470 active users. On MathOverflow, users post high-level mathematics questions and answers. Community members also rate the quality of the questions and answers. This study is unique in being able to measure offline reputation of users. Both offline and online reputations were consistently and independently related to the perceived quality of authors' submissions, and there was only a moderate correlation between established offline and newly developed online reputation.	Predicting the perceived quality of online mathematics contributions from users' reputations	NA:NA	2018
Elizabeth Churchill	NA	Session details: Wireless networks	NA	2018
Marshini Chetty:David Haslem:Andrew Baird:Ugochi Ofoha:Bethany Sumner:Rebecca Grinter	With widespread broadband adoption, more households report experiencing sub-optimal speeds. Not only are slow speeds frustrating, they may indicate consumers are not receiving the services they are paying for from their internet service providers. Yet, determining the speed and source of slow-downs is difficult because few tools exist for broadband management. We report on results of a field trial with 10 households using a visual network probe designed to address these problems. We describe the results of the study and provide design implications for future tools. More importantly, we argue that tools like this can educate and empower consumers by making broadband speeds and sources of slow-downs more visible.	Why is my internet slow?: making network speeds visible	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Juan David Hincapié Ramos:Aurélien Tabard:Jakob E. Bardram	The success of a volunteer computing infrastructure depends on the contributions of its users. An example of such an infrastructure is the Mini-Grid, a local peer-to-peer system used for computational analysis of DNA. The speed of analysis increases as more users join the Mini-Grid. However, the invisible nature of such an infrastructure hinders adoption, as it is difficult for users to participate in an infrastructure they are not aware of. This paper introduces GridOrbit, a system designed to increase user awareness, fostering contributions to this infrastructure. We designed GridOrbit using a participatory design process with biologists, and subsequently deployed it for use in a biology laboratory. Our results indicate that the number of contributors to the Mini-Grid increased with the use of awareness technologies. In addition, our analysis presents their motives and behaviors. Finally, a characterization of user interaction with GridOrbit emerged, which enabled us to understand how awareness systems can be better designed. We see GridOrbit as an example of a broader class of technologies designed to create "Infrastructure Awareness" as a means to increase the contributions to technological infrastructures.	GridOrbit: an infrastructure awareness system for increasing contribution in volunteer computing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ming Ki Chong:Hans Gellersen	In a wireless world, users can establish connections between devices spontaneously, and unhampered by cables. However, in the absence of cables, what is the natural interaction to connect one device with another? A wide range of device association techniques have been demonstrated, but it has remained an open question what actions users would spontaneously choose for device association. We contribute a study eliciting device association actions from non-technical users without premeditation. Over 700 user-defined actions were collected for 37 different device combinations. We present a classification of user-defined actions, and observations of the users' rationale. Our findings indicate that there is no single most spontaneous action; instead five prominent categories of user-defined actions were found.	How users associate wireless devices	NA:NA	2018
Kristina Höök	NA	Session details: Storytelling & perceptual crossing	NA	2018
Fei Lu:Feng Tian:Yingying Jiang:Xiang Cao:Wencan Luo:Guang Li:Xiaolong Zhang:Guozhong Dai:Hongan Wang	With the fast economic growth and urbanization of many developing countries come concerns that their children now have fewer opportunities to express creativity and develop collaboration skills, or to experience their local cultural heritage. We propose to address these concerns by creating technologies inspired by traditional arts, and allowing children to create and collaborate through playing with them. ShadowStory is our first attempt in this direction, a digital storytelling system inspired by traditional Chinese shadow puppetry. We present the design and implementation of ShadowStory and a 7-day field trial in a primary school. Findings illustrated that ShadowStory promoted creativity, collaboration, and intimacy with traditional culture among children, as well as interleaved children's digital and physical playing experience.	ShadowStory: creative and collaborative digital storytelling inspired by cultural heritage	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eva Deckers:Stephan Wensveen:Rene Ahn:Kees Overbeeke	In this paper we describe our research on how to design for perceptive activity in artifacts in order for perceptual crossing between subject and artifact to happen. We base our research on the phenomenology of perception [19] and on ecological psychology [10]. Perceptual crossing is believed to be essential to share perception and thereby to feel involved in the situation [5,15]. We propose a theoretical model in which perceptive connections between user, artifact and event are presented. We designed an artifact to function as physical hypotheses [9] and show the design relevance of the model. In an experiment we investigate how the user's feeling of involvement is influenced in relation to differentiations of the proposed theoretical model. The results of our experiment show that indeed perceptual crossing between user and artifact influences the user's feeling of involvement with the artifact in their common space. We conclude with describing several design notions important for designing for perceptive activity in artifacts.	Designing for perceptual crossing to improve user involvement	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alex Mitchell:Kevin McGee	The paper investigates the limits of what authors can vary procedurally to encourage and reward rereadability in procedural hypertext fiction. Exploring these issues raises a methodological challenge: how do we study re-reading in the context of stories that change? We have developed an adapted form of the Piagetan clinical interview to do this. Using this approach, we have determined that readers, surprisingly, do not want to experience endless variation when rereading interactive stories. Instead, they are looking for some form of closure, either in terms of "understanding the story", reaching the "best ending" for the characters in the story, or finding the "most interesting" version of the story. This has implications for the design/authoring of interactive stories and interactive art and entertainment.	Limits of rereadability in procedural interactive stories	NA:NA	2018
Leysia Palen	NA	Session details: Emergency response & scheduling	NA	2018
Sebastian Denef:David Keyson:Reinhard Oppermann	Providing firefighters working on the frontline of interventions with ubiquitous computing support remains an open challenge. Designing meaningful solutions for this complex work environment requires reflective thought and conceptual understanding of its social configuration. This paper presents organizing patterns of firefighting frontline practice as a means to inform ubiquitous computing design processes. The patterns originate from a qualitative analysis of an extensive range of user studies conducted with French and German firefighters. As the patterns show, firefighting on the frontline is based on a rigid structure that gains its flexibility through independent units whose safety is ensured by a number of monitoring activities. We conclude that the interaction between the presented patterns forms a balanced whole and needs to be recognized by ubiquitous computing design.	Rigid structures, independent units, monitoring: organizing patterns in frontline firefighting	NA:NA:NA	2018
Zachary O. Toups:Andruid Kerne:William A. Hamilton:Nabeel Shahzad	Fire emergency responders rely on team coordination to survive and succeed in high-stress environments, but traditional education does not directly teach these essential skills. Prior simulations seek the highest possible fidelity, employing resources to capture concrete characteristics of operating environments. We take a different tack, hypothesizing that a zero-fidelity approach, focusing on human-centered aspects of work practice, will improve team coordination learning. Such an approach promotes simulation focus by developing an alternative environment that stimulates participants to engage in distributed cognition. The costs of simulation development are reduced. To supplement preparation for burn training exercises, 28 fire emergency response students played the Teaching Team Coordination game (T2eC), a zero-fidelity simulation of the distributed cognition of fire emergency response work practice. To test our hypothesis, we develop quantitative evaluation methods for impact on team coordination learning through measures of communication efficiency and cooperative activity. Results show that participants improve cooperation, become more efficient communicators, differentiate team roles through communication, and leverage multiple communication modalities. Given the context of the study amidst the educational process, qualitative data from the students and their expert instructor supports the ecological validity of the contribution of the T2eC zero-fidelity simulation to fire emergency response education.	Zero-fidelity simulation of fire emergency response: improving team coordination learning	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Reed Martin:Henry Holtzman	If everyone says time is relative, why is it still so rigidly defined? There have been many attempts to address the issue of coordinating schedules, but each of these attempts runs into an issue of rigidity: in order to negotiate an event, a specific time must be designated in advance. This model is inherently poor at accommodating life's unpredictability. Kairoscope looks at time from a human perspective, focusing on time as made up of a series of events, rather than simply a series of events in time. By removing our reliance on a fixed time system, events are coordinated socially and on the fly, without worrying about precision. This paper explores the creation of Kairoscope, rooted in ideas of time perception and aiming to reduce time-related stress, optimize time usage, and increase social interaction. The result is a socially-coordinated, constantly adapting, and highly malleable guide through time.	Kairoscope: managing time perception and scheduling through social event coordination	NA:NA	2018
Maria Francesca Costabile	NA	Session details: Learning	NA	2018
Conor Linehan:Ben Kirman:Shaun Lawson:Gail Chan	There has recently been a great deal of interest in the potential of computer games to function as innovative educational tools. However, there is very little evidence of games fulfilling that potential. Indeed, the process of merging the disparate goals of education and games design appears problematic, and there are currently no practical guidelines for how to do so in a coherent manner. In this paper, we describe the successful, empirically validated teaching methods developed by behavioural psychologists and point out how they are uniquely suited to take advantage of the benefits that games offer to education. We conclude by proposing some practical steps for designing educational games, based on the techniques of Applied Behaviour Analysis. It is intended that this paper can both focus educational games designers on the features of games that are genuinely useful for education, and also introduce a successful form of teaching that this audience may not yet be familiar with.	Practical, appropriate, empirically-validated guidelines for designing educational games	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Howison:Dragan Trninic:Daniel Reinholz:Dor Abrahamson	We introduce an embodied-interaction instructional design, the Mathematical Imagery Trainer (MIT), for helping young students develop grounded understanding of proportional equivalence (e.g., 2/3 = 4/6). Taking advantage of the low-cost availability of hand-motion tracking provided by the Nintendo Wii remote, the MIT applies cognitive-science findings that mathematical concepts are grounded in mental simulation of dynamic imagery, which is acquired through perceiving, planning, and performing actions with the body. We describe our rationale for and implementation of the MIT through a design-based research approach and report on clinical interviews with twenty-two 4th-6th grade students who engaged in problem-solving tasks with the MIT.	The mathematical imagery trainer: from embodied interaction to conceptual learning	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Scott Hudson	NA	Session details: Time/animations	NA	2018
Chris Harrison:Gary Hsieh:Karl D.D. Willis:Jodi Forlizzi:Scott E. Hudson	Icons in graphical user interfaces convey information in a mostly universal fashion that allows users to immediately interact with new applications, systems and devices. In this paper, we define Kineticons - an iconographic scheme based on motion. By motion, we mean geometric manipulations applied to a graphical element over time (e.g., scale, rotation, deformation). In contrast to static graphical icons and icons with animated graphics, kineticons do not alter the visual content or "pixel-space" of an element. Although kineticons are not new - indeed, they are seen in several popular systems - we formalize their scope and utility. One powerful quality is their ability to be applied to GUI elements of varying size and shape from a something as small as a close button, to something as large as dialog box or even the entire desktop. This allows a suite of system-wide kinetic behaviors to be reused for a variety of uses. Part of our contribution is an initial kineticon vocabulary, which we evaluated in a 200 participant study. We conclude with discussion of our results and design recommendations.	Kineticons: using iconographic motion in graphical user interface design	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pierre Dragicevic:Anastasia Bezerianos:Waqas Javed:Niklas Elmqvist:Jean-Daniel Fekete	Animated transitions are popular in many visual applications but they can be difficult to follow, especially when many objects move at the same time. One informal design guideline for creating effective animated transitions has long been the use of slow-in/slow-out pacing, but no empirical data exist to support this practice. We remedy this by studying object tracking performance under different conditions of temporal distortion, i.e., constant speed transitions, slow-in/slow-out, fast-in/fast-out, and an adaptive technique that slows down the visually complex parts of the animation. Slow-in/slow-out outperformed other techniques, but we saw technique differences depending on the type of visual transition.	Temporal distortion for animated transitions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Karon MacLean	NA	Session details: Touch 1: tactile & haptics	NA	2018
Ali Israr:Ivan Poupyrev	Tactile Brush is an algorithm that produces smooth, two-dimensional tactile moving strokes with varying frequency, intensity, velocity and direction of motion. The design of the algorithm is derived from the results of psychophysical investigations of two tactile illusions -- apparent tactile mo-tion and phantom sensations. Combined together they allow for the design of high-density two-dimensional tactile displays using sparse vibrotactile arrays. In a series of experiments and evaluations we demonstrate that Tactile Brush is robust and can reliably generate a wide variety of moving tactile sensations for a broad range of applications.	Tactile brush: drawing on skin with a tactile grid display	NA:NA	2018
Mayuree Srikulwong:Eamonn O'Neill	Wearable tactile navigation displays may provide an alternative or complement to mobile visual navigation displays. Landmark information may provide a useful complement to directional information for navigation, however, there has been no reported use of landmark information in tactile navigation displays. We report a study that compared two tactile display techniques for landmark representation using one or two actuators respectively. The single-actuator technique generated different vibration patterns on a single actuator to represent different landmarks. The dual-actuator technique generated a single vibration pattern using two simultaneous actuators and different pairs of actuators around the body represented different landmarks. We compared the two techniques on four measures: distinguishability, learnability, short term memorability and user preference. Results showed that users performed equally well when either technique was used to represent landmarks alone. However, when landmark representations were presented together with directional signals, performance with the single-actuator technique was significantly reduced while performance with the dual-actuator technique remained unchanged.	A comparative study of tactile representation techniques for landmarks on a wearable device	NA:NA	2018
Da-jung Kim:Youn-kyung Lim	Statistical graphics on the web such as a tag cloud visually represent statistical data which are generated by website users. While sighted people can scan the latest information through the dynamic changes of statistical graphics, blind people, who cannot perceive them, lose opportunities to keep up to date in this quickly-changing society. In order to enable blind people to experience socially-generated statistical graphics, we propose a new assistive device, namely, Handscope, which translates statistical graphics on websites into simple height changes of its haptic pole. We conducted a two-phase user study with blind people in order to test its usability and explore its effects on the quality of blind users' web experiences. The results show the meaningful contribution of Handscope in extending the area of blind people's web experiences.	Handscope: enabling blind people to experience statistical graphics on websites through haptics	NA:NA	2018
Daniel Ashbrook:Patrick Baudisch:Sean White	We present Nenya, a new input device in the shape of a finger ring. Nenya provides an input mechanism that is always available, fast to access, and allows analog input, while remaining socially acceptable by being embodied in commonly worn items. Users make selections by twisting the ring and "click" by sliding it along the finger. The ring - the size of a regular wedding band - is magnetic, and is tracked by a wrist-worn sensor. Nenya's tiny size, eyes-free usability, and physical form indistinguishable from a regular ring make its use subtle and socially acceptable. We present two user studies (one- and two-handed) in which we studied sighted and eyes-free use, finding that even with no visual feedback users were able to select from eight targets.	Nenya: subtle and eyes-free mobile input with a magnetically-tracked finger ring	NA:NA:NA	2018
Francis Iannacci:Erik Turnquist:Daniel Avrahami:Shwetak N. Patel	We present the Haptic Laser, a system for providing a range of tactile sensations to represent a physical environment at-a-distance. The Haptic Laser is a handheld device that simulates interaction with physical surfaces as a user targets objects of interest (e.g., a light switch, TV, etc). Using simple computer vision techniques for scene analysis and laser range finding for calculating distance, the Haptic Laser extracts information about the physical environment and conveys it haptically through a collection of hardware actuators. Pointing the Haptic Laser around a room, for example, presents the user with information about the presence of objects, transitions, and edges through touch rather than, or in addition to, vision. The Haptic Laser extends current work on haptic touch screens and pens, and is designed to allow for haptic feedback from a distance using multiple feedback channels.	The haptic laser: multi-sensation tactile feedback for at-a-distance physical space perception and interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Akash Badshah:Sidhant Gupta:Gabe Cohn:Nicolas Villar:Steve Hodges:Shwetak N. Patel	We present Interactive Generator (InGen), a self-powered wireless rotary input device capable of generating haptic or force feedback without the need for any external power source. Our approach uses a modified servomotor to perform three functions: (1) generating power for wireless communication and embedded electronics, (2) sensing the direction and speed of rotation, and (3) providing force feedback during rotation. While InGen is rotating, the device is capable of providing the sensation of detents or bumps, changes in stiffness, and abrupt stops using only power that is harvested during interaction. We describe the device in detail, demonstrate an initial 'TV remote control' application, and end with a discussion of our experiences developing the prototype and application. To the best of our knowledge, InGen is the first self-powered device, which also provides haptic feedback during operation. More broadly, this work demonstrates a new class of input sys-tems that uses human-generated power to provide feedback to the user and wirelessly communicate sensed information.	Interactive generator: a self-powered haptic feedback device	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Keith Edwards	NA	Session details: Security (systems)	NA	2018
Eiji Hayashi:Jason Hong:Nicolas Christin	While a large body of research on image-based authentication has focused on memorability, comparatively less attention has been paid to the new security challenges these schemes may introduce. Because images can convey more information than text, image-based authentication may be more vulnerable to educated guess attacks than passwords. In this paper, we evaluate the resilience of a recognition-based graphical authentication scheme using distorted images against two types of educated guess attacks through two user studies. The first study, consisting of 30 participants, investigates whether distortion prevents educated guess attacks primarily based on information about individual users. The second study, using Amazon Mechanical Turk, investigates whether distortion mitigates the risk of educated guess attacks based on collective information about users. Our results show that authentication images without distortion are vulnerable to educated guess attacks, especially when information about the target is known, and that distortion makes authentication images more resilient against educated guess attacks.	Security through a different kind of obscurity: evaluating distortion in graphical authentication schemes	NA:NA:NA	2018
Robert W. Reeder:Lujo Bauer:Lorrie F. Cranor:Michael K. Reiter:Kami Vaniea	In access-control systems, policy rules conflict when they prescribe different decisions (allow or deny) for the same access. We present the results of a user study that demonstrates the significant impact of conflict-resolution method on policy-authoring usability. In our study of 54 participants, varying the conflict-resolution method yielded statistically significant differences in accuracy in five of the six tasks we tested, including differences in accuracy rates of up to 78%. Our results suggest that a conflict-resolution method favoring rules of smaller scope over rules of larger scope is more usable than the Microsoft Windows operating system's method of favoring deny rules over allow rules. Perhaps more importantly, our results demonstrate that even seemingly small changes to a system's semantics can fundamentally affect the system's usability in ways that are beyond the power of user interfaces to correct.	More than skin deep: measuring effects of the underlying model on access-control system usability	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eric Lin:Saul Greenberg:Eileah Trotter:David Ma:John Aycock	Phishers are fraudsters that mimic legitimate websites to steal user's credenfitial information and exploit that information for identity theft and other criminal activities. Various anti-phishing techniques attempt to mitigate such attacks. Domain highlighting is one such approach recently incorporated by several popular web browsers. The idea is simple: the domain name of an address is highlighted in the address bar, so that users can inspect it to determine a web site's legitimacy. Our research asks a basic question: how well does domain highlighting work? To answer this, we showed 22 participants 16 web pages typical of those targeted for phishing attacks, where participants had to determine the page's legitimacy. In the first round, they judged the page's legitimacy by whatever means they chose. In the second round, they were directed specifically to look at the address bar. We found that participants fell into 3 types in terms of how they determined the legitimacy of a web page; while domain highlighting was somewhat effective for one user type, it was much less effective for others. We conclude that domain highlighting, while providing some benefit, cannot be relied upon as the sole method to prevent phishing attacks.	Does domain highlighting help people identify phishing sites?	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michelle L. Mazurek:Peter F. Klemperer:Richard Shay:Hassan Takabi:Lujo Bauer:Lorrie Faith Cranor	As users store and share more digital content at home, access control becomes increasingly important. One promising approach for helping non-expert users create accurate access policies is reactive policy creation, in which users can update their policy dynamically in response to access requests that would not otherwise succeed. An earlier study suggested reactive policy creation might be a good fit for file access control at home. To test this, we conducted an experience-sampling study in which participants used a simulated reactive access-control system for a week. Our results bolster the case for reactive policy creation as one mode by which home users specify access-control policy. We found both quantitative and qualitative evidence of dynamic, situational policies that are hard to implement using traditional models but that reactive policy creation can facilitate. While we found some clear disadvantages to the reactive model, they do not seem insurmountable.	Exploring reactive access control	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gregory Abowd	NA	Session details: Home automation	NA	2018
Matthew L. Lee:Anind K. Dey	Older adults often struggle with maintaining self-aware of their ability to carry out everyday activities important for independence. Unobtrusive sensors embedded in the home can monitor how older adults interact with objects around the home and can provide objective accounts of behaviors to support self-awareness. In this paper, we describe the design and four month deployment of a prototype sensing system that tracks medication taking and phone use in the homes of two older adults. We describe two case studies on 1) how they engaged with the data by looking for and explaining their own anomalous behaviors and 2) how they used the sensor data to reflect on their actions and their own self-awareness of their abilities to remain independent. Finally, we propose recommendations for the design of home sensing systems that support awareness of functional abilities for older adults using reflection.	Reflecting on pills and phone use: supporting awareness of functional abilities for older adults	NA:NA	2018
Marilyn Rose McGee-Lennon:Maria Klara Wolters:Stephen Brewster	While there has been a lot of research on the usability of reminders and alarms in the work context, the home has been somewhat neglected despite the importance of reminder systems for telecare and assistive living systems. We conducted a comprehensive mixed-methods study into the requirements for useable and acceptable reminders in the home. The study consisted of a questionnaire (N=379), 6 focus groups, and 7 home tour interviews. Our results highlight the need for highly flexible and contextualized multimodal and multi-device reminder solutions that build on existing successful strategies for remembering in and around the home. We suggest that developers of home care reminder systems should design for diversity, context, priorities, autonomy, shared spaces, and optimal care.	User-centred multimodal reminders for assistive living	NA:NA:NA	2018
A.J. Bernheim Brush:Bongshin Lee:Ratul Mahajan:Sharad Agarwal:Stefan Saroiu:Colin Dixon	Visions of smart homes have long caught the attention of researchers and considerable effort has been put toward enabling home automation. However, these technologies have not been widely adopted despite being available for over three decades. To gain insight into this state of affairs, we conducted semi-structured home visits to 14 households with home automation. The long term experience, both positive and negative, of the households we interviewed illustrates four barriers that need to be addressed before home automation becomes amenable to broader adoption. These barriers are high cost of ownership, inflexibility, poor manageability, and difficulty achieving security. Our findings also provide several directions for further research, which include eliminating the need for structural changes for installing home automation, providing users with simple security primitives that they can confidently configure, and enabling composition of home devices.	Home automation in the wild: challenges and opportunities	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eli Blevis	NA	Session details: Sustainability 1	NA	2018
Sunyoung Kim:Christine Robson:Thomas Zimmerman:Jeffrey Pierce:Eben M. Haber	Citizen science projects can collect a wealth of scientific data, but that data is only helpful if it is actually used. While previous citizen science research has mostly focused on designing effective capture interfaces and incentive mechanisms, in this paper we explore the application of HCI methods to ensure that the data itself is useful. To provide a focus for this exploration we designed and implemented Creek Watch, an iPhone application and website that allow volunteers to report information about waterways in order to aid water management programs. Working with state and local officials and private groups involved in water monitoring, we conducted a series of contextual inquiries to uncover what data they wanted, what data they could immediately use, and how to most effectively deliver that data to them. We iteratively developed the Creek Watch application and website based on our findings and conducted evaluations of it with both contributors and consumers of water data, including scientists at the city water resources department. Our study reveals that the data collected is indeed useful for their existing practices and is already in use in water and trash management programs. Our results suggest the application of HCI methods to design the data for the end users is just as important as their use in designing the user interface.	Creek watch: pairing usefulness and usability for successful citizen science	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yolande A.A. Strengers	Eco-feedback systems currently frame householders as micro-resource managers, who weigh up the costs and benefits of their consumption, and make autonomous, rational and efficient decisions. Reporting on findings from a qualitative study of three Australian energy and water eco-feedback programs utilising an in-home display (IHD) system, this paper challenges this view. The research finds that householders consume energy and water to carry out everyday practices, such as showering, laundering and cooling, which are mediated by social, cultural, technical and institutional dynamics. The paper proposes an alternative design paradigm for eco-feedback systems premised on the realities of everyday life and identifies several design directions that emerge from this new starting point.	Designing eco-feedback systems for everyday life	NA	2018
Silvia Gabrielli:Alessandra Sabatino:Jesus Munoz:Michele Marchesoni:Oscar Mayora	Recent years have seen a growing interest for the study of feedback interfaces to support behavior change in different research areas, from personal healthcare and wellbeing, to energy saving and proenvironmental sustainability. While HCI design has been primarily inspired by behavior change models that best fit individual change, less attention has been deserved to test their validity in the context of collective behavior change, where interdependencies between people's choices and behaviors matter, as in the shared use of limited resources or public goods. We discuss some relevant directions to fill this gap, based on the iterative design of BeeParking, a feedback display aimed to induce more cooperative use of a parking facility within a work environment.	BeeParking: feedback interfaces for collective behavior change	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kimiko Ryokai:Lora Oehlberg:Michael Manoochehri:Alice Agogino	We present GreenHat, an interactive mobile learning application that helps students learn about biodiversity and sustainability issues in their surroundings from experts' points of view, before participating in unfamiliar debates about their familiar surroundings. Using the interactive location-sensitive map and video on a smart phone, GreenHat simulates how experts go about making observations in the field and encourages students to actively observe their environment. We present our design process, our initial prototype, report the results from our preliminary evaluation, and discuss ongoing work.	GreenHat: exploring the natural environment through experts' perspectives	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeffrey Nichols	NA	Session details: Mobile issues	NA	2018
Sukeshini A. Grandhi:Richard Schuler:Quentin (Gad) Jones	Current cell phone designs are limited by the information a caller can provide to the receiver at the time of a call. As a result callers are handicapped in effectively negotiating interaction commitment from the receiver, and perhaps more importantly, receivers are unable to make informed call handling decisions. To examine the nature of this information gap we 1) developed Telling Calls, a mobile phone application which allows users to provide and receive information such as what the call is about and the circumstances of the caller under which it is being made, and 2) conducted a qualitative field study (36 users) and a quantitative field study (30 users) of Telling Calls use. Together these studies provide insights on how additional caller generated information shared at the time of call handling effectively improves the process of negotiating interaction commitment, and establishing common ground.	Telling calls: facilitating mobile phone conversation grounding and management	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tsung-Hsiang Chang:Yang Li	A user task often spans multiple heterogeneous devices, e.g., working on a PC in the office and continuing the work on a laptop or a mobile phone while commuting on a shuttle. However, there is a lack of support for users to easily migrate their tasks across devices. To address this problem, we created Deep Shot, a framework for capturing the user's work state that is needed for a task (e.g., the specific part of a webpage being viewed) and resuming it on a different device. In particular, Deep Shot supports two novel and intuitive interaction techniques, deep shooting and deep posting, for pulling and pushing work states, respectively, using a mobile phone camera. In addition, Deep Shot provides a concise API for developers to leverage its services and make their application states migratable. We demonstrated that Deep Shot can be used to support a range of everyday tasks migrating across devices. An evaluation consisting of a series of experiments showed that our framework and techniques are feasible.	Deep shot: a framework for migrating tasks across devices using mobile phone cameras	NA:NA	2018
Yolanda Vazquez-Alvarez:Stephen A. Brewster	As mobile devices increase in functionality, users perform more tasks when on the move. Spatial audio interfaces offer a solution for eyes-free interaction. However, such interfaces face a number of challenges when supporting multiple and simultaneous tasks, namely: 1) interference amongst multiple audio streams, and 2) the constraints of cognitive load. We present a comparative study of spatial audio techniques evaluated in a divided- and selective-attention task. A podcast was used for high cognitive load (divided-attention) and classical music for low cognitive load (selective-attention), while interacting with an audio menu. Results showed that spatial audio techniques were preferred when cognitive load was kept low, while a baseline technique using an interruptible single audio stream was significantly less preferred. Conversely, when cognitive load was increased the preferences reversed. Thus, given an appropriate task structure, spatial techniques offer a means of designing effective audio interfaces to support eyes-free mobile multitasking.	Eyes-free multitasking: the effect of cognitive load on mobile spatial audio interfaces	NA:NA	2018
Shelly Farnham	NA	Session details: Website & application design	NA	2018
Andrew J. Ko:Xing Zhang	While usability methods such as user studies and inspections can reveal a wide range of problems, they do so for only a subset of an application's features and states. We present FeedLack, a tool that explores the full range of web applications' behaviors for one class of usability problems, namely that of missing feedback. It does this by enumerating control flow paths originating from user input, identifying paths that lack output-affecting code. FeedLack was applied to 330 applications; of the 129 that contained input handlers and did not contain syntax errors, 115 were successfully analyzed, resulting in 647 warnings. Of these 36% were missing crucial feedback; 34% were executable and missing feedback, but followed conventions that made feedback inessential; 18% were scenarios that did produce feedback; 12% could not be executed. We end with a discussion of the viability of FeedLack as a usability testing tool.	Feedlack detects missing feedback in web applications	NA:NA	2018
Xiao Dong:F. Maxwell Harper:Joseph A. Konstan	The ability to embed links to other resources in user generated content can help authors create more useful and usable content. A variety of interfaces have emerged for entity-linking at popular online sites; such interfaces vary in the way that entity linking is initiated (in-band or out-of-band with respect to the message creation), the timing of entity resolution (interrupting or deferred), and the method of resolving the entity (auto-completion or search). Four interfaces mimicking popular entity linking websites were developed and tested. Results showed that out-of-band initiation (e.g., a link button) was faster to learn, but that in-band initiation performance improved with familiarity. Deferred search was disliked and led to worse performance. And auto-completion was generally preferred to search interfaces.	Entity-linking interfaces in user-contributed content: preference and performance	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ranjitha Kumar:Jerry O. Talton:Salman Ahmad:Scott R. Klemmer	The Web provides a corpus of design examples unparalleled in human history. However, leveraging existing designs to produce new pages is often difficult. This paper introduces the Bricolage algorithm for transferring design and content between Web pages. Bricolage employs a novel, structured-prediction technique that learns to create coherent mappings between pages by training on human-generated exemplars. The produced mappings are then used to automatically transfer the content from one page into the style and layout of another. We show that Bricolage can learn to accurately reproduce human page mappings, and that it provides a general, efficient, and automatic technique for retargeting content between a variety of real Web pages.	Bricolage: example-based retargeting for web design	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Björn Hartmann:Mark Dhillon:Matthew K. Chan	Programmers frequently use the Web while writing code: they search for libraries, code examples, tutorials, and documentation. This link between code and visited Web pages remains implicit today. Connecting source code and browsing histories might help programmers maintain con-text, reduce the cost of Web page re-retrieval, and enhance understanding when code is shared. This note introduces HyperSource, an IDE augmentation that associates browsing histories with source code edits. HyperSource comprises a browser extension that logs visited pages; an IDE that tracks user activity and maps pages to code edits; a source document model that tracks visited pages at a character level; and a user interface that enables interaction with these histories. We discuss relevance heuristics and privacy issues inherent in this approach. Informal log analyses and user feedback suggest that our annotation model is promising for code editing and might also apply to other document authoring tasks after refinement.	HyperSource: bridging the gap between source and code-related web sites	NA:NA:NA	2018
Craig S. Miller	When creating a taxonomy for information architecture, practitioners or design participants typically work with a sample of content items to form categories that allow users to successfully navigate to desired information, commands, or items. In order to examine how sample selection affects the coverage of the desired taxonomy, computer simulations were conducted that models the process of sample selection. The simulations reveal how the number of categories, the distribution of items in the taxonomy and the method of selection affect the coverage of a sample at various sizes.	Item sampling for information architecture	NA	2018
Elizabeth Buie	NA	Session details: New approaches to usability	NA	2018
Jeff Sauro:James R. Lewis	When designing questionnaires there is a tradition of including items with both positive and negative wording to minimize acquiescence and extreme response biases. Two disadvantages of this approach are respondents accidentally agreeing with negative items (mistakes) and researchers forgetting to reverse the scales (miscoding). The original System Usability Scale (SUS) and an all positively worded version were administered in two experiments (n=161 and n=213) across eleven websites. There was no evidence for differences in the response biases between the different versions. A review of 27 SUS datasets found 3 (11%) were miscoded by researchers and 21 out of 158 questionnaires (13%) contained mistakes from users. We found no evidence that the purported advantages of including negative and positive items in usability questionnaires outweigh the disadvantages of mistakes and miscoding. It is recommended that researchers using the standard SUS verify the proper coding of scores and include procedural steps to ensure error-free completion of the SUS by users. Researchers can use the all positive version with confidence because respondents are less likely to make mistakes when responding, researchers are less likely to make errors in coding, and the scores will be similar to the standard SUS.	When designing usability questionnaires, does it hurt to be positive?	NA:NA	2018
Kapil Chalil Madathil:Joel S. Greenstein	This study proposes a new methodology for conducting synchronous remote usability studies using a three-dimensional virtual usability testing laboratory built using the Open Wonderland toolkit. This virtual laboratory method is then compared with two other commonly used synchronous usability test methods: the traditional lab approach and WebEx, a web-based conferencing and screen sharing approach. A study was conducted with 48 participants in total, 36 test participants and 12 test facilitators. The test participants completed 5 tasks on a simulated e-commerce website. The three methodologies were compared with respect to the following dependent variables: the time taken to complete the tasks; the usability defects identified; the severity of these usability defects; and the subjective ratings from NASA-TLX, presence and post-test subjective questionnaires. The three methodologies agreed closely in terms of the total number defects identified, number of high severity defects identified and the time taken to complete the tasks. However, there was a significant difference in the workload experienced by the test participants and facilitators, with the traditional lab condition imposing the least and the virtual lab and the WebEx conditions imposing similar levels. It was also found that the test participants experienced greater involvement and a more immersive experience in the virtual world condition than the WebEx condition. These ratings were not significantly different from those in the traditional lab condition. The results of this study suggest that participants were productive and enjoyed the virtual lab condition, indicating the potential of a virtual world based approach as an alternative to the conventional approaches for synchronous usability testing.	Synchronous remote usability testing: a new approach facilitated by virtual worlds	NA:NA	2018
Andrew Sears:Vicki Hanson	The need to study representative users is widely accepted within the human-computer interaction (HCI) community. While exceptions exist, and alternative populations are sometimes studied, virtually any introduction to the process of designing user interfaces will discuss the importance of understanding the intended users as well as the significant impact individual differences can have on how effectively individuals can use various technologies. HCI researchers are expected to provide relevant demographics regarding study participants as well as information about experience using similar technologies. Yet, in the field of accessibility we continue to see studies that do not appropriately include representative users. Highlighting ways to remedy this multifaceted problem, we argue that expectations regarding how accessibility research is conducted and reported must be raised if this field is to have the desired impact with regard to inclusive design, the information technologies studied, and the lives of the individuals being studied.	Representing users in accessibility research	NA:NA	2018
Ann Light	This study of personal transformation is offered as HCI increasingly seeks to change behavior with persuasive products. Performance-derived improvisation methods were used to inspire a sense of agency with ICT in people marginalized from digital design. A case study of an older person's experience shows the techniques supporting her to reconceive her response to technology. In particular, we analyze how using a "prop" as a design artifact allows her to imagine new possibilities and take a more assertive role.	Democratising technology: making transformation using designing, performance and props	NA	2018
Parmit K. Chilana:Andrew J. Ko:Jacob O. Wobbrock:Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice	Despite the growing research on usability in the pre-development phase, we know little about post-deployment usability activities. To characterize these activities, we surveyed 333 full-time usability professionals and consultants working in large and small corporations from a wide range of industries. Our results show that, as a whole, usability professionals are currently not playing a substantial role in the post-deployment phase compared to other phases of user-centered design, but when they do, practitioners find their interactions quite valuable. We highlight opportunities in HCI research and practice to bridge this gap by working more closely with software support and maintenance teams. We also raise the need to understand what might be called 'usability maintenance,' that is, the process and procedures, by which usability is maintained after deployment.	Post-deployment usability: a survey of current practices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chen Zhao	NA	Session details: Design Methods	NA	2018
Tara Matthews:Steve Whittaker:Thomas Moran:Sandra Yuen	The success of social computing has generated a host of workplace collaboration tools. However, adoption of these tools by entire groups is a major problem. One reason for the adoption problem is a lack of methods for considering collaborative groups in technology design. Even when designing collaboration tools, designers often employ methods that focus on individuals. This leads to tools that are not well targeted at the groups who will use them. To solve this problem, we propose the notion of collaboration personas, which are empirically derived descriptions of hypothetical groups, including details that inform the design of collaboration tools. Collaboration personas differ from individual personas in having (1) multiple, inter-related individuals playing specific roles; (2) a focus on collective goals and elaboration of individual goals that affect the collective goal; and (3) new attributes that characterize collaborative aspects of the group's work. We contrast collaboration personas with other design approaches and provide examples of how they can be used to design new collaborative tools that better meet the needs of typical groups.	Collaboration personas: a new approach to designing workplace collaboration tools	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Elizabeth Goodman:Daniela Rosner	From home improvement to scrapbooking, leisure activities performed "by hand" increasingly involve digital tools. In turn, software and devices to support handwork are proliferating. We use data from an observational field study of gardening and knitting to examine relationships to information technology. Handwork experiences of patience, effort, sensation, and cleverness can shift with the introduction of new tools. Our participants' attachment to these experiences made them sensitive to the potential consequences of introducing new tools. Digital tools were sometimes rejected and other times woven into handwork activities. In response, we propose three metaphors for handwork practice - extending, interjecting, and segmenting - as a resource for moving beyond the binary opposition of digital and physical practices.	From garments to gardens: negotiating material relationships online and 'by hand'	NA:NA	2018
Shamal Faily:Ivan Flechais	Personas are a popular technique in User-Centered Design, however their validity can be called into question. While the techniques used to developed personas and their integration with other design activities provide some measure of validity, a persona's legitimacy can be threatened by challenging its characteristics. This note presents Persona Cases: personas whose characteristics are both grounded in, and traceable to their originating source of empirical data. This approach builds on the premise that sense-making in qualitative data analysis is an argumentative activity, and aligns concepts associated with a Grounded Theory analysis with recent work on arguing the characteristics of personas. We illustrate this approach using a case study in the Critical Infrastructure Protection domain.	Persona cases: a technique for grounding personas	NA:NA	2018
Eric P.S. Baumer:M. Six Silberman	As HCI is applied in increasingly diverse contexts, it is important to consider situations in which computational or information technologies may be less appropriate. This paper presents a series of questions that can help researchers, designers, and practitioners articulate a technology's appropriateness or inappropriateness. Use of these questions is demonstrated via examples from the literature. The paper concludes with specific arguments for improving the conduct of HCI. This paper provides a means for understanding and articulating the limits of HCI technologies, an important but heretofore under-explored contribution to the field.	When the implication is not to design (technology)	NA:NA	2018
Joanna McGrenere	NA	Session details: Decision making & the web	NA	2018
Michael Toomim:Travis Kriplean:Claus Pörtner:James Landay	The success of a computer system depends upon a user choosing it, but the field of Human-Computer Interaction has little ability to predict this user choice. We present a new method that measures user choice, and quantifies it as a measure of utility. Our method has two core features. First, it introduces an economic definition of utility, one that we can operationalize through economic experiments. Second, we employ a novel method of crowdsourcing that enables the collection of thousands of economic judgments from real users.	Utility of human-computer interactions: toward a science of preference measurement	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stelios Lelis:Andrew Howes	In this paper we investigate how people use online rating information to inform decision making. We examine whether a theory of searching for information to discriminate between alternative choices can explain behavior, and we contrast it to the normative theory. Partly in accord with the theory, findings from a controlled experiment suggest that in an environment dominated by positive reviews, such as the World-Wide Web, people gather more information for the best alternative under consideration, and they take more time to inspect reviews of lower rating. We discuss the theoretical and experimental implications, and propose a bounded optimal account of the way in which people acquire information in service of decision making.	Informing decisions: how people use online rating information to make choices	NA:NA	2018
Heather Richter Lipford	NA	Session details: Security (social)	NA	2018
Serge Egelman:Andrew Oates:Shriram Krishnamurthi	We performed a study of Facebook users to examine how they coped with limitations of the Facebook privacy settings interface. Students graduating and joining the workforce create significant problems for all but the most basic privacy settings on social networking websites. We therefore created realistic scenarios exploiting work/play boundaries that required users to specify access control policies that were impossible due to various limitations. We examined whether users were aware of these problems without being prompted, and once given feedback, what their coping strategies were. Overall, we found that simply alerting participants to potential errors was ineffective, but when choices were also presented, participants introduced significantly fewer errors. Based on our findings, we designed a privacy settings interface based on Venn diagrams, which we validated with a usability study. We conclude that this interface may be more effective than the current privacy settings interface.	Oops, I did it again: mitigating repeated access control errors on facebook	NA:NA:NA	2018
Prashanth Ayyavu:Carlos Jensen	Tools aimed at helping users safely navigate the web and safeguard themselves against potential online predators have become reasonably common. Currently there are two families of tools; heuristics analysis tools that test websites directly using automated scripts and programs, and community based tools where users rate websites and write reviews for the benefit of others. In this paper we examine the relative strengths and weaknesses of each technique, whether these techniques are compatible, and how community feedback can be combined with heuristic-based evaluations. In order to do this we conduct a large-scale comparison of the ratings of heuristic and community based tools, and explore novel methods for abstracting key information from user comments, which could be used to add context and nuance to heuristic based ratings. We find that heuristic and community based ratings are highly complementary, and can be combined to potentially guide users to make more informed decisions.	Integrating user feedback with heuristic security and privacy management systems	NA:NA	2018
Ersin Uzun:Nitesh Saxena:Arun Kumar	When users wish to establish wireless radio communication between/among their devices, the channel has to be bootstrapped first. The process of setting up a secure communication channel between two previously unassociated devices is referred to as "Secure Device Pairing". The focus of prior research on this topic has mostly been limited to "personal pairing" scenarios, whereby a single user controls both the devices. In this paper, we instead consider "social pairing" scenarios, whereby two different users establish pairing between their respective devices. We present a comprehensive study to identify methods suitable for social pairing, and comparatively evaluate the usability and security of these methods. Our results identify methods best-suited for users, in terms of efficiency, error-tolerance and of course, usability. Our work provides insights on the applicability and usability of methods for emerging social pairing scenarios, a topic largely ignored so far.	Pairing devices for social interactions: a comparative usability evaluation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Niels Raabjerg Mathiasen:Susanne Bødker	Security is experienced differently in different contexts. This paper argues that in everyday situations, users base their security decisions on a mix of prior experiences. When approaching security and interaction design from an experience approach, tools that help bring out such relevant experiences for design are needed. This paper reports on how Prompted exploration workshops and Acting out security were developed to target such experiences when iteratively designing a mobile digital signature solution in a participatory design process. We discuss how these tools helped the design process and illustrate how the tangibility of such tools matters. We further demonstrate how the approach grants access to non-trivial insights into people's security experience. We point out how the specific context is essential for exploring the space between experience and expectations, and we illustrate how people activate their collections of security experiences rather than deploying one security strategy in all situations.	Experiencing security in interaction design	NA:NA	2018
Zach Toups	NA	Session details: Games	NA	2018
Ann Morrison:Stephen Viller:Peta Mitchell	In this paper we introduce and discuss the nature of free-play in the context of three open-ended interactive art installation works. We observe the interaction work of situated free-play of the participants in these environments and, building on precedent work, devise a set of sensitising terms derived both from the literature and from what we observe from participants interacting there. These sensitising terms act as guides and are designed to be used by those who experience, evaluate or report on open-ended interactive art. That is, we propose these terms as a common-ground language to be used by participants communicating while in the art work to describe their experience, by researchers in the various stages of research process (observation, coding activity, analysis, reporting, and publication), and by inter-disciplinary researchers working across the fields of HCI and art. This work builds a foundation for understanding the relationship between free-play, open-ended environments, and interactive installations and contributes sensitising terms useful for the HCI community for discussion and analysis of open-ended interactive art works.	Building sensitising terms to understand free-play in open-ended interactive art environments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Joseph J. LaViola, Jr.:Tad Litwiller	We present a study that investigates user performance benefits of 3D stereo in modern video games. Based on an analysis of several video games that are best suited for use with commercial 3D stereo drivers and vision systems, we chose five modern titles focusing on racing, first and third person shooter, and sports game genres. For each game, quantitative and qualitative measures were taken to determine if users performed better and learned faster in the experimental group (3D stereo display) than in the control group (2D display). A game experience pre-questionnaire was used to classify participants into beginner, intermediate, and advanced gameplay categories to ensure prior game experience did not bias the experiment. Our results indicate that although participants preferred playing in 3D stereo for the games we tested, it does not provide any significant advantage in overall user performance. In addition, users' learning rates were comparable in the 3D stereo display and 2D display cases.	Evaluating the benefits of 3d stereo in modern video games	NA:NA	2018
Scott Bateman:Regan L. Mandryk:Tadeusz Stach:Carl Gutwin	In games where skills such as targeting are critical to winning, it is difficult for players with different skill levels to have a competitive and engaging experience. Although several mechanisms for accommodating different skill levels have been proposed, traditional approaches can be too obvious and can change the nature of the game. For games involving aiming, we propose the use of target assistance techniques (such as area cursors, target gravity, and sticky targets) to accommodate skill imbalances. We compared three techniques in a study, and found that area cursors and target gravity significantly reduced score differential in a shooting-gallery game. Further, less skilled players reported having more fun when the techniques helped them be more competitive, and even after they learned assistance was given, felt that this form of balancing was good for group gameplay. Our results show that target assistance techniques can make target-based games more competitive for shared play.	Target assistance for subtly balancing competitive play	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ben Medler:Michael John:Jeff Lane	Game analytics is a domain that focuses on the systems and methods used to analyze game-related data. In this paper we present how a visual game analytic tool can be developed to analyze player gameplay behavior. Our tool, Data Cracker, was built for monitoring gameplay in Dead Space 2, the latest game in the Dead Space franchise. We use Data Cracker as a case study to inform a larger discussion of designing a visual game analytic tool while working with a game team. Our design approach focuses on increasing the data literacy of a game team. This means getting an entire team interested and involved with game analytics. We found that building our tool during the early game development cycle, creating multiple early visual prototypes and branding the tool to the Dead Space team caused more team members to become interested in our tool. Increasing interest in analytics is also a means, we argue, for changing the common occurrence within the game industry to disband teams after a game is released. Instead, we promote the creation of "live" teams which stay attached to a game long after it is release in order to continue the analysis process. Additionally, we discuss the barriers one might face when developing game analytic tools, such as prejudice against analytics or the technical issues involved when collecting large data sets. All of these examples are presented as insights we gained while coupling analytic tool design to game development.	Data cracker: developing a visual game analytic tool for analyzing online gameplay	NA:NA:NA	2018
Thomas Erickson	NA	Session details: Sustainability 2	NA	2018
Stacey Kuznetsov:George Davis:Jian Cheung:Eric Paulos	Our work explores the convergence between participatory sensing, political activism and public expressions. Unlike prior research, which focuses on personal sensing, we present low-cost, networked air quality sensors, designed to be repositioned across public landscapes by communities of citizen stakeholders. Our GPS-enabled sensors report dust, exhaust, or VOC's (volatile organic compounds), along with temperature, humidity and light levels to a website that visualizes this data in real time. The sensors can be attached to a variety of surfaces serving as research probes to demarcate ('tag') public spaces with environmental concerns. We deploy our fully functional system with four urban communities - parents, bicyclists, homeless and activists, positioning our system as a tool for studying and supporting community togetherness and public activism. Our findings highlight community sharing of the physical sensors and dialogues surrounding the collected data.	Ceci n'est pas une pipe bombe: authoring urban landscapes with air quality sensors	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
James Pierce:Eric Paulos	We present a qualitative study of reacquisition-the acquisition of previously possessed goods-involving in-depth interviews with 18 reacquirers within or nearby Pittsburgh, PA, USA. Based on critiques of sustainable consumption and our findings, we reframe technology consumption as acquisition, possession, dispossession and reacquisition. We present four reacquisition orientations describing our participants' motivations and practices: casual, necessary, critical, and experiential. We then present a range of findings including issues with work, time and effort involved in reacquisition, and values and practices of care and patience associated with invested reacquirers. We conclude with implications for designing technologies to support current reacquisition practices, as well as broader opportunities for HCI and interaction design to incorporate non-mainstream reacquisition practices and values into more mainstream technologies.	Second-hand interactions: investigating reacquisition and dispossession practices around domestic objects	NA:NA	2018
Sunyoung Kim:Eric Paulos	E-waste is a generic term embracing various forms of electric and electronic equipment that is loosely discarded, surplus, obsolete, or broken [27]. When e-waste is improperly discarded as trash, there are predictable negative impacts on the environment and human health. Existing e-waste solutions range from designing for reuse to fabricating with eco-friendly decomposable materials to more radical critiques of current practices surrounding capitalism and consumerism. Complementary to theses efforts, this paper presents an accessible reuse framework that encourages creativity while maintaining personal ownership of e-waste. Through a series of online surveys of existing personal e-waste stockpiling behaviors combined with observational studies of existing reuse practices, we developed a design reuse vocabulary: materials, shapes, and operations to enable wide ranging and creative reuse of obsolete electronics by everyday people. We operationalized this vocabulary and evaluated its legibility and usefulness. As a result, we derived a novel reuse composition framework: reuse as-is, remake, and remanufacture designed to be accessible and to have broader impact in encouraging creative reuse across a wide range of e-waste types beyond those specifically used in our study. We believe these frameworks will be a catalyst for the creative reuse of e-waste.	Practices in the creative reuse of e-waste	NA:NA	2018
James Pierce:Eric Paulos	This paper investigates the philosophical question of how we can experience energy with the aim of informing the design of future ways of experiencing energy by means of technology. Four human-technology relations formulated by philosopher of technology Don Ihde are presented. Each is then developed in the context of electrical interactive technologies. In conclusion these human-electricity and human-technology relations are employed in order to interpret current work related to energy and sustainability within HCI and point to future work in these areas.	A phenomenology of human-electricity relations	NA:NA	2018
Lars Erik Holmquist	NA	Session details: Location sharing	NA	2018
Janne Lindqvist:Justin Cranshaw:Jason Wiese:Jason Hong:John Zimmerman	There have been many location sharing systems developed over the past two decades, and only recently have they started to be adopted by consumers. In this paper, we present the results of three studies focusing on the foursquare check-in system. We conducted interviews and two surveys to understand, both qualitatively and quantitatively, how and why people use location sharing applications, as well as how they manage their privacy. We also document surprising uses of foursquare, and discuss implications for design of mobile social services.	I'm the mayor of my house: examining why people use foursquare - a social-driven location sharing application	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Clara Mancini:Yvonne Rogers:Keerthi Thomas:Adam N. Joinson:Blaine A. Price:Arosha K. Bandara:Lukasz Jedrzejczyk:Bashar Nuseibeh	A growing body of research has been exploring the use of control mechanisms to address the privacy concerns raised by location-tracking technology. We report on a qualitative study of two family groups who used a custom-built tracking application for an extended period of time. Akin to sociological breaching experiments, the study focuses on the interferences between location tracking and relationship management. We analyze the tensions that can arise between affordances of the technology and uses that the contracts between family members legitimize. We describe how, by fostering misperceptions and 'nudging' behaviors, location-tracking technology can generate anxieties and conflicts even in close relationships. We discuss their vulnerability to the overreaching effects of tracking, against which the use of mechanisms such as location-sharing preferences and feedback may not be socially viable.	In the best families: tracking and relationships	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Dearman:Timothy Sohn:Khai N. Truong	A rich cognitive map of a space can enhance the individual's experience within the space. However, cognitive maps develop gradually through repeated experience; and because of this, on-demand mobile search services (e.g., Google Maps, Yelp) are often used to compensate for missing knowledge. In this work, we developed and evaluated a context-aware place discovery application called Opportunities Exist to assist in the acquisition of spatial knowledge and meaning. The application differs from traditional search in that places are discovered using an activity (e.g., drink coffee, sit in the sun) and the discovery process runs continuously, maintaining a history of places the user can perform her activities as she goes about her day. We conducted a 4-week deployment in two North American cities. The results show that users were able to discover new places to perform their activities in familiar spaces and learned to associate new activities with familiar places. In addition, participants leveraged the application to perform activities opportunistically, and used continuous place discovery as an opportunistic reminder of routines they wanted to break out of or resume.	Opportunities exist: continuous discovery of places to perform activities	NA:NA:NA	2018
Minna Pakanen:Jussi Huhtala:Jonna Häkkilä	Location sharing applications are becoming increasingly popular in social media and for use on mobile devices, yet little research has focused on their user interface design. In this paper we describe our method of charting and creating comparable designs, and present a survey-based study of 106 social media users on their preferences regarding location indicators. Our paper contributes in proposing a methodology for visual element evaluation purposes, and reveals results, e.g., that users preferred simple indicators such as points or pins for their own location, and friend location indicators to include the corresponding name.	Location visualization in social media applications	NA:NA:NA	2018
Patrick Gage Kelley:Michael Benisch:Lorrie Faith Cranor:Norman Sadeh	As smartphones and other mobile computing devices have increased in ubiquity, advertisers have begun to realize a more effective way of targeting users and a promising area for revenue growth: location-based advertising. This trend brings to bear new questions about whether or not users will adopt products involving this potentially invasive form of advertising and what sorts of protections they should be given. Our real-world user study of 27 participants echoes earlier findings that users have significant privacy concerns regarding sharing their locations with advertisers. However, we examine these concerns in more detail and find that they are complex (e.g., relating not only to the quantity of ads, but the locations and times at which they are received). With advanced privacy settings, users stated they would feel more comfortable and share more information than with a simple opt-in/opt-out mechanism.	When are users comfortable sharing locations with advertisers?	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel Wigdor	NA	Session details: Text entry & typing	NA	2018
Leah Findlater:Jacob O. Wobbrock:Daniel Wigdor	Touch screen surfaces large enough for ten-finger input have become increasingly popular, yet typing on touch screens pales in comparison to physical keyboards. We examine typing patterns that emerge when expert users of physical keyboards touch-type on a flat surface. Our aim is to inform future designs of touch screen keyboards, with the ultimate goal of supporting touch-typing with limited tactile feedback. To study the issues inherent to flat-glass typing, we asked 20 expert typists to enter text under three conditions: (1) with no visual keyboard and no feedback on input errors, then (2) with and (3) without a visual keyboard, but with some feedback. We analyzed touch contact points and hand contours, looking at attributes such as natural finger positioning, the spread of hits among individual keys, and the pattern of non-finger touches. We also show that expert typists exhibit spatially consistent key press distributions within an individual, which provides evidence that eyes-free touch-typing may be possible on touch surfaces and points to the role of personalization in such a solution. We conclude with implications for design.	Typing on flat glass: examining ten-finger expert typing patterns on touch surfaces	NA:NA:NA	2018
Adam J. Sporka:Torsten Felzer:Sri H. Kurniawan:Ondřej Poláček:Paul Haiduk:I. Scott MacKenzie	This paper introduces a text entry application for users with physical disabilities who cannot utilize a manual keyboard. The system allows the user to enter text hands-free, with the help of "Non-verbal Vocal Input" (e.g., humming or whistling). To keep the number of input sounds small, an ambiguous keyboard is used. As the user makes a sequence of sounds, each representing a subset of the alphabet, the program searches for matches in a dictionary. As a model for the system, the scanning-based application QANTI was redesigned and adapted to accept the alternative input signals. The usability of the software was investigated in an international longitudinal study done at locations in the Czech Republic, Germany, and the United States. Eight test users were recruited from the target community. The users differed in the level of speech impairment. Three users did not complete the study due to the severity of their impairment. By the end of the experiment, the users were able to enter text at rates between 10 and 15 characters per minute.	CHANTI: predictive text entry using non-verbal vocal input	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tao Ni:Doug Bowman:Chris North	In this paper, we explore the opportunity of bringing unistroke text entry to freehand gesture interfaces. Using existing text entry methods directly in such interfaces is impractical because of the differences between freehand gestures and traditional forms of input. To address this problem, we consider the design constraints of text entry methods using freehand gestures, and present AirStroke, a new technique based on a reengineering of the well-known unistroke technique Graffiti. Using Graffiti's alphabet, AirStroke takes advantage of the richer input capabilities of two-handed freehand gestures by providing combined mode selection and character entry with one hand, as well as word completion with the other hand. A longitudinal study suggests that AirStroke has competitive speed and accuracy to unistroke methods based on stylus input.	AirStroke: bringing unistroke text entry to freehand gesture interfaces	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tim Paek:Bo-June (Paul) Hsu	Text entry experiments evaluating the effectiveness of various input techniques often employ a procedure whereby users are prompted with natural language phrases which they are instructed to enter as stimuli. For experimental validity, it is desirable to control the stimuli and present text that is representative of a target task, domain or language. MacKenzie and Soukoreff (2001) manually selected a set of 500 phrases for text entry experiments. To demonstrate representativeness, they correlated the distribution of single letters in their phrase set to a relatively small (by current standards) corpus of English prior to 1966, which may not reflect the style of text input today. In this paper, we ground the notion of representativeness in terms of information theory and propose a procedure for sampling representative phrases from any large corpus so that researchers can curate their own stimuli. We then describe the characteristics of phrase sets we generated using the procedure for email and social media (Facebook and Twitter). The phrase sets and code for the procedure are publicly available for download.	Sampling representative phrase sets for text entry experiments: a procedure and public resource	NA:NA	2018
Kelly Booth	NA	Session details: Touch 2: tactile & targets	NA	2018
Vincent Levesque:Louise Oram:Karon MacLean:Andy Cockburn:Nicholas D. Marchuk:Dan Johnson:J. Edward Colgate:Michael A. Peshkin	Touch interactions have refreshed some of the 'glowing enthusiasm' of thirty years ago for direct manipulation interfaces. However, today's touch technologies, whose interactions are supported by graphics, sounds or crude clicks, have a tactile sameness and gaps in usability. We use a Large Area Tactile Pattern Display (LATPaD) to examine design possibilities and outcomes when touch interactions are enhanced with variable surface friction. In a series of four studies, we first confirm that variable friction gives significant performance advantages in low-level targeting activities. We then explore the design space of variable friction interface controls and assess user reactions. Most importantly, we demonstrate that variable friction can have a positive impact on the enjoyment, engagement and sense of realism experienced by users of touch interfaces.	Enhancing physicality in touch interaction with programmable friction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Géry Casiez:Nicolas Roussel:Romuald Vanbelleghem:Frédéric Giraud	We present Surfpad, a pointing facilitation technique that does not decrease target distance or increase target width in either control or display space. This new technique operates instead in the tactile domain by taking advantage of the ability to alter a touchpad's coefficient of friction by means of a squeeze film effect. We report on three experiments comparing Surfpad to the Semantic Pointing technique and constant control-display gain with and without distractor targets. Our results clearly show the limits of traditional target-aware control-display gain adaptation in the latter case, and the benefits of our tactile approach in both cases. Surfpad leads to a performance improvement close to 9% compared to unassisted pointing at small targets with no distractor. It is also robust to high distractor densities, keeping an average performance improvement of nearly 10% while Semantic Pointing can degrade up to 100%. Our results also suggest the performance improvement is caused by tactile information feedback rather than mechanical causes, and that the feedback is more effective when friction is increased on targets using a simple step function.	Surfpad: riding towards targets on a squeeze film effect	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christian Holz:Patrick Baudisch	Current touch devices, such as capacitive touchscreens are based on the implicit assumption that users acquire targets with the center of the contact area between finger and device. Findings from our previous work indicate, however, that such devices are subject to systematic error offsets. This suggests that the underlying assumption is most likely wrong. In this paper, we therefore revisit this assumption. In a series of three user studies, we find evidence that the features that users align with the target are visual features. These features are located on the top of the user's fingers, not at the bottom, as assumed by traditional devices. We present the projected center model, under which error offsets drop to 1.6mm, compared to 4mm for the traditional model. This suggests that the new model is indeed a good approximation of how users conceptualize touch input. The primary contribution of this paper is to help understand touch-one of the key input technologies in human-computer interaction. At the same time, our findings inform the design of future touch input technology. They explain the inaccuracy of traditional touch devices as a -Sparallax- artifact between user control based on the top of the finger and sensing based on the bottom side of the finger. We conclude that certain camera-based sensing technologies can inherently be more accurate than contact area-based sensing.	Understanding touch	NA:NA	2018
Xiaojun Bi:Tovi Grossman:Justin Matejka:George Fitzmaurice	Despite the prominence of multi-touch technologies, there has been little work investigating its integration into the desktop environment. Bringing multi-touch into desktop computing would give users an additional input channel to leverage, enriching the current interaction paradigm dominated by a mouse and keyboard. We provide two main contributions in this domain. First, we describe the results from a study we performed, which systematically evaluates the various potential regions within the traditional desktop configuration that could become multi-touch enabled. The study sheds light on good or bad regions for multi-touch, and also the type of input most appropriate for each of these regions. Second, guided by the results from our study, we explore the design space of multi-touch-integrated desktop experiences. A set of new interaction techniques are coherently integrated into a desktop prototype, called Magic Desk, demonstrating potential uses for multi-touch enabled desktop configurations.	Magic desk: bringing multi-touch surfaces into desktop work	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rob Miller	NA	Session details: Methods to aid & structure design	NA	2018
Dorrit Billman:Lucia Arsintescucu:Michael Feary:Jessica Lee:Asha Smith:Rachna Tiwary	We investigated the role of domain structure, in designing for software usefulness and usability. We ran through the whole application development cycle, in miniature, from needs analysis through design, implementation, and evaluation, for planning needs of one NASA Mission Control group. Based on our needs analysis, we developed prototype software that matched domain structure better than did the legacy system. We compared our new prototype to the legacy application in a laboratory, high-fidelity analog of the natural planning work. We found large performance differences favoring the prototype, which better captured domain structure. Our research illustrates the importance of needs analysis (particularly Domain Structure Analysis), and the viability of the design process that we are exploring.	Benefits of matching domain structure for planning software: the right stuff	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tilde Bekker:Alissa N. Antle	There is a wealth of theoretical knowledge about the developmental abilities and skills of children. However, this knowledge is not readily accessible to designers of interactive products. In this paper, we present the requirements, design and evaluation of developmentally situated design (DSD) cards. DSD cards are a design tool that makes age specific information about children's developing cognitive, physical, social, and emotional abilities readily accessible for designers. Initial requirements were elicited through interviews with design practitioners and students. The cards were evaluated through a design-in-use study in which design students used the cards to address three different design problems. Our analysis of observational notes and post-design interviews revealed how the cards' characteristics enabled different kinds of uses including framing, orienting, inspiring, informing, integrating and constraining. We conclude with a discussion of possible refinements and an analysis of the strengths and weaknesses of our approach.	Developmentally situated design (DSD): making theoretical knowledge accessible to designers of children's technology	NA:NA	2018
Eirik Bakke:David Karger:Rob Miller	A key feature of relational database applications is managing \emph{plural} relationships---one-to-many and many-to-many---between entities. However, since it is often infeasible to adopt or develop a new database application for any given schema at hand, information workers instead turn to spreadsheets, which lend themselves poorly to schemas requiring multiple related entity sets. In this paper, we propose to reduce the cost-usability gap between spreadsheets and tailor-made relational database applications by extending the spreadsheet paradigm to let the user establish relationships between rows in related worksheets as well as view and navigate the hierarchical cell structure that arises as a result. We present Related Worksheets, a spreadsheet-like prototype application, and evaluate it with a screencast-based user study on 36 Mechanical Turk workers. First-time users of our software were able to solve lookup-type query tasks with the same or higher accuracy as subjects using Microsoft Excel, in one case 40% faster on average.	A spreadsheet-based user interface for managing plural relationships in structured data	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shunsuke Suzuki:Victoria Bellotti:Nick Yee:Bonnie E. John:Yusuke Nakao:Toshiyuki Asahi:Shin'ichi Fukuzumi	We studied the extent to which time-on-task is correlated with perception of usability for people who are familiar with a phone model and for those who are not. Our controlled experiment, conducted in Japan, correlated subjective usability assessments with time-on-task for expert and novice users on three different mobile phone models. We found that the correlation between perceived usability and time-on-task is stronger when participants are more familiar with the phone model. While not significant when initially inspecting a new phone model, a negative correlation between time-on-task and perceived usability becomes significant with as little as an hour's time doing tasks on the unfamiliar phone. This suggests that designing the UI to make time-on-task as short as possible may not have much effect on the purchase decision, but as experience increases, it may increase the loyalty of existing users.	Variation in importance of time-on-task with familiarity with mobile phone models	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chris Harrison	NA	Session details: Touch 3: sensing	NA	2018
Graham Wilson:Martin Halvey:Stephen A. Brewster:Stephen A. Hughes	Thermal stimulation is a rich, emotive and salient feedback channel that is well suited to HCI, but one that is yet to be fully investigated. Thermal feedback may be suited to environments that are too loud for audio or too bumpy for vibrotactile feedback. This paper presents two studies into how well users could detect hot and cold stimuli presented to the fingertips, the palm, the dorsal surface of the forearm and the dorsal surface of the upper arm. Evaluations were carried out in static and mobile settings. Results showed that the palm is most sensitive, cold is more perceivable and comfortable than warm and that stronger and faster-changing stimuli are more detectable but less comfortable. Guidelines for the design of thermal feedback are outlined, with attention paid to perceptual and hedonic factors.	Some like it hot: thermal feedback for mobile devices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eric Larson:Gabe Cohn:Sidhant Gupta:Xiaofeng Ren:Beverly Harrison:Dieter Fox:Shwetak Patel	We present HeatWave, a system that uses digital thermal imaging cameras to detect, track, and support user interaction on arbitrary surfaces. Thermal sensing has had limited examination in the HCI research community and is generally under-explored outside of law enforcement and energy auditing applications. We examine the role of thermal imaging as a new sensing solution for enhancing user surface interaction. In particular, we demonstrate how thermal imaging in combination with existing computer vision techniques can make segmentation and detection of routine interaction techniques possible in real-time, and can be used to complement or simplify algorithms for traditional RGB and depth cameras. Example interactions include (1) distinguishing hovering above a surface from touch events, (2) shape-based gestures similar to ink strokes, (3) pressure based gestures, and (4) multi-finger gestures. We close by discussing the practicality of thermal sensing for naturalistic user interaction and opportunities for future work.	HeatWave: thermal imaging for surface user interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Simon Rogers:John Williamson:Craig Stewart:Roderick Murray-Smith	We present a finger-tracking system for touch-based interaction which can track 3D finger angle in addition to position, using low-resolution conventional capacitive sensors, therefore compensating for the inaccuracy due to pose variation in conventional touch systems. Probabilistic inference about the pose of the finger is carried out in real-time using a particle filter; this results in an efficient and robust pose estimator which also gives appropriate uncertainty estimates. We show empirically that tracking the full pose of the finger results in greater accuracy in pointing tasks with small targets than competitive techniques. Our model can detect and cope with different finger sizes and the use of either fingers or thumbs, bringing a significant potential for improvement in one-handed interaction with touch devices. In addition to the gain in accuracy we also give examples of how this technique could open up the space of novel interactions.	AnglePose: robust, precise capacitive touch tracking via 3d orientation estimation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xing-Dong Yang:Tovi Grossman:Pourang Irani:George Fitzmaurice	Although touch-screen laptops are increasing in popularity, users still do not comfortably rely on touch in these environments, as current software interfaces were not designed for being used by the finger. In this paper, we first demonstrate the benefits of using touch as a complementary input modality along with the keyboard and mouse or touchpad in a laptop setting. To alleviate the frustration users experience with touch, we then design two techniques, TouchCuts, a single target expansion technique, and ,i>TouchZoom,/i>, a multiple target expansion technique. Both techniques facilitate the selection of small icons, by detecting the finger proximity above the display surface, and expanding the target as the finger approaches. In a controlled evaluation, we show that our techniques improve performance in comparison to both the computer mouse and a baseline touch-based target acquisition technique. We conclude by discussing other application scenarios that our techniques support.	TouchCuts and TouchZoom: enhanced target selection for touch displays using finger proximity sensing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lorrie Cranor	NA	Session details: Authentication	NA	2018
Saranga Komanduri:Richard Shay:Patrick Gage Kelley:Michelle L. Mazurek:Lujo Bauer:Nicolas Christin:Lorrie Faith Cranor:Serge Egelman	Text-based passwords are the most common mechanism for authenticating humans to computer systems. To prevent users from picking passwords that are too easy for an adversary to guess, system administrators adopt password-composition policies (e.g., requiring passwords to contain symbols and numbers). Unfortunately, little is known about the relationship between password-composition policies and the strength of the resulting passwords, or about the behavior of users (e.g., writing down passwords) in response to different policies. We present a large-scale study that investigates password strength, user behavior, and user sentiment across four password-composition policies. We characterize the predictability of passwords by calculating their entropy, and find that a number of commonly held beliefs about password composition and strength are inaccurate. We correlate our results with user behavior and sentiment to produce several recommendations for password-composition policies that result in strong passwords without unduly burdening users.	Of passwords and people: measuring the effect of password-composition policies	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rohit Ashok Khot:Kannan Srinathan:Ponnurangam Kumaraguru	In this paper we propose and evaluate Marasim, a novel Jigsaw based graphical authentication mechanism using tagging. Marasim is aimed at achieving the security of random images with the memorability of personal images. Our scheme relies on the human ability to remember a personal image and later recognize the alternate visual representations (images) of the concepts occurred in the image. These concepts are retrieved from the tags assigned to the image. We illustrate how a Jigsaw based approach helps to create a portfolio of system-chosen random images to be used for authentication. The paper describes the complete design of Marasim along with the empirical studies of Marasim that provide evidences of increased memorability. Results show that 93% of all participants succeeded in the authentication tests using Marasim after three months while 71% succeeded in authentication tests using Marasim after nine months. Our findings indicate that Marasim has potential applications, especially where text input is hard (e.g., PDAs or ATMs), or in situations where passwords are infrequently used (e.g., web site passwords).	MARASIM: a novel jigsaw based authentication scheme using tagging	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tamara Denning:Kevin Bowers:Marten van Dijk:Ari Juels	Knowledge-based authentication systems generally rely upon users' explicit recollection of passwords, facts, or personal preferences. These systems impose a cognitive burden that often results in forgotten secrets or secrets with poor entropy. We propose an authentication system that instead draws on implicit memory - that is, the unconscious encoding and usage of information. In such a system, a user is initially presented with images of common objects in a casual familiarization task. When the user later authenticates, she is asked to perform a task involving a set of degraded images, some of which are based upon the images in the familiarization task. The prior exposure to those images influences the user's responses in the task, thereby eliciting authentication information. We ran a user study to investigate the plausibility of our system design. Our results suggest that implicit memory has potential as a basis for low-cognitive-overhead, high-stability, knowledge-based authentication.	Exploring implicit memory for painless password recovery	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Joseph 'Jofish' Kaye	This paper contributes to the growing body of literature on privacy and security by looking at self-reported password sharing practices. 62 men and 60 women recruited through a combination of snowball sampling and small ads answered a series of open-ended questions about their password sharing strategies. One third of respondants shared their personal email password, and a quarter shared their Facebook password, both primarily with partners and close friends. Approximately 20% of people who had work email passwords reported sharing them with colleagues. These results support understanding password sharing not as a deviant practice to be stamped out, but rather a nuanced practice engaged in with thought and care.	Self-reported password sharing strategies	NA	2018
Christos A. Fidas:Artemios G. Voyiatzis:Nikolaos M. Avouris	A "Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart" (CAPTCHA) is a mechanism widely used nowadays for protection of web applications, interfaces, and services from malicious users. A questionnaire-based survey combined with a real usage scenario of a native-language CAPTCHA mechanism was conducted in order to investigate several aspects that affect end-user perceptions related to the quality of CAPTCHA. A total of 210 participants of age between 19 and 64 participated during May and July 2010. The survey results validate the common belief that CAPTCHAs are still difficult for humans to solve. They also provide insights that can be applied to improve users' experience on interacting with CAPTCHA systems.	On the necessity of user-friendly CAPTCHA	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eiji Hayashi:Jason Hong	While past work has examined password usage on a specific computer, web site, or organization, there is little work examining overall password usage in daily life. Through a diary study, we examine all usage of passwords, and offer some new findings based on quantitative analyses regarding how often people log in, where they log in, and how frequently people use foreign computers. Our analysis also confirms or updates existing statistics about password usage patterns. We also discuss some implications for design as well as security education.	A diary study of password usage in daily life	NA:NA	2018
Sara Kiesler	NA	Session details: Cats, dogs, sports, games & books	NA	2018
Alexandra Weilenmann:Oskar Juhlin	Animals are increasingly integrated in interactive contexts depending on digital technologies. The current and future use of such technologies is a relevant topic for HCI research. However, the field is struggling with the inherent problem of 'nteraction' in understanding interaction with animals. We argue for a way forward based on an ethnomethodological perspective on anthropomorphism, with a focus on manifest interaction. Drawing upon a field study of hunters' use of a GPS dog tracking-device, we discuss how interaction between dogs and humans is affected when new technology is introduced. The GPS data is situated and interpreted by the dog handler, and supports the hunter's work of dealing with the dogs' intentions. This opens up for new forms of interactions with the dog. When studying and designing for interaction between humans and animals we should move beyond merely looking at dyadic relationships, and also consider the social organization of the interaction.	Understanding people and animals: the use of a positioning system in ordinary human-canine interaction	NA:NA	2018
Mikko Paldanius:Tuula Kärkkäinen:Kaisa Väänänen-Vainio-Mattila:Oskar Juhlin:Jonna Häkkilä	Whereas communication technology to connect people has long been an integral part of our everyday lives, it has only recently expanded to offer applications for dogs and dog-owners. In this paper, we present two explorative studies to understand the experiences and expectations of dog owners for communication technology to support their interaction with dogs. These studies look at two different user groups, hunters and pet owners, charting the lessons learnt from the current technology and exploring the aspects that should be taken into account when designing future applications and services. Our findings reveal that usability problems are still the dominant issue with current applications. We also suggest key design implications which can be utilized in the development of future human-dog interaction systems.	Communication technology for human-dog interaction: exploration of dog owners' experiences and expectations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Florian 'Floyd' Mueller:Darren Edge:Frank Vetere:Martin R. Gibbs:Stefan Agamanolis:Bert Bongers:Jennifer G. Sheridan	Exertion games require investing physical effort. The fact that such games can support physical health is tempered by our limited understanding of how to design for engaging exertion experiences. This paper introduces the Exertion Framework as a way to think and talk about Exertion Games, both for their formative design and summative analysis. Our Exertion Framework is based on the ways in which we can conceive of the body investing in game-directed exertion, supported by four perspectives on the body (the Responding Body, Moving Body, Sensing Body and Relating Body) and three perspectives on gaming (rules, play and context). The paper illustrates how this framework was derived from prior systems and theory, and presents a case study of how it has been used to inspire novel exertion interactions.	Designing sports: a framework for exertion games	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Frank Noz:Jinsoo An	Despite owners' desires to include pets in their everyday activities, pets have yet to be included in the digital gaming experience. The Cat Cat Revolution (CCR) is a digital game of cat and mouse that allows cats to participate in play through a species-appropriate interface. The game applies Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) principles to pets and casts pets as participants in the gaming experience. During the pilot study, pet owners characterized CCR as a mutually positive experience, describing the game as a fun way to play. CCR explores the effects of including pets in the digital gaming experience.	Cat cat revolution: an interspecies gaming experience	NA:NA	2018
Daniela K. Rosner:Alex S. Taylor	As technologies age, they experience wear and degradation, sometimes resulting in loss of functionality. In response, parts are replaced and software is updated. Yet restoration - the process of returning something to a previous condition, often regardless of its instrumental value -"is a relatively rare practice with computational technologies. The aim of this paper is to enrich HCI design practices by considering the material qualities of restoration. We consider what makes a technology worth restoring and what constitutes the process of restoration by examining data collected from a three-month apprenticeship-based qualitative study of bookbinding. Building on relevant literatures, we offer antiquarian books -"long-established information technologies - as a lens onto the ways values are enacted through material engagements. We conclude with a discussion of restoration's role in HCI.	Antiquarian answers: book restoration as a resource for design	NA:NA	2018
Jettie Hoonhout	NA	Session details: User experience	NA	2018
Amy K. Karlson:Greg Smith:Bongshin Lee	Computers today make it easy for people to scatter copies and versions of digital items across their file systems, but do little to help people manage the resulting mess. In this paper, we introduce the concept of a copy-aware computing ecosystem, inspired by a vision of computing when systems track and surface copy relationships between files. Based on two deployments of a copy-aware software prototype and in-depth interviews with individuals in collaborative relationships, we present our findings on the origins of copies and the barriers to eliminating them, but offer a promising solution based on the set of files that together represent a user's conceptual view of a document - the versionset. We show that the versionset is viable to infer, and we draw upon user activity logs and feedback on personalized views of versionsets to distill guidelines for the factors that define a versionset. We conclude by enumerating the many PIM user experiences that could be transformed as a result.	Which version is this?: improving the desktop experience within a copy-aware computing ecosystem	NA:NA:NA	2018
Cheng Yi:Zhenhui Jiang:Izak Benbasat	This paper reports on two studies that investigate the design of online product interactivity. The first study compares three different presentation formats: a video presentation and two Virtual Product Experience (VPE) presentations, namely, triggered interaction and full interaction. The findings suggest that triggered interaction VPE is more effective in enticing users to attend to and further explore the featured products than both the non-interactive video presentation and the full interaction VPE. The second study builds upon the first and focuses on two specific VPE design factors. In particular, it investigates interaction constraint (high versus low constraint) in addition to the activation mode of interaction (process-based interaction versus event-based interaction). The results reveal interesting interaction patterns between the two design factors, i.e., providing less constrained interaction performs better when process-based interaction design is adopted, but performs worse when event-based interaction is employed.	Enticing consumers via incomplete product experience: an investigation of online product interactivity designs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Javier A. Bargas-Avila:Kasper Hornbæk	This paper reviews how empirical research on User Experience (UX) is conducted. It integrates products, dimensions of experience, and methodologies across a systematically selected sample of 51 publications from 2005-2009, reporting a total of 66 empirical studies. Results show a shift in the products and use contexts that are studied, from work towards leisure, from controlled tasks towards open use situations, and from desktop computing towards consumer products and art. Context of use and anticipated use, often named key factors of UX, are rarely researched. Emotions, enjoyment and aesthetics are the most frequently assessed dimensions. The methodologies used are mostly qualitative, and known from traditional usability studies, though constructive methods with unclear validity are being developed and used. Many studies use self-developed questionnaires without providing items or statistical validations. We discuss underexplored research questions and potential improvements of UX research.	Old wine in new bottles or novel challenges: a critical analysis of empirical studies of user experience	NA:NA	2018
Xiaohan Ma:Binh Huy Le:Zhigang Deng	Lifelike interface agents (e.g. talking avatars) have been increasingly used in human-computer interaction applications. In this work, we quantitatively analyze how human perception is affected by audio-head motion characteristics of talking avatars. Specifically, we quantify the correlation between perceptual user ratings (obtained via user study) and joint audio-head motion features as well as head motion patterns in the frequency-domain. Our quantitative analysis results clearly show that the correlation coefficient between the pitch of speech signals (but not the RMS energy of speech signals) and head motions is approximately linearly proportional to the perceptual user rating, and a larger proportion of high frequency signals in talking avatar head movements tends to degrade the user perception in terms of naturalness.	Perceptual analysis of talking avatar head movements: a quantitative perspective	NA:NA:NA	2018
Glen Anderson:Rina Doherty:Eric Baugh	The computing performance literature offers guidelines and frameworks, but data on the limits of user appreciation for performance are scarce. This paper presents a study of user satisfaction with different levels of computing performance. Thirty-five participants performed common computing tasks such as creating email and Web surfing. They rated computing performance for specific task elements - such as application launching and menu responsiveness - that occurred during those tasks. They repeated the tasks under varying levels of computer performance. Results include user ratings as a function of computing performance for each of the task elements. The results have implications for system designers who create products that must meet user expectations for performance.	Diminishing returns?: revisiting perception of computing performance	NA:NA:NA	2018
Catalina Danis	NA	Session details: Interaction on mobile devices	NA	2018
Lisa G. Cowan:Kevin A. Li	Pico projectors attached to mobile phones allow users to view phone content using a large display. However, to provide input to projector phones, users have to look at the device, diverting their attention from the projected image. Additionally, other collocated users have no way of interacting with the device. We present ShadowPuppets, a system that supports collocated interaction with mobile projector phones. ShadowPuppets allows users to cast hand shadows as input to mobile projector phones. Most people understand how to cast hand shadows, which provide an easy input modality. Additionally, they implicitly support collocated usage, as nearby users can cast shadows as input and one user can see and understand another user's hand shadows. We describe the results of three user studies. The first study examines what hand shadows users expect will cause various effects. The second study looks at how users perceive hand shadows, examining what effects they think various hand shadows will cause. Finally, we present qualitative results from a study with our functional prototype and discuss design implications for systems using shadows as input. Our findings suggest that shadow input can provide a natural and intuitive way of interacting with projected interfaces and can support collocated collaboration.	ShadowPuppets: supporting collocated interaction with mobile projector phones using hand shadows	NA:NA	2018
Jaime Ruiz:Yang Li	To make motion gestures more widely adopted on mobile devices it is important that devices be able to distinguish between motion intended for mobile interaction and every-day motion. In this paper, we present DoubleFlip, a unique motion gesture designed as an input delimiter for mobile motion-based interaction. The DoubleFlip gesture is distinct from regular motion of a mobile device. Based on a collection of 2,100 hours of motion data captured from 99 users, we found that our DoubleFlip recognizer is extremely resistant to false positive conditions, while still achieving a high recognition rate. Since DoubleFlip is easy to perform and unlikely to be accidentally invoked, it provides an always-active input event for mobile interaction.	DoubleFlip: a motion gesture delimiter for mobile interaction	NA:NA	2018
Sebastian Boring:Sven Gehring:Alexander Wiethoff:Anna Magdalena Blöckner:Johannes Schöning:Andreas Butz	The increasing number of media facades in urban spaces offers great potential for new forms of interaction especially for collaborative multi-user scenarios. In this paper, we present a way to directly interact with them through live video on mobile devices. We extend the Touch Projector interface to accommodate multiple users by showing individual content on the mobile display that would otherwise clutter the facade's canvas or distract other users. To demonstrate our concept, we built two collaborative multi-user applications: (1) painting on the facade and (2) solving a 15-puzzle. We gathered informal feedback during the ARS Electronica Festival in Linz, Austria and found that our interaction technique is (1) considered easy-to-learn, but (2) may leave users unaware of the actions of others.	Multi-user interaction on media facades through live video on mobile devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Rohs:Antti Oulasvirta:Tiia Suomalainen	Rohs and Oulasvirta (2008) proposed a two-component Fitts' law model for target acquisition with magic lenses in mobile augmented reality (AR) with 1) a physical pointing phase, in which the target can be directly observed on the background surface, and 2) a virtual pointing phase, in which the target can only be observed through the device display. The model provides a good fit (R2=0.88) with laboratory data, but it is not known if it generalizes to real-world AR tasks. In the present outdoor study, subjects (N=12) did building-selection tasks in an urban area. The differences in task characteristics to the laboratory study are drastic: targets are three-dimensional and they vary in shape, size, z-distance, and visual context. Nevertheless, the model yielded an R2 of 0.80, and when using effective target width an R2 of 0.88 was achieved.	Interaction with magic lenses: real-world validation of a Fitts' Law model	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mohammadreza Khalilbeigi:Roman Lissermann:Max Mühlhäuser:Jürgen Steimle	We present a device concept and a prototype of a future mobile device. By featuring a rollable display, its display size and its form factor can be dynamically changed. Moreover, we investigate how physical resizing of the display can be used as an input technique for interacting with digital contents and present a set of novel interaction techniques. Evaluation results show that physical resizing of the display can improve the way we interact with digital contents on mobile devices.	Xpaaand: interaction techniques for rollable displays	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Simon Robinson:Nitendra Rajput:Matt Jones:Anupam Jain:Shrey Sahay:Amit Nanavati	Much of the mobile work by HCI researchers explores a future world populated by high-end devices and relatively affluent users. This paper turns to consider the hundreds of millions of people for whom such sophistication will not be realised for many years to come. In developing world contexts, people will continue to rely on voice-primary interactions due to both literacy and economic reasons. Here, we motivate research into how to accommodate advanced mobile interface techniques while overcoming the handset, data-connection and user limitations. As a first step we introduce TapBack: back-of-device taps to control a dialled-up, telephone-network-based voice service. We show how these audio gestures might be recognised over a standard telephone connection, via users' existing low-end devices. Further, in a longitudinal deployment, the techniques were made available on a live voice service used by rural Indian farmers. Data from the study illustrates the desire by users to adopt the approach and its potential extensions.	TapBack: towards richer mobile interfaces in impoverished contexts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Atsuhiko Maeda:Kenji Hara:Minoru Kobayashi:Masanobu Abe	As it is becoming more common for various handheld devices to be equipped with a camera, applications that use image recognition are increasing. Therefore, improving the usability of these devices by enhancing their image capture characteristics is becoming more important. We present ClearPlate - a new optical unit for image capture. It has a physically transparent viewfinder through which the user can observe the target directly without offset; the framed image is captured by the built-in camera. We also present a user study that evaluates ClearPlate performance in the 2D barcode acquisition task. Results show that ClearPlate significantly outperforms the camera-phone-based approach with regard to 2D barcode acquisition.	"ClearPlate" for capturing printed information: a scanner and viewfinder in one optical unit	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bonnie John	NA	Session details: Shortcuts commands & expertise	NA	2018
Joey Scarr:Andy Cockburn:Carl Gutwin:Philip Quinn	Interface guidelines encourage designers to include shortcut mechanisms that enable high levels of expert performance, but prior research has demonstrated that few users switch to using them. To help understand how interfaces can better support a transition to expert performance we develop a framework of the interface and human factors influencing expertise development. We then present a system called Blur that addresses three main problems in promoting the transition: prompting an initial switch to expert techniques, minimising the performance dip arising from the switch, and enabling a high performance ceiling. Blur observes the user's interaction with unaltered desktop applications and uses calm notification to support learning and promote awareness of an alternative hot command interface. An empirical study validates Blur's design, showing that users make an early and sustained switch to hot commands, and that doing so improves their performance and satisfaction.	Dips and ceilings: understanding and supporting transitions to expertise in user interfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Justin Matejka:Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice	In this paper we present Ambient Help, a system that supports opportunistic learning by providing automatic, context-sensitive learning resources while a user works. Multiple videos and textual help resources are presented ambiently on a secondary display. We define and examine a collection of design consideration for this type of interface. After describing our implementation details, we report on an experiment which shows that Ambient Help supports finding more helpful information, while not having a negative impact on the user's productivity, as compared to a traditional help condition.	Ambient help	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeff C. Hendy:Juliette Link:Kellogg S. Booth:Joanna McGrenere	Recent keyboard-based alternatives to WIMP interfaces do not have good support for commands that require multiple parameters. We remedy this by extending a previous design and mimicking dialog boxes to provide good visual feedback while still keeping the advantages of keyboard input. A laboratory study showed the new technique to be competitive with dialog boxes on speed and error rate, but strongly preferred over dialog boxes by experienced command line users. This is a marked improvement over the previous design, which was also preferred by the target user group but did not compete with dialog boxes in terms of performance.	Parameter selection in keyboard-based dialog boxes	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Craig S. Miller:Svetlin Denkov:Richard C. Omanson	Previous research comparing methods of issuing commands found that selecting a toolbar item is faster than selecting an item from two menus with either a mouse or keyboard shortcut. Over the course of 90 trials, however, the keyboard method showed the most improvement, nearing the toolbar response time. The study presented in this paper compared the response time of the keyboard method across 240 trials when items were drawn from a single versus two menus. Throughout the trials, the 1-menu condition produced selection times that were on average 600 ms to 800 ms faster than the 2-menu condition suggesting users in the 2-menu condition were not able to bypass the menu decision by chunking the 3-key sequence into one cognitive unit. Models are presented to describe performance at various stages of learning. Practical implications are that hierarchical, category-based keyboard commands do not provide a clear advantage to toolbar-based selection and that theory-based evaluation methods may need to reflect this result.	Categorization costs for hierarchical keyboard commands	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeffrey Bigham	NA	Session details: Sound interactions	NA	2018
Daisuke Sato:Shaojian Zhu:Masatomo Kobayashi:Hironobu Takagi:Chieko Asakawa	Auditory user interfaces have great Web-access potential for billions of people with visual impairments, with limited literacy, who are driving, or who are otherwise unable to use a visual interface. However a sequential speech-based representation can only convey a limited amount of information. In addition, typical auditory user interfaces lose the visual cues such as text styles and page structures, and lack effective feedback about the current focus. To address these limitations, we created Sasayaki (from whisper in Japanese), which augments the primary voice output with a secondary whisper of contextually relevant information, automatically or in response to user requests. It also offers new ways to jump to semantically meaningful locations. A prototype was implemented as a plug-in for an auditory Web browser. Our experimental results show that the Sasayaki can reduce the task completion times for finding elements in webpages and increase satisfaction and confidence.	Sasayaki: augmented voice web browsing experience	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Susumu Harada:Hironobu Takagi:Chieko Asakawa	We present and evaluate an approach towards eyes-free auditory display of spatial information that considers radial direction as a fundamental type of value primitive. There are many benefits to being able to sonify radial directions, such as indicating the heading towards a point of interest in a direct and dynamic manner, rendering a path or shape outline by sonifying a continual sequence of tangent directions as the path is traced, and providing direct feedback of the direction of motion of the user in a physical space or a pointer in a virtual space. We propose a concrete mapping of vowel-like sounds to radial directions as one potential method to enable sonification of such information. We conducted a longitudinal study with five sighted and two blind participants to evaluate the learnability and effectiveness of this method. Results suggest that our directional sound mapping can be learned within a few hours and be used to aurally perceive spatial information such as shape outlines and path contours.	On the audio representation of radial direction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew P. McPherson:Youngmoo E. Kim	In this paper we present a new keyboard interface for computer music applications. Where traditional keyboard controllers report the velocity of each key-press, our interface senses up to five separate dimensions: velocity, percussiveness, rigidity, weight, and depth. These dimensions, which we identified based on the pedagogical piano literature and pilot studies with professional pianists, together present a rich picture of physical gestures at the keyboard, including information on the performer's motion before, during, and after a note is played. User studies confirm that the sensed dimensions are intuitive and controllable and that mappings between gesture and sound produce novel, playable musical instruments, even for users without prior keyboard experience. The multidimensional sensing capability demonstrated in this paper is also potentially applicable to button interfaces outside the musical domain.	Multidimensional gesture sensing at the piano keyboard	NA:NA	2018
Bernhard E. Riecke:Daniel Feuereissen:John J. Rieser:Timothy P. McNamara	The use of vection, the illusion of self-movement, has recently been explored as a novel way to immerse observers in mediated environments through illusory yet compelling self-motion without physically moving. This provides advantages over existing systems that employ costly, cumbersome, and potentially hazardous motion platforms, which are often surprisingly inadequate to provide life-like motion experiences. This study investigates whether spatialized sound rotating around the stationary, blindfolded listener can facilitate biomechanical vection, the illusion of self-rotation induced by stepping along a rotating floor plate. For the first time, integrating simple auditory and biomechanical cues for turning in place evoked convincing circular vection. In an auditory baseline condition, participants experienced only spatialized auditory cues. In a purely biomechanical condition, seated participants stepped along sideways on a rotating plate while listening to mono masking sounds. Scores of the bi-modal condition (binaural+biomechanical cues) exceeded the sum of both single cue conditions, which may imply super-additive or synergistic effects.	Spatialized sound enhances biomechanically-induced self-motion illusion (vection)	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marilyn McGee-Lennon:Maria Wolters:Ross McLachlan:Stephen Brewster:Cordelia Hall	In this paper we argue that Musicons, short samples from pieces of music are a useful way to present private but memorable reminder messages. We investigated accuracy, memorability and response times for short, medium, and long Musicons. User performance on the Musicons was also compared to short spoken reminders. The study consisted of two sessions a week apart. Quantitative measures were augmented with qualitative questions about associations and memories. Overall, participants achieved a high level of accuracy (89%) on the Musicons. Recognition was stable at 90% or better across sessions for users who were able to construct meaningful links between Musicons and the associated tasks. Optimal response times were achieved for medium-length 0.5 sec. Musicons. We conclude that Musicons are a viable option for alarms and notifications that combine the high learnability of Auditory Icons with the more private nature of Earcons.	Name that tune: musicons as reminders in the home	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Volkmar Pipek	NA	Session details: Innovation & design	NA	2018
Steven Dow:Julie Fortuna:Dan Schwartz:Beth Altringer:Daniel Schwartz:Scott Klemmer	Prototypes ground group communication and facilitate decision making. However, overly investing in a single design idea can lead to fixation and impede the collaborative process. Does sharing multiple designs improve collaboration? In a study, participants created advertisements individually and then met with a partner. In the Share Multiple condition, participants designed and shared three ads. In the Share Best condition, participants designed three ads and selected one to share. In the Share One condition, participants designed and shared one ad. Sharing multiple designs improved outcome, exploration, sharing, and group rapport. These participants integrated more of their partner's ideas into their own subsequent designs, explored a more divergent set of ideas, and provided more productive critiques of their partner's designs. Furthermore, their ads were rated more highly and garnered a higher click-through rate when hosted online.	Prototyping dynamics: sharing multiple designs improves exploration, group rapport, and results	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sheelagh Carpendale	NA	Session details: Tabletop synchronous collaboration	NA	2018
Orit Shaer:Megan Strait:Consuelo Valdes:Taili Feng:Michael Lintz:Heidi Wang	We present G-nome Surfer 2.0, a tabletop interface for fostering inquiry-based learning of genomics. We conducted an experimental study with 48 participants that compared students' learning of genomic concepts using existing bioinformatics tools and using two alternative implementations of G-nome Surfer: a collaborative multi-mouse GUI and a tabletop interface. Our findings indicate that G-nome Surfer improves students' performance, reduces workload, and increases enjoyment. The comparison of tabletop and multi-mouse implementations further shows that the tabletop condition results in four educational benefits: 1) increasing physical participation, 2) encouraging reflection, 3) fostering effective collaboration, and 4) facilitating more intuitive interaction.	Enhancing genomic learning through tabletop interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Naomi Yamashita:Hideaki Kuzuoka:Keiji Hirata:Shigemi Aoyagi:Yoshinari Shirai	In this study, we examine how remote collaborators' upper body view affects collaboration when people engage in multiparty fluid tabletop activities across distances. We experimentally investigated the effects of upper body view on four-person group tabletop collaboration, two-by-two at identical locations: shared tabletop vs. shared tabletop plus upper body view. Although previous research has often failed to illustrate the advantages of showing remote participants' upper body view, our study showed that task performance was significantly higher in conditions with upper body view. Furthermore, participants with upper body view tended to take a step away from their remote partners to effectively glance at them while taking a comparable perspective of the tabletop objects. Detailed analysis of the video recordings revealed that upper body view was effective for fluid tabletop collaboration because it helped achieve joint perspective and helped estimate the timing and rough location of subsequent tabletop activity.	Supporting fluid tabletop collaboration across distances	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Scott Counts	NA	Session details: Social Q & A	NA	2018
Ryen W. White:Matthew Richardson:Yandong Liu	Social question-and-answer (Q&A) involves the location of answers to questions through communication with people. Social Q&A systems, such as mailing lists and Web forums are popular, but their asynchronous nature can lead to high answer latency. Synchronous Q&A systems facilitate real-time dialog, usually via instant messaging, but face challenges with interruption costs and the availability of knowledgeable answerers at question time. We ran a longitudinal study of a synchronous social Q&A system to investigate the effects of the rate with which potential answerers were contacted (trading off time-to-answer against interruption cost) and community size (varying total number of members). We found important differences in subjective and objective measures of system performance with these variations. Our findings help us understand the costs and benefits of varying contact rate and community size in synchronous social Q&A, and inform system design for social Q&A.	Effects of community size and contact rate in synchronous social q&a	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rich Gazan	The worst-case scenario for the redesign of an established online community is a subsequent mass migration of its core members to other sites. Using data from transaction logs, content analysis and participant observation, this paper presents a descriptive analysis of the fragmentation of a social question answering (Q&A) community in the immediate aftermath of a fundamental redesign, where site-based communication mechanisms no longer functioned. The ways in which the community and its diaspora reacted, reconnected and resettled on other sites provides empirical data to support recent research on the life cycle of online communities. The results suggest that many of the same processes that help social Q&A sites generate content and motivate participation can work to dismantle an established community if communications between members are even temporarily disrupted. Modeling a redesign as an attack on a community can help future designers anticipate alternative paths of communication and information flows.	Redesign as an act of violence: disrupted interaction patterns and the fragmenting of a social Q&A community	NA	2018
Lena Mamykina:Bella Manoim:Manas Mittal:George Hripcsak:Björn Hartmann	This paper analyzes a Question & Answer site for programmers, Stack Overflow, that dramatically improves on the utility and performance of Q&A systems for technical domains. Over 92% of Stack Overflow questions about expert topics are answered - in a median time of 11 minutes. Using a mixed methods approach that combines statistical data analysis with user interviews, we seek to understand this success. We argue that it is not primarily due to an a priori superior technical design, but also to the high visibility and daily involvement of the design team within the community they serve. This model of continued community leadership presents challenges to both CSCW systems research as well as to attempts to apply the Stack Overflow model to other specialized knowledge domains.	Design lessons from the fastest q&a site in the west	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lucia Terrenghi	NA	Session details: Empowering users in developing regions	NA	2018
Geeta Shroff:Matthew Kam	Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Nicholas Kristof argues that in this century the paramount moral challenge will be the struggle for gender equality around the world. In this paper, we present a design model for empowering low-income women in the developing world, in ways that cut across individual application areas. Specifically, this model characterizes a possible trajectory for NGOs and women to engage with each other and among themselves potentially augmented by technology to help women escape from poverty. The fieldwork components in this study took place over 15 weeks in three phases, with a total of 47 NGO staff members and 35 socio-economically challenged women in rural and urban India. Interviews and co-design sessions with seven proof-of-concept prototypes showed that women appeared to belong to five distinct stages of growth in striving towards independence. We report the technology design lessons from our co-design sessions to illustrate how user readiness, relationship building at the community and family levels, and integration with state, national and international level programs, should be taken into account in the broader context of intervention design.	Towards a design model for women's empowerment in the developing world	NA:NA	2018
Judith S. Olson	NA	Session details: Organizations & distributed work	NA	2018
Yelena Mejova:Klaar De Schepper:Lawrence Bergman:Jie Lu	We present a large-scale study of content reuse networks in a large and highly hierarchical organization. In our study, we combine analysis of a collection of presentations produced by employees with interviews conducted throughout the organization and a survey to study presentation content reuse. Study results show a variety of information needs and behaviors related to content reuse as well as a need for a personalized and socially-integrated networking tool for enabling easy access to previously generated presentation material. In this paper we describe our findings and outline a set of requirements for an effective content reuse facility.	Reuse in the wild: an empirical and ethnographic study of organizational content reuse	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sven Laqua:M. Angela Sasse:Steven Greenspan:Carrie Gates	Organisations today have no reliable way of ensuring that all employees are aware of information that may be relevant to their work. In this paper we report on a 2-year project in which we have iteratively designed, developed and tested a knowledge discovery system (KnowDis) for organizations. Early stages of our study revealed that, employees do not know what is available on the corporate intranet, or files and messages they have stored. KnowDis proactively fetches relevant information and displays it in an unobtrusive form; this increases employee awareness without disrupting their tasks. We discuss and characterize knowledge workers' email usage behavior. Our main study with 28 users of KnowDis-enhanced email showed it can improve the user experience and performance on information retrieval tasks for knowledge workers.	Do you know dis?: a user study of a knowledge discovery tool for organizations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Reza B. Zadeh:Aruna D. Balakrishnan:Sara Kiesler:Jonathon N. Cummings	The CHI community has led efforts to support teamwork, but has neglected team disruption, as may occur if team members relocate to another institution. We studied moves in 548 interdisciplinary research projects with 2691 researchers (PIs). Moves, and thus disruptions, were not rare, especially in large distributed projects. Overall, one-third of all projects experienced at least one member relocating but most moves reflected churn across high-ranking institutions. When collaborators moved, the project was disrupted. Our data suggest that moves exemplify normal disruptions. A design challenge is to help projects adapt to disruption.	What's in a move?: normal disruption and a design challenge	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wendy Mackay	NA	Session details: Reading & writing	NA	2018
Max G. Van Kleek:Wolfe Styke:m.c. schraefel:David Karger	Mainstream PIM tools capture only a portion of the information that people need to manage. Many information scraps seem to exist that don't make their way into these tools, instead being relegated to sticky notes, text files, and other makeshift storage, or simply being lost. In an effort to understand the role of these information scraps, the underlying needs they reflect, and the way PIM tools must be modified to support those needs, we created List-it, a micronote tool for quick and simple capture of information scraps. In this article, we analyze the notes and interaction logs of 420 volunteer users of List-it over a two-year period of study (August 2008-August 2010). We contextualize our analysis with results of two surveys and an e-mail interview we conducted in October 2009. We find that people are drawn to List-it by the ease and speed of note capture and by the ability to record scraps with arbitrary content that blends or completely escapes the types and roles imposed by our rigid PIM tools. Notes are taken to serve a variety of needs -- reminding, reference, journaling/activity logging, brainstorming, and to indefinitely archive information of sentimental or personal value. Finally, while people differ considerably in the ways they keep information, our findings suggest such differences can be described as a combination of four distinct strategies, enriching the Filer/Piler distinction identified for classic document management.	Finders/keepers: a longitudinal study of people managing information scraps in a micro-note tool	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alexander Thayer:Charlotte P. Lee:Linda H. Hwang:Heidi Sales:Pausali Sen:Ninad Dalal	While rapid growth in e-reader use is receiving much attention in industry and academia, the use of e-readers for academic reading remains understudied. This qualitative study investigates how graduate students accomplish their academic reading and integrate an e-reader into their reading practices. Our work represents the first long-term study of e-reading on a production device (the Amazon Kindle DX). In this paper we contribute new knowledge to the discussion of the academic potential of e-readers by analyzing the meta-level relationship between reading tasks and associated reading techniques, students' compensation for the limitations of e-readers, and the hindrance of the human ability to construct cognitive maps of texts when using e-readers.	The imposition and superimposition of digital reading technology: the academic potential of e-readers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Craig S. Tashman:W. Keith Edwards	The increasing popularity of personal reading devices raises the question of how best to support so-called active reading, which involves acts like annotation, note taking, etc. Prior research addressed this question by observing the active reading process, and identifying disparities between computers and paper as a reading medium. We extend this research by 1) investigating the problems that readers experience in their real world tasks, 2) inquiring about their requirements for an ideal reading technology, and 3) updating earlier studies of naturalistic reading behavior, which are several years old now. We present here the results of our investigation, which included a diary study, interviews, and participatory design workshops.	Active reading and its discontents: the situations, problems and ideas of readers	NA:NA	2018
Juan Pablo Hourcade	NA	Session details: Engaging youth	NA	2018
David Coyle:Nicola McGlade:Gavin Doherty:Gary O'Reilly	The need to provide effective mental health treatments for adolescents has been described as a global public health challenge [27]. In this paper we discuss the exploratory evaluations of the first adolescent intervention to fully integrate a computer game implementing Cognitive Behavioural Therapy. Three distinct studies are presented: a detailed evaluation in which therapists independent of the design team used the game with 6 adolescents experiencing clinical anxiety disorders; a study in which a member of the design team used the game with 15 adolescents; and finally a study assessing the acceptability of the game and intervention with 216 practicing therapists. Findings are presented within the context of a framework for the design and evaluation of complex health interventions. The paper provides an in-depth insight into the use of therapeutic games to support adolescent interventions and provides stronger evidence than previously available for both their effectiveness and acceptability to stakeholders.	Exploratory evaluations of a computer game supporting cognitive behavioural therapy for adolescents	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Matthews:Gavin Doherty	Mental illness is a significant and growing problem throughout the world. Many mental health problems have their root in childhood, and early intervention is recommended. Engaging young people in psychotherapeutic activities is challenging, and treatment adherence is often poor. This paper presents a series of studies carried out as part of the development of a mobile and online symptom tracking tool for adolescents with mental health problems. Teenagers use the system to record symptoms on their mobile phones and can view this information in a clinical setting with a therapist. We focus on a clinical pilot of the system with ten users in public mental health clinics. As well as indicating that the mobile diary tool can increase client adherence to therapeutic activities, the study yields insight into the factors influencing the success of the design and informs the design of other systems to be used as adjuncts to therapy.	In the mood: engaging teenagers in psychotherapy using mobile phones	NA:NA	2018
Stacey Kuznetsov:Laura C. Trutoiu:Casey Kute:Iris Howley:Eric Paulos:Dan Siewiorek	With over 13.3 million children living below poverty line in the United States, there is a pressing need for engaging HCI research with children at the socio-economic margins. Drawing from design studio culture and art therapy literature, we explore wearable computing as a creative and tangible medium (similar to markers, paints, clays, etc.) for motivating 'at-risk' children in hands-on making and expressive instantiation of ideas. Working with a local outreach organization for 'at-risk' middle school girls, we conducted five weekly workshops during which participants ideated, designed and implemented personal wearable computing projects. These sessions inspired participants (age 10-12) who tend to be uninterested and uncooperative in educational activities to complete interactive projects and engage with workshop volunteers as mentors and peers. We present the challenges, merits and outcomes of our approach, proposing wearable computing as a healing outlet and a mentoring strategy for at-risk children.	Breaking boundaries: strategies for mentoring through textile computing workshops	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Betsy James DiSalvo:Sarita Yardi:Mark Guzdial:Tom McKlin:Charles Meadows:Kenneth Perry:Amy Bruckman	Many young African American males have a passion for video games, but they don't often translate that passion into learning about computing. Part of the problem is that they do not identify with computing as a social norm within their peer group. This disidentification with computing can negatively impact academic performance and limit opportunities for upward mobility. We developed a job training program called Glitch Game Testers in which young African American men are trained to 'Sbreak open the black box' of their game consoles to learn about computing. Perceptions of peers' technical competency were measured before and after the summer 2010 program. Results showed that participants were more likely to view their peers as technical resources and their overall access to technical resources increased. Broader implications for motivating technology adoption in HCI are discussed.	African American men constructing computing identity	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Emilee Rader:Margaret Echelbarger:Justine Cassell	We lay out one strand of a continuing investigation into the development of a virtual peer to help children learn to use "school English" and "school-ratified science talk". In this paper we describe a detailed analysis of a corpus of child-child language use, and report our findings on the ways children shift dialects and ways of discussing science depending on the social context and task. We discuss the implications of these results for the redesign of a virtual peer that can evoke language behaviors associated with student achievement. Furthermore, our results allow us to describe the ways in which this virtual agent can tailor its level of interaction based on a child's current aptitude in this area.	Brick by brick: iterating interventions to bridge the achievement gap with virtual peers	NA:NA:NA	2018
Patrick Baudisch	NA	Session details: Tangibles	NA	2018
Esben Warming Pedersen:Kasper Hornbæk	We present interaction techniques for tangible tabletop interfaces that use active, motorized tangibles, what we call Tangible Bots. Tangible Bots can reflect changes in the digital model and assist users by haptic feedback, by correcting errors, by multi-touch control, and by allowing efficient interaction with multiple tangibles. A first study shows that Tangible Bots are usable for fine-grained manipulation (e.g., rotating tangibles to a particular orientation); for coarse movements, Tangible Bots become useful only when several tangibles are controlled simultaneously. Participants prefer Tangible Bots and find them less taxing than passive, non-motorized tangibles. A second study focuses on usefulness by studying how electronic musicians use Tangible Bots to create music with a tangible tabletop application. We conclude by discussing the further potential of active tangibles, and their relative benefits over passive tangibles and multi-touch.	Tangible bots: interaction with active tangibles in tabletop interfaces	NA:NA	2018
Jakob Leitner:Michael Haller	In this paper we present Geckos, a new type of tangible objects which are tracked using a Force-Sensitive Resistance sensor. Geckos are based on low-cost permanent magnets and can also be used on non-horizontal surfaces. Unique pressure footprints are used to identify each tangible Gecko. Two types of tangible object designs are presented: Using a single magnet in combination with felt pads provides new pressure-based interaction modalities. Using multiple separate magnets it is possible to change the marker footprint dynamically and create new haptic experiences. The tangible object design and interaction are illustrated with example applications. We also give details on the feasibility and benefits of our tracking approach and show compatibility with other tracking technologies.	Geckos: combining magnets and pressure images to enable new tangible-object design and interaction	NA:NA	2018
Neng-Hao Yu:Li-Wei Chan:Seng Yong Lau:Sung-Sheng Tsai:I-Chun Hsiao:Dian-Je Tsai:Fang-I Hsiao:Lung-Pan Cheng:Mike Chen:Polly Huang:Yi-Ping Hung	We present TUIC, a technology that enables tangible interaction on capacitive multi-touch devices, such as iPad, iPhone, and 3M's multi-touch displays, without requiring any hardware modifications. TUIC simulates finger touches on capacitive displays using passive materials and active modulation circuits embedded inside tangible objects, and can be used with multi-touch gestures simultaneously. TUIC consists of three approaches to sense and track objects: spatial, frequency, and hybrid (spatial plus frequency). The spatial approach, also known as 2D markers, uses geometric, multi-point touch patterns to encode object IDs. Spatial tags are straightforward to construct and are easily tracked when moved, but require sufficient spacing between the multiple touch points. The frequency approach uses modulation circuits to generate high-frequency touches to encode object IDs in the time domain. It requires fewer touch points and allows smaller tags to be built. The hybrid approach combines both spatial and frequency tags to construct small tags that can be reliably tracked when moved and rotated. We show three applications demonstrating the above approaches on iPads and 3M's multi-touch displays.	TUIC: enabling tangible interaction on capacitive multi-touch displays	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aurélie Cohé:Fabrice Dècle:Martin Hachet	3D transformation widgets are commonly used in many 3D applications operated from mice and keyboards. These user interfaces allow independent control of translations, rotations, and scaling for manipulation of 3D objects. In this paper, we study how these widgets can be adapted to the tactile paradigm. We have explored an approach where users apply rotations by means of physically plausible gestures, and we have extended successful 2D tactile principles to the context of 3D interaction. These investigations led to the design of a new 3D transformation widget, tBox, that can been operated easily and efficiently from gestures on touch-screens.	tBox: a 3d transformation widget designed for touch-screens	NA:NA:NA	2018
Malte Weiss:Christian Remy:Jan Borchers	We introduce dynamic physical properties as an additional degree of freedom for passive tabletop controls. Using electromagnetic actuation, we manipulate attributes of tangibles on the fly, such as perceived weight, spring resistance, friction, and latching. We describe our actuation concepts, prototypes, and measurements showing that magnetic fields can change physical effects in a linear way. Controlled experiments reveal that participants can tactually distinguish four rendered resistance levels of a button prototype and easily detect dynamic detents in a continuous slider. Finally, we describe how adjustable physical properties in tangibles can enhance tabletop interaction.	Rendering physical effects in tabletop controls	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kenton O'Hara	NA	Session details: Groups around the table	NA	2018
Hans-Christian Jetter:Jens Gerken:Michael Zöllner:Harald Reiterer:Natasa Milic-Frayling	We introduce "Facet-Streams", a hybrid interactive surface for co-located collaborative product search on a tabletop. Facet-Streams combines techniques of information visualization with tangible and multi-touch interaction to materialize collaborative search on a tabletop. It harnesses the expressive power of facets and Boolean logic without exposing users to complex formal notations. Two user studies reveal how Facet-Streams unifies visual and tangible expressivity with simplicity in interaction, supports different strategies and collaboration styles, and turns product search into a fun and social experience.	Materializing the query with facet-streams: a hybrid surface for collaborative search on tabletops	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Uta Hinrichs:Sheelagh Carpendale	In this paper we describe our findings from a field study that was conducted at the Vancouver Aquarium to investigate how visitors interact with a large interactive table exhibit using multi-touch gestures. Our findings show that the choice and use of multi-touch gestures are influenced not only by general preferences for certain gestures but also by the interaction context and social context they occur in. We found that gestures are not executed in isolation but linked into sequences where previous gestures influence the formation of subsequent gestures. Furthermore, gestures were used beyond the manipulation of media items to support social encounters around the tabletop exhibit. Our findings indicate the importance of versatile many-to-one mappings between gestures and their actions that, other than one-to-one mappings, can support fluid transitions between gestures as part of sequences and facilitate social information exploration.	Gestures in the wild: studying multi-touch gesture sequences on interactive tabletop exhibits	NA:NA	2018
Paul Marshall:Richard Morris:Yvonne Rogers:Stefan Kreitmayer:Matt Davies	Multi-touch tabletops have been much heralded as an innovative technology that can facilitate new ways of group working. However, there is little evidence of these materialising outside of research lab settings. We present the findings of a 5-week in-the-wild study examining how a shared planning application - designed to run on a walk-up-and-use tabletop - was used when placed in a tourist information centre. We describe how groups approached, congregated and interacted with it and the social interactions that took place - noting how they were quite different from research findings describing the ways groups work around a tabletop in lab settings. We discuss the implications of such situated group work for designing collaborative tabletop applications for use in public settings.	Rethinking 'multi-user': an in-the-wild study of how groups approach a walk-up-and-use tabletop interface	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Izdihar Jamil:Kenton O'Hara:Mark Perry:Abhijit Karnik:Sriram Subramanian	This paper presents the findings of a user study investigating conversational patterns across three conditions of table-based interaction (direct touch interactive table, pantograph interactive table and non-digital table) for different types of educational activities. Findings demonstrate that communication style is significantly affected by interaction techniques. The direct touch technique stimulated conversations based around the topic and pedagogical method. The pantograph technique promoted playfulness and had a higher number of directive utterances between participants, with fewer task-based, group-oriented utterances. The non-digital table promoted reflective forms of task-orientated utterance, encouraged group communication and fostered more equitable participation between members. The findings provide insights into the design of interactive tables to support particular forms of social interaction.	The effects of interaction techniques on talk patterns in collaborative peer learning around interactive tables	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sunny Consolvo	NA	Session details: Rehabilitation	NA	2018
Eun Kyoung Choe:Sunny Consolvo:Nathaniel F. Watson:Julie A. Kientz	Getting the right amount of quality sleep is a key aspect of good health, along with a healthy diet and regular exercise. Human-computer interaction (HCI) researchers have recently designed systems to support diet and exercise, but sleep has been relatively under-studied in the HCI community. We conducted a literature review and formative study aimed at uncovering opportunities for computing to support the important area of promoting healthy sleep. We present results from interviews with sleep experts, as well as a survey (N = 230) and interviews with potential users (N = 16) to indicate what people would find practical and useful for sleep. Based on these results, we identify a number of design considerations, challenges, and opportunities for using computing to support healthy sleep behaviors, as well as a design framework for mapping the design space of technologies for sleep.	Opportunities for computing technologies to support healthy sleep behaviors	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Predrag Klasnja:Sunny Consolvo:Wanda Pratt	New technologies for encouraging physical activity, healthy diet, and other types of health behavior change now frequently appear in the HCI literature. Yet, how such technologies should be evaluated within the context of HCI research remains unclear. In this paper, we argue that the obvious answer to this question - that evaluations should assess whether a technology brought about the intended change in behavior - is too limited. We propose that demonstrating behavior change is often infeasible as well as unnecessary for a meaningful contribution to HCI research, especially when in the early stages of design or when evaluating novel technologies. As an alternative, we suggest that HCI contributions should focus on efficacy evaluations that are tailored to the specific behavior-change intervention strategies (e.g., self-monitoring, conditioning) embodied in the system and studies that help gain a deep understanding of people's experiences with the technology.	How to evaluate technologies for health behavior change in HCI research	NA:NA:NA	2018
Madeline Balaam:Stefan Rennick Egglestone:Geraldine Fitzpatrick:Tom Rodden:Ann-Marie Hughes:Anna Wilkinson:Thomas Nind:Lesley Axelrod:Eric Harris:Ian Ricketts:Susan Mawson:Jane Burridge	How to motivate and support behaviour change through design is becoming of increasing interest to the CHI community. In this paper, we present our experiences of building systems that motivate people to engage in upper limb rehabilitation exercise after stroke. We report on participatory design work with four stroke survivors to develop a holistic understanding of their motivation and rehabilitation needs, and to construct and deploy engaging interactive systems that satisfy these. We reflect on the limits of motivational theories in trying to design for the lived experience of motivation and highlight lessons learnt around: helping people articulate what motivates them; balancing work, duty, fun; supporting motivation over time; and understanding the wider social context. From these we identify design guidelines that can inform a toolkit approach to support both scalability and personalisability.	Motivating mobility: designing for lived motivation in stroke rehabilitation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrea Taylor:Angus Aitken:David Godden:Judith Colligan	Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) is a common and debilitating lung condition. Pulmonary rehabilitation is effective in treating COPD. Rehabilitation, combining physical exercise with education, is usually undertaken in hospital or clinic-based groups led by a clinician. The support of the group is important. However, distance of travel, and mobility and transport problems can mean that patients are unable to participate. This paper describes a feasibility study to deliver a program to a group of patients in their own homes, improving accessibility. A novel videoconferencing system was installed in four patient's homes, connected to their TV and the Internet. A physiotherapist delivered a pulmonary rehabilitation program, involving twice-weekly exercise sessions for eight weeks. All were visible and audible to maintain the group-based approach of the conventional program. The technology performed well, satisfaction was high, and clinical improvements occurred in all patients, comparable to a conventional program. Larger studies are warranted.	Group pulmonary rehabilitation delivered to the home via the internet: feasibility and patient perception	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Keith Butler	NA	Session details: Software development & product support	NA	2018
Parmit K. Chilana:Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice	Despite being an important channel for end-user assistance, few studies have directly investigated the interactions that occur in modern-day practice of software product support. We present results from a multi-dimensional analysis of product support activities at a leading design software company. We carried out a quantitative analysis of existing support requests, a survey with product support specialists, and follow-up interviews to understand the current practices in product support. In particular, we investigated the utility of different multimedia formats that modern web-based support systems enable. Our results showed that despite the value that these formats bring to support tasks, support specialists still face bottlenecks in remotely resolving software problems. We conclude by highlighting several opportunities in HCI for improving diagnosis and resolution of software issues over the web.	Modern software product support processes and the usage of multimedia formats	NA:NA:NA	2018
Antti Oulasvirta:Joanna Bergstrom-Lehtovirta	Everyday activities often involve using an interactive device while one is handling various other physical objects (wallets, bags, doors, pens, mugs, etc.). This paper presents the Manual Multitasking Test, a test with 12 conditions emulating manual demands of everyday multitasking situations. It allows experimenters to expose the effects of design on "manual flexibility": users' ability to reconfigure the sensorimotor control of arms, hands, and fingers in order to regain the high performance levels they experience when using the device on its own. The test was deployed for pointing devices on laptops and Qwerty keyboards of mobile devices. In these studies, we identified facilitative design features whose absence explains, for example, why the mouse and stylus function poorly in multi-object performance. The issue deserves more attention, because interfaces that are nominally similar (e.g., "one-handed input") can vary dramatically in terms of "ease of juggling".	Ease of juggling: studying the effects of manual multitasking	NA:NA	2018
Philippe Palanque	NA	Session details: Multitasking & interruption	NA	2018
Gerard Kim:Hyeong Cheol Kim	In this paper, we explore the possibility of applying multimodal feedback to improve multitasking performance. For this purpose, we have devised a general multitasking test application, called the MSP-Blocks, which includes many basic elements of multitasking and can be used to carry out a variety of multimodal multitasking experiments. An experiment was run to study the effects of two factors (the number of jobs and types of multimodal feedback) to user task performance, specifically, interaction effort, concurrency, fairness and output quality. The results indicated that multimodal feedback did influence multitasking performance, and moreover, non-redundant multimodal feedback was more effective than no multimodality or redundant multimodality for tasks with reasonable difficulty, e.g. when the number of jobs was more than four.	Designing of multimodal feedback for enhanced multitasking performance	NA:NA	2018
Peter Bogunovich:Dario Salvucci	Previous studies of multitasking have highlighted the importance of cognitive load in interruptibility by showing that forced interruptions are least disruptive when cognitive load is low, and also that users prefer to address interruptions at low-load points when given a choice. We present an empirical study that uses a ringing-phone scenario to examine how users manage deferrable interruptions in the presence of varying time constraints. We found that while cognitive load did influence multitasking as expected, the time constraints placed on the user also had a significant impact. In particular, we observed three distinct strategies for addressing interruption: the expected strategy of switching at low-load points, but also two other strategies of continuing on after a low-load point or giving up at a high-load point. The presence of the latter two strategies strongly suggests that users can adapt their multitasking behavior with respect to the time constraints of the interrupting task.	The effects of time constraints on user behavior for deferrable interruptions	NA:NA	2018
Laura Dabbish:Gloria Mark:Víctor M. González	Self-interruptions account for a significant portion of task switching in information-centric work contexts. However, most of the research to date has focused on understanding, analyzing and designing for external interruptions. The causes of self-interruptions are not well understood. In this paper we present an analysis of 889 hours of observed task switching behavior from 36 individuals across three high-technology information work organizations. Our analysis suggests that self-interruption is a function of organizational environment and individual differences, but also external interruptions experienced. We find that people in open office environments interrupt themselves at a higher rate. We also find that people are significantly more likely to interrupt themselves to return to solitary work associated with central working spheres, suggesting that self-interruption occurs largely as a function of prospective memory events. The research presented contributes substantially to our understanding of attention and multitasking in context.	Why do i keep interrupting myself?: environment, habit and self-interruption	NA:NA:NA	2018
John Tang	NA	Session details: Organizations & enterprise	NA	2018
Wesley Willett:Jeffrey Heer:Joseph Hellerstein:Maneesh Agrawala	Collaborative visual analysis tools can enhance sensemaking by facilitating social interpretation and parallelization of effort. These systems enable distributed exploration and evidence gathering, allowing many users to pool their effort as they discuss and analyze the data. We explore how adding lightweight tag and link structure to comments can aid this analysis process. We present CommentSpace, a collaborative system in which analysts comment on visualizations and websites and then use tags and links to organize findings and identify others'" contributions. In a pair of studies comparing CommentSpace to a system without support for tags and links, we find that a small, fixed vocabulary of tags (question, hypothesis, to-do) and links (evidence-for, evidence-against) helps analysts more consistently and accurately classify evidence and establish common ground. We also find that managing and incentivizing participation is important for analysts to progress from exploratory analysis to deeper analytical tasks. Finally, we demonstrate that tags and links can help teams complete evidence gathering and synthesis tasks and that organizing comments using tags and links improves analytic results.	CommentSpace: structured support for collaborative visual analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jina Huh:Mark W. Newman:Mark S. Ackerman	In this paper, we seek to advance the research around utilizing collaborative help for supporting individualized use of technologies. We do this by shedding light on the ways that users of MythTV, a highly flexible open-source software system for home entertainment enthusiasts, collaboratively help one another in maintaining their individualized MythTV systems. By analyzing the MythTV user community's mailing list archive, documentation, and wiki, coupled with user interviews we discuss how the community utilizes configuration artifacts as proxies to easily mobilize and exchange knowledge. While exchanging concrete artifacts such as scripts and configuration files was seen to sometimes increase the efficiency of knowledge transfer, it also presented several challenges. Negotiating the transparency of configuration artifacts, navigating the customization and appropriation gulfs, and aligning usage trajectories all emerged as problematic areas. We discuss design implications that address these challenges. Our findings provide a crucial understanding for how to support users in their individualized use of systems.	Supporting collaborative help for individualized use	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jean M. Costa:Marcelo Cataldo:Cleidson R. de Souza	The past decade has witnessed the development of a new class of coordination tools that focus on automatically providing individuals a rich context for facilitating the coordination of their work. Despite their valuable contributions, current coordination tools have mostly been designed without taking into account scalability aspects beyond the small-group level. The increasing pervasiveness of large-scale projects suggests that those mechanisms need to scale dramatically to adequately support such work settings. In this paper, we used data from five distinct large-scale projects from three different companies to study the scale, range, and volatility of the coordination requirements that emerged over time within those projects. Our results showed that coordination requirements tend to be quite volatile, vary significantly in their magnitude across project members and a significant proportion of the coordination requirements cut across organizational and geographical boundaries. Furthermore, new coordination requirements represent, on average, a third of the coordination requirements faced by a project member on a monthly basis. The implications of these results for the design of collaborative tools are discussed.	The scale and evolution of coordination needs in large-scale distributed projects: implications for the future generation of collaborative tools	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jalal Mahmud:Tara Matthews:Steve Whittaker:Tom Moran:Tessa Lau	New enterprise tools (wikis, team spaces, social tags) offer potential benefits for enterprise collaboration, providing shared resources to organize work. However, a vast amount of collaboration still takes place by email. But email is problematic for collaboration because information may be distributed across multiple messages in an overloaded inbox. Email also increases workload as each individual has to manage their own versions of collaborative materials. We present a novel system, Topika that integrates email with collaboration tools. It allows users to continue to use email while also enjoying the benefits of these dedicated tools. When a user composes an email Topika analyzes the message and suggests relevant shared spaces (e.g., wiki pages) within the user's collaboration tools. This allows her to post the email to those spaces. An evaluation of Topika's suggestion algorithm shows that it performs well at accurately suggesting shared spaces.	Topika: integrating collaborative sharing with email	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pei-Yu Chi:Henry Lieberman	Social media enables people to share personal experiences, often through real-time media such as chat. People also record their life experiences in media collections, with photos and video. However, today's social media force a choice between real-time communication, and authoring a coherent story illustrated with digital media. There is simply not enough time in real-time communication to select and compose coherent multimedia stories. We present Raconteur, which introduces a new style of social media combining aspects of the real-time and authored styles of communication. It is structured around a text chat, augmented by an agent that continuously interprets the chat text to suggest appropriate media elements to illustrate the story. A small experiment shows that storytellers find Raconteur's suggestions helpful in presenting their experiences, and audiences find the interaction engaging.	Raconteur: integrating authored and real-time social media	NA:NA	2018
Matthew Kam	NA	Session details: Books & language	NA	2018
Darren Edge:Elly Searle:Kevin Chiu:Jing Zhao:James A. Landay	Learning a new language is hard, but learning to use it confidently in conversations with native speakers is even harder. From our field research with language learners, with support from Cognitive Psychology and Second Language Acquisition, we argue for the value of contextual microlearning in the many breaks spread across different places and throughout the day. We present a mobile application that supports such microlearning by leveraging the location-based service Foursquare to automatically provide contextually relevant content in the world's major cities. In an evaluation of Mandarin Chinese learning, a four-week, 23-user study spanning Beijing and Shanghai compared this contextual system to a system based on word frequency. Study sessions with the contextual version lasted half as long but occurred in twice as many places as sessions with the frequency version, suggesting a complementary relationship between the two approaches.	MicroMandarin: mobile language learning in context	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Trusty:Khai N. Truong	The busyness of everyday life means that those with casual interest in additional learning opportunities are often unable to schedule regular time and effort for studying. In this paper, we explore how to augment information technologies that people use on a daily basis to create micro-learning opportunities. In particular, we examine how a person's existing Web browsing experience-with first language Web pages-can be augmented to teach them second language vocabulary. We present a prototype, ALOE, which runs inside the Firefox Web browser and dynamically augments Web pages by replacing a selected set of English words with their foreign translations. The foreign translations are embedded in the rich context of a Web page's existing English text to promote incidental learning and guessing from context of the translated words. Through a two month user evaluation of ALOE, we found that most participants were able to learn an average of 50 new French vocabulary words.	Augmenting the web for second language vocabulary learning	NA:NA	2018
Akihiro Miyata:Ko Fujimura	We present a method of document area identification that utilizes consecutive characters in the non-reading direction as search keys. We use this method to develop a prototype system called Kappan. It enables service providers and users to create hyperlinks in books without markers. Existing techniques generally require markers to be printed on the page if a hyperlink is to be created. We consider that utilizing the concept of the search index makes markers unnecessary. Kappan associates indexed text areas in a large number of books with supporting digital contents. The indexed text areas, freely defined by service providers or users, are identified by subjecting images of small areas of the printed page to OCR (Optical Character Recognition) and extracting from the text so recognized highly specific and efficient search keys. Traditional text indexing methods must extract long character sequences from the partial image in order to identify the area exactly given the sheer number of book pages. However, considering that the average OCR error rate is more than 20 percent if the partial image is captured by a camera-equipped cellular phone, it is highly probable that many characters would be misrecognized and area identification would thus fail. In contrast, our indexing method can extract area-specific clues using fewer characters that can identify the area exactly even when the partial image is small and the extracted text contains misrecognized characters. An experiment proves that our method can identify the exact area from more than one million areas with the high accuracy rates of 99 percent and 96 percent for OCR error rates of 0 percent and 22 percent, respectively.	Document area identification for extending books without markers	NA:NA	2018
Jennifer Pearson:George Buchanan:Harold Thimbleby	Reading is increasingly being performed interactively on-screen; for instance, new novels are now routinely released in electronic format for viewing on PCs and mobile devices. Unfortunately, on-screen reading loses many of the natural features of conventional physical media, such as the ability to annotate, slip in bookmarks, turn page corners, and so on. How best should these features be represented electronically? Can computerized representations give benefits that excel the conventional benefits of paper? We describe the design and implementation of a novel reading system that mimics key properties of paper and surpasses them by incorporating digital techniques. A comparative user study evaluating the system confirmed the effectiveness of the features and the value of the system as a whole.	The reading desk: applying physical interactions to digital documents	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rupal Patel:William Furr	We present a method for displaying prosody, the melody of speech, to aid beginning readers with fluent oral reading. We build on proven auditory techniques by manipulating and augmenting text in children's stories. The acoustic properties of a fluent recording are used to construct visualizations of pitch, loudness and length variations in read samples aligned with text. Our initial approach was to directly manipulate text, which was tested on ten children who showed significant increases in pitch modulation with manipulated text but reported difficulty with word recognition. This motivated designing the augmented text renderings, which display prosodic cues layered with text. Manipulated and augmented texts were compared with two beginning readers. Children showed similar prosodic gains with both versions and reported greater satisfaction with augmented pitch cues. Visual prosodic cues show promise for improving reading fluency in early readers and may have applications for disability education and second language learning.	ReadN'Karaoke: visualizing prosody in children's books for expressive oral reading	NA:NA	2018
John Karat	NA	Session details: Privacy	NA	2018
David H. Nguyen:Aurora Bedford:Alexander Gerard Bretana:Gillian R. Hayes	In this paper, we present the results of an empirical study of perceptions towards pervasive video recording. We describe a commonly used model for understanding information privacy, the Concern for Information Privacy (CFIP) model, and present the ways that this model and its associated questionnaire can shed light on information privacy concerns about pervasive and ubiquitous computing technologies. Specifically, the CFIP model encourages analysis of data across four facets of experience: the collection of personal data, the risk of improper access, the potential for unauthorized secondary use, and the challenge of preventing or correcting errors in the data. We further identify areas not well handled by this model of information privacy and suggest avenues for future work, including research on how and when to notify people about recording technologies, awareness of data provenance and leakage, and understanding of and access to the data assemblage being created about individuals.	Situating the concern for information privacy through an empirical study of responses to video recording	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Airi Lampinen:Vilma Lehtinen:Asko Lehmuskallio:Sakari Tamminen	The workload needed for managing privacy and publicness in current social network services (SNSs) is placed on individuals, yet people have few means to control what others disclose about them. This paper considers SNS-users' concerns in relation to online disclosure and the ways in which they cope with these both individually and collaboratively. While previous work has focused mainly on individual coping strategies, our findings from a qualitative study with 27 participants suggest that collaborative strategies in boundary regulation are of additional importance. We present a framework of strategies for boundary regulation that informs both theoretical work and design practice related to management of disclosure in SNSs. The framework considers disclosure as an interpersonal process of boundary regulation, in which people are dependent on what others choose to disclose about them. The paper concludes by proposing design solutions supportive of collaborative and preventive strategies in boundary regulation that facilitate the management of disclosure online.	We're in it together: interpersonal management of disclosure in social network services	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alastair J. Gill:Asimina Vasalou:Chrysanthi Papoutsi:Adam N. Joinson	Privacy is frequently a key concern relating to technology and central to HCI research, yet it is notoriously difficult to study in a naturalistic way. In this paper we describe and evaluate a dictionary of privacy designed for content analysis, derived using prototype theory and informed by traditional theoretical approaches to privacy. We evaluate our dictionary categories alongside privacy-related categories from an existing content analysis tool, LIWC, using verbal discussions of privacy issues from a variety of technology and non-technology contexts. We find that our privacy dictionary is better able to distinguish between privacy and non-privacy language, and is less context-dependent than LIWC. However, the more general LIWC categories are able to describe a greater amount of variation in our data. We discuss possible improvements to the privacy dictionary and note future work.	Privacy dictionary: a linguistic taxonomy of privacy for content analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sarita Yardi:Amy Bruckman	With millions of teenagers on the Internet, millions of parents are trying to understand what their teens are doing and why. Understanding how technology use impacts teens' learning, growth, and social development is critical for their health and wellbeing and for the welfare of the family. Yet, balancing parent authority with teen privacy and autonomy is difficult. We conducted an interview study with 16 parents to examine challenges in "technoparenting" - parenting teens' technology use. Parents said they wanted more transparency in their teens' use of cell phones and the Internet and they struggled with their own unfamiliarity with technology. Technoparenting is a distributed problem and, surprisingly, parents wanted support and collaboration from the broader community. We conclude with design implications for a socially translucent "digital window".	Social and technical challenges in parenting teens' social media use	NA:NA	2018
Anne Roudaut	NA	Session details: Tactile interaction	NA	2018
Shiri Azenkot:Sanjana Prasain:Alan Borning:Emily Fortuna:Richard E. Ladner:Jacob O. Wobbrock	Blind and deaf-blind people often rely on public transit for everyday mobility, but using transit can be challenging for them. We conducted semi-structured interviews with 13 blind and deaf-blind people to understand how they use public transit and what human values were important to them in this domain. Two key values were identified: independence and safety. We developed GoBraille, two related Braille-based applications that provide information about buses and bus stops while supporting the key values. GoBraille is built on MoBraille, a novel framework that enables a Braille display to benefit from many features in a smartphone without knowledge of proprietary, device-specific protocols. Finally, we conducted user studies with blind people to demonstrate that GoBraille enables people to travel more independently and safely. We also conducted co-design with a deaf-blind person, finding that a minimalist interface, with short input and output messages, was most effective for this population.	Enhancing independence and safety for blind and deaf-blind public transit riders	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jerome Pasquero:Scott J. Stobbe:Noel Stonehouse	We present a haptic wristwatch prototype that makes it possible to acquire information from a companion mobile device through simple eyes-free gestures. The wristwatch we have built uses a custom-made piezoelectric actuator combined with sensors to create a natural, inconspicuous, gesture-based interface. Feedback is returned to the user in the form of haptic stimuli that are delivered to the wrist. We evaluated the capabilities and limitations of our prototype through two user experiments. One experiment verified that the apparatus could be used as a tactile notification mechanism. The other experiment assessed the feasibility of using a cover-and-hold gesture on the wristwatch to obtain numerical data tactually. Results from the numerosity experiment and feedback from participants prompted us to redesign the cover-and-hold gesture to provide users with additional control over the interaction. We qualitatively evaluated the redesigned interaction by handing the prototype to users so that they could use it in a realistic work environment. Taken together, results from the experiments and the validation process indicate that a wrist accessory can be effectively used to perform discreet, closed-loop, eyes-free interactions with a mobile device.	A haptic wristwatch for eyes-free interactions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Idin Karuei:Karon E. MacLean:Zoltan Foley-Fisher:Russell MacKenzie:Sebastian Koch:Mohamed El-Zohairy	In this paper we explore the potential and limitations of vibrotactile displays in practical wearable applications, by comparing users' detection rate and response time to stimuli applied across the body in varied conditions. We examined which body locations are more sensitive to vibrations and more affected by movement; whether visual workload, expectation of location, or gender impact performance; and if users have subjective preferences to any of these conditions. In two experiments we compared these factors using five vibration intensities on up to 13 body locations. Our contributions are comparisons of tactile detection performance under conditions typifying mobile use, an experiment design that supports further investigation in vibrotactile communication, and guidelines for optimal display location given intended use.	Detecting vibrations across the body in mobile contexts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jerome Pasquero:Vincent Hayward	We evaluated the use of rich tactile feedback in the task of scrolling through a long list of items. We used a hand-held device having a tactile transducer that could provide sensations with temporal and spatial content. These capabilities were put to use in an interaction metaphor where input and tactile feedback were tightly coupled. We measured time- to-target and error rates, but also measured the time spent by participants to look at the screen. We found a 28% decrease of reliance on vision when tactile feedback was enabled.	Tactile feedback can assist vision during mobile interactions	NA:NA	2018
Jani Lylykangas:Veikko Surakka:Katri Salminen:Jukka Raisamo:Pauli Laitinen:Kasper Rönning:Roope Raisamo	The present aim was to study the preference of tactile feedback stimulations given by non-physical (i.e., solid) piezo-actuated buttons. Participants (n=16) ranked 16 different tactile feedback stimuli varied by 4 output delays and 4 vibration durations. The results showed that the mean ranks of the stimuli differed significantly from each other. The timing parameters of delay and duration interacted with each other, for example, so that preference of certain vibration duration fluctuated in response to different output delays. Using a very short time window (i.e., 10-453 ms) combining both delay and duration parameters of the feedback could result either in favorable or significantly less favorable subjective experience. The results suggest that a preferred perception of tactile feedback from non-physical buttons requires careful design and controlling of the timing parameters.	Designing tactile feedback for piezo buttons	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anne Marie Piper	NA	Session details: Tabletop & wall displays	NA	2018
Craig S. Tashman:W. Keith Edwards	Active reading, involving acts such as highlighting, writing notes, etc., is an important part of knowledge workers' activities. Most computer-based active reading support seeks to replicate the affordances of paper, but paper has limitations, being in many ways inflexible. In this paper we introduce LiquidText, a computer-based active reading system that takes a fundamentally different approach, offering a flexible, fluid document representation built on multitouch input, with a range of interaction techniques designed to facilitate the activities of active reading. We report here on our design for LiquidText, its interactions and gesture vocabulary, and our design process, including formative user evaluations which helped shape the final system.	LiquidText: a flexible, multitouch environment to support active reading	NA:NA	2018
Leonardo Giusti:Massimo Zancanaro:Eynat Gal:Patrice L. (Tamar) Weiss	In this paper we describe a co-located suite of games on a tabletop device to support social competence training for children with Autism Spectrum Disorder. This suite has been designed to use patterns of collaboration to support therapists in their use of Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy (CBT). In this paper, we discuss the observations collected during a field study where two therapists used the system for social competence training sessions with 8 children. We conclude with lessons learned from meshing software enhanced collaboration within the CBT model.	Dimensions of collaboration on a tabletop interface for children with autism spectrum disorder	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Seth Hunter:Pattie Maes:Stacey Scott:Henry Kaufman	This paper presents the design, implementation, and evaluation of an interactive tabletop system that supports co-located meeting capture and asynchronous search and review of past meetings. The goal of the project is to evaluate the design of a conference table that augments the everyday work patterns of small collaborative groups by incorporating an integrated annotation system. We present a holistic design that values hardware ergonomics, supports heterogeneous input modalities, generates a memory of all user interactions, and provides access to historical data on and off the table. We present a user evaluation that assesses the usefulness of the input modalities and software features, and validates the effectiveness of the MemTable system as a tool for assisting memory recall.	MemTable: an integrated system for capture and recall of shared histories in group workspaces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
William Hutama:Peng Song:Chi-Wing Fu:Wooi Boon Goh	While very large collaborative surfaces are already being widely employed to facilitate concurrent interactions with multiple users, they involve no personalization in the touch interactions. Augmenting them to identify the touch interactions with multiple smart-phones can enable interesting co-located communal applications with context-based personalized interactions and information exchange amongst users' portable devices and the shared wall display. This paper proposes a novel matching technique, called tilt correlation, which employs the built-in tilt sensor to identify smart-phones that make concurrent two-point contacts on a common multi-touch wall display. Experimental investigations suggest that the resultant error rate is relatively low; in addition, we also propose a quantitative measure, called the Bourne Identity Index to allow application designers to determine the reliability of each device identification.	Distinguishing multiple smart-phone interactions on a multi-touch wall display using tilt correlation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ru Zarin:Daniel Fallman	We describe the interaction design process of conceiving, designing, implementing, and testing Trollskogen, a purpose-built tabletop multitouch system featuring a range of small software applications, termed 'micro applications'. Each micro application is devised as a tool intended to improve or allow for exercise of social communication skills. Throughout the project, we have worked closely with a group of six children diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) or Down's syndrome, all in the age range of 5-8. The system has been designed together with the users, their teachers, and various experts as a complement to the current curricula. In this paper, the three main phases of our design process are described and we conclude the paper by reporting on and discussing some preliminary findings and observations from a small user study.	Through the troll forest: exploring tabletop interaction design for children with special cognitive needs	NA:NA	2018
Gavin Doherty	NA	Session details: Doctor-patient care	NA	2018
Rose Johnson:Kenton O'Hara:Abigail Sellen:Claire Cousins:Antonio Criminisi	The growth of image-guided procedures in surgical settings has led to an increased need to interact with digital images under sterile conditions. Traditional touch-based interaction techniques present challenges for managing asepsis in these environments leading to suggestions that new touchless interaction techniques may provide a compelling set of alternatives. In this paper we explore the potential for touchless interaction in image-guided Interventional Radiology (IR) through an ethnographic study. The findings highlight how the distribution of labour and spatial practices of this work are organised with respect to concerns about asepsis and radiation exposure, the physical and cognitive demands of artefact manipulation, patient management, and the construction of "professional vision". We discuss the implications of these key features of the work for touchless interaction technologies within IR and suggest that such issues will be of central importance in considering new input techniques in other medical settings.	Exploring the potential for touchless interaction in image-guided interventional radiology	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tao Ni:Amy K. Karlson:Daniel Wigdor	In this paper, we explore the use of a projection-based handheld device to facilitate in-clinic doctor-patient communication. We present the user-centered design process used to understand the workflow of medical professionals and to identify challenges they currently face in communicating information to patients. Based on the lessons learned, we developed AnatOnMe, a prototype projection-based hand-held system for enhancing information exchange in the current practice of one medical sub-specialty, physical therapy. We then present the results of a controlled experiment to understand the desirability and learning tradeoffs of using AnatOnMe to teach medical concepts on three potential projection surfaces - wall, model, and patient body. Finally, we present results of two expert reviews of the system.	AnatOnMe: facilitating doctor-patient communication using a projection-based handheld device	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yunan Chen:Victor Ngo:Sidney Harrison:Victoria Duong	The presence of computers - especially desktops - takes significant time and attention away from patients during medical visits. As a result, patients may feel disengaged and disregarded. In this study, we examined the impact of using "Computer-on-Wheels" (COWs) in exam-rooms. We found physicians constantly reorienting and resituating exam-room computers to different positions during the three stages of a medical visit: communication-intensive phase, lecturing phase and ordering phase. We refer to this behavior as micro-negotiation of computer-use. Analysis of its usage patterns, as well as physician and patient perceptions, show that micro-negotiations facilitate eye contact expression and encourage patient participation in medical visits. In addition, we identify two tensions and two unintended benefits resulting from micro-negotiations. These findings lead us to consider new modes of negotiation in the exam-room that could alleviate the tensions identified while enabling physicians to continue enjoying micro-negotiation benefits in their work practice.	Unpacking exam-room computing: negotiating computer-use in patient-physician interactions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaomu Zhou:Mark Ackerman:Kai Zheng	We conducted an ethnographically based study at a large teaching hospital to examine clinician workarounds engendered by the adoption of a Computerized Prescribe Order Entry (CPOE) system. Specifically, we investigated how adoption of computerized systems may alter medical practice, order management in particular, as manifested through the working-around behavior developed by doctors and nurses to accommodate the changes in their day-to-day work environment. In this paper, we focus on clinicians' workarounds, including those workarounds that gradually disappeared and those that have become routinized. Further, we extend the CSCW concept of boundary object (to "assemblage") in order to understand the workarounds created with CPOE system use and the changing nature of clinical practices that are increasingly computerized.	CPOE workarounds, boundary objects, and assemblages	NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Ko	NA	Session details: Developers & end-user programmers	NA	2018
Sean Kandel:Andreas Paepcke:Joseph Hellerstein:Jeffrey Heer	Though data analysis tools continue to improve, analysts still expend an inordinate amount of time and effort manipulating data and assessing data quality issues. Such "data wrangling" regularly involves reformatting data values or layout, correcting erroneous or missing values, and integrating multiple data sources. These transforms are often difficult to specify and difficult to reuse across analysis tasks, teams, and tools. In response, we introduce Wrangler, an interactive system for creating data transformations. Wrangler combines direct manipulation of visualized data with automatic inference of relevant transforms, enabling analysts to iteratively explore the space of applicable operations and preview their effects. Wrangler leverages semantic data types (e.g., geographic locations, dates, classification codes) to aid validation and type conversion. Interactive histories support review, refinement, and annotation of transformation scripts. User study results show that Wrangler significantly reduces specification time and promotes the use of robust, auditable transforms instead of manual editing.	Wrangler: interactive visual specification of data transformation scripts	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jens Gerken:Hans-Christian Jetter:Michael Zöllner:Martin Mader:Harald Reiterer	Application programming interfaces (APIs) are the interfaces to existing code structures, such as widgets, frameworks, or toolkits. Therefore, they very much do have an impact on the quality of the resulting system. So, ensuring that developers can make the most out of them is an important challenge. However standard usability evaluation methods as known from HCI have limitations in grasping the interaction between developer and API as most IDEs (essentially the GUI) capture only part of it. In this paper we present the Concept Map method to study the usability of an API over time. This allows us to elicit the mental model of a programmer when using an API and thereby identify usability issues and learning barriers and their development over time.	The concept maps method as a tool to evaluate the usability of APIs	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tony Gjerlufsen:Clemens Nylandsted Klokmose:James Eagan:Clément Pillias:Michel Beaudouin-Lafon	This paper presents a novel middleware for developing flexible interactive multi-surface applications. Using a scenario-based approach, we identify the requirements for this type of applications. We then introduce Substance, a data-oriented framework that decouples functionality from data, and Shared Substance, a middleware implemented in Substance that provides powerful sharing abstractions. We describe our implementation of two applications with Shared Substance and discuss the insights gained from these experiments. Our finding is that the combination of a data-oriented programming model with middleware support for sharing data and functionality provides a flexible, robust solution with low viscosity at both design-time and run-time.	Shared substance: developing flexible multi-surface applications	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alex Olwal:Dimitris Lachanas:Ermioni Zacharouli	Mobile devices are currently difficult to customize for the usability needs of elderly users. The elderly are instead referred to specially designed "senior phones" or software add-ons. These tend to compromise in functionality as they attempt to solve many disabilities in a single solution. We present OldGen, a prototype framework where a novel concept enables accessibility features on generic mobile devices, by decoupling the software user interface from the phone's physical form factor. This opens up for better customization of the user interface, its functionality and behavior, and makes it possible to adapt it to the specific needs of each individual. OldGen makes the user interface portable, such that it could be moved between different phone hardware, regardless of model and brand. Preliminary observations and evaluations with elderly users indicate that this concept could address individual user interface related accessibility issues on general-purpose devices.	OldGen: mobile phone personalization for older adults	NA:NA:NA	2018
Paul Gross:Jennifer Yang:Caitlin Kelleher	The web holds an abundance of source code examples with the potential to become learning resources for any end-user. However, for some end-users these examples may be unusable. An example is unusable if a user cannot select the code in the example that corresponds to their interests. Research suggests that non-programmers struggle to correctly select the code responsible for interesting output functionality. In this paper we present Dinah: an interface to support non-programmers with selecting code causing graphical output. Dinah assists non-programmers by providing concurrency support and in-context affordances for statement replay and temporally based navigation.	Dinah: an interface to assist non-programmers with selecting program code causing graphical output	NA:NA:NA	2018
Robert Kraut	NA	Session details: Incentives & user generated content	NA	2018
Abhay Sukumaran:Stephanie Vezich:Melanie McHugh:Clifford Nass	We describe two experiments on whether individual thoughtful effort during online commenting is shaped by situational norms derived from the behavior of social others and the design of the environment, respectively. By measuring the length of participants' comments on a news website, the time taken to write them, and the number of issue-relevant thoughts they contain, we demonstrate that participants conform to high vs. low norms of thoughtfulness manifested through either the apparent behavior of other users or through visual, textual and interactional design features conceptually associated with thoughtfulness. Theoretical and applied insights for designing online participatory environments are discussed.	Normative influences on thoughtful online participation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Judd Antin	Perceptions of information products such as Wikipedia can depend on assumptions and stereotypes about the people who create them. As new Wikipedians consider contributing they are likely to apply such assumptions and ask themselves: "Are Wikipedia contributors my kind of people? Is this a group I'd like to belong to?" In this qualitative study I address the potential challenge of these questions by exploring readers and infrequent editors' perceptions of Wikipedia contributors and their motivations. Through analysis of twenty semi-structured interviews, I find evidence of strong negative perceptions as well as positive ones which nonetheless prevent users from identifying with active Wikipedia contributors. I argue that these perceptions present a barrier to the progression of participation over time. I conclude by discussing the practical challenges of my findings for Wikipedia and other online collaborative systems.	My kind of people?: perceptions about wikipedia contributors and their motivations	NA	2018
Andrés Monroy-Hernández:Benjamin Mako Hill:Jazmin Gonzalez-Rivero:danah boyd	In this paper, we explore the role that attribution plays in shaping user reactions to content reuse, or remixing, in a large user-generated content community. We present two studies using data from the Scratch online community - a social media platform where hundreds of thousands of young people share and remix animations and video games. First, we present a quantitative analysis that examines the effects of a technological design intervention introducing automated attribution of remixes on users' reactions to being remixed. We compare this analysis to a parallel examination of "manual" credit-giving. Second, we present a qualitative analysis of twelve in-depth, semi-structured, interviews with Scratch participants on the subject of remixing and attribution. Results from both studies suggest that automatic attribution done by technological systems (i.e., the listing of names of contributors) plays a role that is distinct from, and less valuable than, credit which may superficially involve identical information but takes on new meaning when it is given by a human remixer. We discuss the implications of these findings for the designers of online communities and social media platforms.	Computers can't give credit: how automatic attribution falls short in an online remixing community	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Haiyi Zhu:Robert E. Kraut:Yi-Chia Wang:Aniket Kittur	In this paper, we introduce a method to measure shared leadership in Wikipedia as a step in developing a new model of online leadership. We show that editors with varying degrees of engagement and from peripheral as well as central roles all act like leaders, but that core and peripheral editors show different profiles of leadership behavior. Specifically, we developed machine learning models to automatically identify four types of leadership behaviors from 4 million messages sent between Wikipedia editors. We found strong evidence of shared leadership in Wikipedia, with editors in peripheral roles producing a large proportion of leadership behaviors.	Identifying shared leadership in Wikipedia	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gary Hsieh:Scott E. Hudson:Robert E. Kraut	This study explores whether certain contribution incentives for online user-generated content can undermine or enhance contributor's credibility. In an online experiment, we found that contributors who are rewarded with donations made in their names are perceived to be more credible than contributors who are financially compensated through revenue-sharing or contribute voluntarily. In addition, disclosing the chosen charity for donation can also impact credibility. Content viewer's self-identification with charity and the congruency between charity and content topic are both factors that may enhance credibility. Our findings lead to practical implications on when and how to use contribution incentives to enhance credibility.	Donate for credibility: how contribution incentives can improve credibility	NA:NA:NA	2018
Laura Dabbish	NA	Session details: Courriel	NA	2018
Jaclyn Wainer:Laura Dabbish:Robert Kraut	The quantity of email people receive each day can be overwhelming. Previous research suggests that when handling email, individuals prioritize certain messages for attention over others. Since people generally make this decision about which message to read before opening the email, the question largely unanswered in the email literature is: what surface features of an email draw attention to it? In this research, we examined how top-level cues about an email's content influence attention to email. We describe results from a think-aloud study examining people's stated rationale for prioritizing certain emails over others. Based on these results and theory on curiosity, we conducted an experiment examining how message importance, subject line specificity, workload and personal utility influence attention to email. Results suggest that uncertainty about message content at the inbox level increases the likelihood of attention to a message. The influence of uncertainty diminishes, however, in the face of enhanced task and personal utility cues and increased demand, suggesting that curiosity operates in an intrinsic way in the email context. Our results have implications for intelligent email system design, email client interfaces, and reducing email strain.	Should I open this email?: inbox-level cues, curiosity and attention to email	NA:NA:NA	2018
Steve Whittaker:Tara Matthews:Julian Cerruti:Hernan Badenes:John Tang	We all spend time every day looking for information in our email, yet we know little about this refinding process. Some users expend considerable preparatory effort creating complex folder structures to promote effective refinding. However modern email clients provide alternative opportunistic methods for access, such as search and threading, that promise to reduce the need to manually prepare. To compare these different refinding strategies, we instrumented a modern email client that supports search, folders, tagging and threading. We carried out a field study of 345 long-term users who conducted over 85,000 refinding actions. Our data support opportunistic access. People who create complex folders indeed rely on these for retrieval, but these preparatory behaviors are inefficient and do not improve retrieval success. In contrast, both search and threading promote more effective finding. We present design implications: current search-based clients ignore scrolling, the most prevalent refinding behavior, and threading approaches need to be extended.	Am I wasting my time organizing email?: a study of email refinding	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Changyan Chi:Michelle Zhou:Wenpeng Xiao:Min Yang:Eric Wilcox	Dandelion is a wiki-based tool that supports coordinated, collaborative authoring. In this paper, we present an ex-tended version of Dandelion, which provides an email inter-face for users to accomplish their tasks by email in a coordinated, collaborative authoring process. Specifically, Dandelion employs a semi-structured, template-based approach that allows users to use templates to specify their requests in email. These emailed requests can be interpreted by Dandelion and are then used to automatically drive the collaboration flow. As part of its actions, Dandelion automatically creates a wiki page and dynamically updates it to record co-authoring tasks and collate co-authored content. As a result, users can use their familiar tool (email) to accomplish their tasks in a co-authoring process, while leveraging a wiki for additional benefits (e.g., obtaining collaboration awareness and formatting the text). Our preliminary study with two groups of users shows the usefulness of both Dandelion email and wiki features and their impact on collaboration effectiveness.	Using email to facilitate wiki-based coordinated, collaborative authoring	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Blythe:Helen Petrie:John A. Clark	This paper reports findings from a multi-method set of four studies that investigate why we continue to fall for phish. Current security advice suggests poor spelling and grammar in emails can be signs of phish. But a content analysis of a phishing archive indicates that many such emails contain no obvious spelling or grammar mistakes and often use convincing logos and letterheads. An online survey of 224 people finds that although phish are detected approximately 80% of the time, those with logos are significantly harder to detect. A qualitative interview study was undertaken to better understand the strategies used to identify phish. Blind users were selected because it was thought they may be more vulnerable to phishing attacks, however they demonstrated robust strategies for identifying phish based on careful reading of emails. Finally an analysis was undertaken of phish as a literary form. This identifies the main literary device employed as pastiche and draws on critical theory to consider why security based pastiche may be currently very persuasive.	F for fake: four studies on how we fall for phish	NA:NA:NA	2018
Terry Winograd	NA	Filling in the H in HCI	NA	2018
Larry Tesler	NA	What's It Like To Design A User Interface for Six Billion People?	NA	2018
Clayton Lewis	NA	Technology, Diversity, Flexibility	NA	2018
Alan Newell	NA	Older People a commercial imperative	NA	2018
Desney Tan	NA	CHI 2011 Welcome	NA	2018
Howard Rheingold	NA	Explorations of Social Media Literacies in Teaching and Learning	NA	2018
Wendy Kellogg:Bo Begole	NA	CHI 2011 Technical Program	NA:NA	2018
Paul André:Max L. Wilson	NA	CHI Madness: Part 1	NA:NA	2018
Bill Buxton	NA	An informal walk through 35 years of collecting the history of interactive devices	NA	2018
Paul André:Max Wilson	NA	CHI Madness: Part 2	NA:NA	2018
Ed Chi:Peter Pirolli:Bonnie John:Judith Olson:Dan Russel:Tom Moran	NA	Festschrift panel in honor of Stuart K. Card	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Paul André:Max Wilson	NA	CHI Madness: Part 3	NA:NA	2018
Paul André:Max Wilson	NA	CHI Madness: Part 4	NA:NA	2018
Tessa Lau	NA	Session details: AI & machine-learning & translation	NA	2018
Todd Kulesza:Simone Stumpf:Margaret Burnett:Irwin Kwan	What does a user need to know to productively work with an intelligent agent? Intelligent agents and recommender systems are gaining widespread use, potentially creating a need for end users to understand how these systems operate in order to fix their agent's personalized behavior. This paper explores the effects of mental model soundness on such personalization by providing structural knowledge of a music recommender system in an empirical study. Our findings show that participants were able to quickly build sound mental models of the recommender system's reasoning, and that participants who most improved their mental models during the study were significantly more likely to make the recommender operate to their satisfaction. These results suggest that by helping end users understand a system's reasoning, intelligent agents may elicit more and better feedback, thus more closely aligning their output with each user's intentions.	Tell me more?: the effects of mental model soundness on personalizing an intelligent agent	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel Szafir:Bilge Mutlu	Embodied agents hold great promise as educational assistants, exercise coaches, and team members in collaborative work. These roles require agents to closely monitor the behavioral, emotional, and mental states of their users and provide appropriate, effective responses. Educational agents, for example, will have to monitor student attention and seek to improve it when student engagement decreases. In this paper, we draw on techniques from brain-computer interfaces (BCI) and knowledge from educational psychology to design adaptive agents that monitor student attention in real time using measurements from electroencephalography (EEG) and recapture diminishing attention levels using verbal and nonverbal cues. An experimental evaluation of our approach showed that an adaptive robotic agent employing behavioral techniques to regain attention during drops in engagement improved student recall abilities 43% over the baseline regardless of student gender and significantly improved female motivation and rapport. Our findings offer guidelines for developing effective adaptive agents, particularly for educational settings.	Pay attention!: designing adaptive agents that monitor and improve user engagement	NA:NA	2018
Saleema Amershi:James Fogarty:Daniel Weld	We present ReGroup, a novel end-user interactive machine learning system for helping people create custom, on demand groups in online social networks. As a person adds members to a group, ReGroup iteratively learns a probabilistic model of group membership specific to that group. ReGroup then uses its currently learned model to suggest additional members and group characteristics for filtering. Our evaluation shows that ReGroup is effective for helping people create large and varied groups, whereas traditional methods (searching by name or selecting from an alphabetical list) are better suited for small groups whose members can be easily recalled by name. By facilitating on demand group creation, ReGroup can enable in-context sharing and potentially encourage better online privacy practices. In addition, applying interactive machine learning to social network group creation introduces several challenges for designing effective end-user interaction with machine learning. We identify these challenges and discuss how we address them in ReGroup.	Regroup: interactive machine learning for on-demand group creation in social networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Luis Leiva:Vicent Alabau	Automatic localization of cultural resources and UIs is crucial for the survival of minority languages, for which there are insufficient parallel corpora (or no corpus at all) to build machine translation systems. This paper proposes a new way to compensate for such resource-scarce languages, based on the fact that most languages share a common vocabulary. Concretely, our approach leverages a family of languages closely related to the speaker's native language to construct translations in a coherent mix of these languages. Experimental results indicate that these translations can be easily understood, being also a useful aid for users who are not proficient in foreign languages. Therefore this work significantly contributes to HCI in two ways: it establishes a language that can improve how applications communicate to their users, and it reports insights on the user acceptance towards the method.	Monsieur, azonnal kövessen engem bitte!: an automatically generated interlanguage tailored to speakers of minority but culturally influenced languages	NA:NA	2018
Adam Fourney:Ben Lafreniere:Richard Mann:Michael Terry	This paper presents a recognizer for identifying references to user interface components in online documentation. The recognizer first extracts phrases matching a list of known components, then employs a classifier to reject coincidental matches. We describe why this seemingly straightforward problem is challenging, then show how informal conventions in documentation writing can be leveraged to perform classification. Using the features identified in this paper, our approach achieves an average F1 score of 0.81, and can correctly distinguish between actual command references and coincidental matches in 93.7% of test cases.	"Then click ok!": extracting references to interface elements in online documentation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leila Takayama	NA	Session details: Teaching with new interfaces	NA	2018
Amy Ogan:Samantha Finkelstein:Elijah Mayfield:Claudia D'Adamo:Noboru Matsuda:Justine Cassell	Understanding how children perceive and interact with teachable agents (systems where children learn through teaching a synthetic character embedded in an intelligent tutoring system) can provide insight into the effects of so-cial interaction on learning with intelligent tutoring systems. We describe results from a think-aloud study where children were instructed to narrate their experience teaching Stacy, an agent who can learn to solve linear equations with the student's help. We found treating her as a partner, primarily through aligning oneself with Stacy using pronouns like you or we rather than she or it significantly correlates with student learning, as do playful face-threatening comments such as teasing, while elaborate explanations of Stacy's behavior in the third-person and formal tutoring statements reduce learning gains. Additionally, we found that the agent's mistakes were a significant predictor for students shifting away from alignment with the agent.	"Oh dear stacy!": social interaction, elaboration, and learning with teachable agents	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stefan Kreitmayer:Yvonne Rogers:Robin Laney:Stephen Peake	There is much potential for supporting collaborative learning with interactive computer simulations in formal education and professional training. A number have been developed for single user and remote interaction. In contrast, our research is concerned with how such learning activities can be designed to fit into co-located large group settings, such as whole classrooms. This paper reports on the iterative design process and two in-the-wild evaluations of the 4Decades game, which was developed for a whole classroom of students to engage with a climate simulation. The system allows students to play and change the rules of the simulation, thereby enabling them to be actively engaged at different levels. The notion of Contributory Simulations is proposed as an instructional model that empowers groups to make informed, critical changes to the underlying scientific model. We discuss how large-group collaboration was supported through constraining an ecology of shared devices and public displays.	From participatory to contributory simulations: changing the game in the classroom	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Katherine Isbister	NA	Session details: Game experiences	NA	2018
Erik Andersen:Eleanor O'Rourke:Yun-En Liu:Rich Snider:Jeff Lowdermilk:David Truong:Seth Cooper:Zoran Popovic	One of the key challenges of video game design is teaching new players how to play. Although game developers frequently use tutorials to teach game mechanics, little is known about how tutorials affect game learnability and player engagement. Seeking to estimate this value, we implemented eight tutorial designs in three video games of varying complexity and evaluated their effects on player engagement and retention. The results of our multivariate study of over 45,000 players show that the usefulness of tutorials depends greatly on game complexity. Although tutorials increased play time by as much as 29% in the most complex game, they did not significantly improve player engagement in the two simpler games. Our results suggest that investment in tutorials may not be justified for games with mechanics that can be discovered through experimentation.	The impact of tutorials on games of varying complexity	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rilla Khaled:Gordon Ingram	Serious games have received much positive attention; correspondingly, many researchers have taken up the challenge of establishing how to best design them. However, the current literature often focuses on best practice design strategies and frameworks. Fine-grained details, contextual descriptions, and organisational factors that are invaluable in helping us to learn from and reflect on project experiences are often overlooked. In this paper, we present five distinct and sometimes competing perspectives that are critical in understanding factors that influence serious game projects: project organisation, technology, domain knowledge, user research, and game design. We explain these perspectives by providing insights from the design and development process of an EU-funded serious game about conflict resolution developed by an interdisciplinary consortium of researchers and industry-based developers. We also point out a set of underlying forces that become evident from viewing the process from different perspectives, to underscore that problems exist in serious game projects and that we should open the conversation about them.	Tales from the front lines of a large-scale serious game project	NA:NA	2018
Anna Cox:Paul Cairns:Pari Shah:Michael Carroll	Previous research into the experience of videogames has shown the importance of the role of challenge in producing a good experience. However, defining exactly which challenges are important and which aspects of gaming experience are affected is largely under-explored. In this paper, we investigate if altering the level of challenge in a videogame influences people's experience of immersion. Our first study demonstrates that simply increasing the physical demands of the game by requiring gamers to interact more with the game does not result in increased immersion. In a further two studies, we use time pressure to make games more physically and cognitively challenging. We find that the addition of time pressure increases immersion as predicted. We argue that the level of challenge experienced is an interaction between the level of expertise of the gamer and the cognitive challenge encompassed within the game.	Not doing but thinking: the role of challenge in the gaming experience	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jonas Schild:Joseph LaViola:Maic Masuch	Recent advances in digital game technology are making stereoscopic games more popular. Stereoscopic 3D graphics promise a better gaming experience but this potential has not yet been proven empirically. In this paper, we present a comprehensive study that evaluates player experience of three stereoscopic games in comparison with their monoscopic counterparts. We examined 60 participants, each playing one of the three games, using three self-reporting questionnaires and one psychophysiological instrument. Our main results are (1) stereoscopy in games increased experienced immersion, spatial presence, and simulator sickness; (2) the effects strongly differed across the three games and for both genders, indicating more affect on male users and with games involving depth animations; (3) results related to attention and cognitive involvement indicate more direct and less thoughtful interactions with stereoscopic games, pointing towards a more natural experience through stereoscopy.	Understanding user experience in stereoscopic 3D games	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wendy Ju	NA	Session details: Eating + cooking	NA	2018
Andrea Parker:Vasudhara Kantroo:Hee Rin Lee:Miguel Osornio:Mansi Sharma:Rebecca Grinter	As HCI researchers have designed tools to promote wellness, disease has often been approached as a general problem. In contrast, public health research argues for an activist approach focused on how certain groups disproportionately experience disease and eliminating these disparities. Taking this activist stance, we examine how technology can reduce health inequalities by disrupting power relationships and helping communities pursue social change. We discuss our tool, Community Mosaic (CM), which allows individuals to share their healthy eating ideas with one another as a means of advocating behavior change. Our results characterize how CM helped facilitate activism (i.e., collective efforts to counter local challenges to healthy living) and shift users' attitudes regarding their role as advocates for health. We contribute to the field of HCI by using our findings to present a set of recommendations for future research focused on designing and evaluating health promotion tools using an activist lens.	Health promotion as activism: building community capacity to effect social change	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Takuji Narumi:Yuki Ban:Takashi Kajinami:Tomohiro Tanikawa:Michitaka Hirose	The main contribution of this paper is to realize a method for modifying perception of satiety and controlling nutritional intake by changing the apparent size of food with augmented reality. As a possible method for decreasing rates of obesity, we focused on controlling food intake implicitly without any effort. We hypothesized that ambiguous perception of satiety can be applied to control our food intake. Recent psychological studies have revealed that the amount of food consumed is influenced by both its actual volume and external factors during eating. Based on this knowledge, we sought to control perception of satiety gained from the same amount of food by changing its apparent size. We also proposed a method for food-volume augmentation using real-time shape deformation. Our results suggest that this augmentation can control the perception of satiety and food intake.	Augmented perception of satiety: controlling food consumption by changing apparent size of food with augmented reality	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Annika Hupfeld:Tom Rodden	Food contributes fundamentally to our well-being: physically, mentally, and socially. Unsurprisingly then, the importance of food to our lives has long been recognized in the social sciences, and more recently, in Human-Computer Interaction. Yet, despite ongoing trends towards the digital augmentation of domestic environments, little consideration has been given to the impact of the material aspects of food consumption in the home. This paper takes an ecological approach to uncovering the role spaces, tabletops, and artefacts play in the social organization of domestic eating practices. Based on our findings of interviews with seven households in England, we discuss implications for those seeking to digitally augment domestic dining.	Laying the table for HCI: uncovering ecologies of domestic food consumption	NA:NA	2018
Daisuke Uriu:Mizuki Namai:Satoru Tokuhisa:Ryo Kashiwagi:Masahiko Inami:Naohito Okude	"panavi," a recipe medium, supports cooking experience for domestic users to master professional culinary arts in their kitchens by managing temperature and pan movement properly. Utilizing a sensors-embedded frying pan--providing projected images, LED indications, and vibration--wirelessly connected with a computer system that shows text messages with sounds, the panavi system analyzes sensors' data, recognizes users' conditions, and provides the users with situated instructions. Describing our vision, design process, implementation, and user study that outlines experience of challenging professional cooking, this paper introduces a design framework model of this recipe medium for domestic usage. Throughout revealing the design process--from ideation to the finished research artifact as a whole cooking support system--this research suggests how to design interactive systems responding to human situated actions, for use as daily commodities enriching domestic user experience.	panavi: recipe medium with a sensors-embedded pan for domestic users to master professional culinary arts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eric Paulos	NA	Session details: Touch in context	NA	2018
Rongrong Wang:Francis Quek:Deborah Tatar:Keng Soon Teh:Adrian Cheok	This paper investigates whether and how digitally mediated social touch (remote touch) may influence the sense of connectedness toward a speaker and the emotional experience of what is being communicated. We employ an 'augmented' storytelling methodology where we manipulate the modality of an 'emotive' channel that accompanies the speech, and the contextual expectation of the listener. Comparing a remote upper-arm touch against a similarly timed flashing light, we explore the importance of the touch modality in affect conveyance. Our second manipulation involves two cover stories where the listener is told that the touch or flashing light is triggered either by the storyteller expressively squeezing a touch input device while speaking, or by measured 'high points' in the mental state of the storyteller. Our results show that the story accompanied by communicative touch resulted in a significant increase in the sense of connectedness with the storyteller over the speech-only condition, and a trend toward greater affective conveyance.	Keep in touch: channel, expectation and experience	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anne Marie Piper:Nadir Weibel:James Hollan	Hybrid paper-digital interfaces are a promising approach for supporting language activities. The familiarity of pen and paper makes it a particularly attractive media for many user groups, including young children. Digital pens enhance interaction with traditional paper content by playing and recording audio and recognizing handwriting and gestures. Currently, generating custom interactive paper documents involves some programming, limiting its use by many user groups (e.g., educators and families) who might especially benefit from application of hybrid paper-digital interfaces in their practices. To address this need, we developed an end-user Toolkit for Authoring Pen and Paper Language Activities (TAP & PLAY). This paper describes the iterative development of the toolkit, its accessibility for novice non-technical users, and use in three different contexts for early language learning. We demonstrate and document the system's usability, generality, and utility for people who want to create and tailor their own custom interactive paper-based language activities.	TAP & PLAY: an end-user toolkit for authoring interactive pen and paper language activities	NA:NA:NA	2018
David Kirk:Shahram Izadi:Otmar Hilliges:Richard Banks:Stuart Taylor:Abigail Sellen	This paper describes a field study of an interactive surface deployed in three family homes. The tabletop technology provides a central place where digital content, such as photos, can be easily archived, managed and viewed. The tabletop affords multi-touch input, allowing digital content to be sorted, triaged and interacted with using one or two-handed interactions. A physics-based simulation adds dynamics to digital content, providing users with rich ways of interacting that borrows from the real-world. The field study is one of the first of a surface computer within a domestic environment. Our goal is to uncover people's inter-actions, appropriations, perceptions and experiences with such technologies, exploring the potential barriers to use. Given these devices provide such a revolutionary shift in interaction, will people be able to engage with them in everyday life in the ways we intend? In answering this question, we hope to deepen our understanding of the design of such systems for home and consumer domains.	At home with surface computing?	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tom Bartindale:Alia Sheikh:Nick Taylor:Peter Wright:Patrick Olivier	Creating film content for broadcast is a high pressure and complex activity involving multiple experts and highly specialized equipment. Production teams are under continuous pressure to produce ever more creative and groundbreaking content while reducing the budgets and human resources required. While technologies are being developed for digitizing and streamlining sections of the production workflow, a gap remains between creative decisions made on location, and those made during digital editing and post-production. We describe a prototype tangible, tabletop interface to be deployed on a film shoot, which uses a storyboard as a shared data representation to drive team creativity. We define creativity in terms of team production, discuss our implementation and describe a deployment in which the prototype was used by a professional production team during a film shoot. Finally we describe a number of interesting interactions that were observed and consider the implications of our design decisions on the creative process of film making and the benefits of tangible, tabletop collaborative interactive displays in live film production.	StoryCrate: tabletop storyboarding for live film production	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Per Ola Kristensson	NA	Session details: Curves & mirages: gestures & interaction with nonplanar surfaces	NA	2018
Rajinder Sodhi:Hrvoje Benko:Andrew Wilson	LightGuide is a system that explores a new approach to gesture guidance where we project guidance hints directly on a user's body. These projected hints guide the user in completing the desired motion with their body part which is particularly useful for performing movements that require accuracy and proper technique, such as during exercise or physical therapy. Our proof-of-concept implementation consists of a single low-cost depth camera and projector and we present four novel interaction techniques that are focused on guiding a user's hand in mid-air. Our visualizations are designed to incorporate both feedback and feedforward cues to help guide users through a range of movements. We quantify the performance of LightGuide in a user study comparing each of our on-body visualizations to hand animation videos on a computer display in both time and accuracy. Exceeding our expectations, participants performed movements with an average error of 21.6mm, nearly 85% more accurately than when guided by video.	LightGuide: projected visualizations for hand movement guidance	NA:NA:NA	2018
Simon Voelker:Christine Sutter:Lei Wang:Jan Borchers	Flicking is a common interaction technique to move objects across large interactive surfaces, but little is known about its suitability for use on non-planar, curved surfaces. Flicking consists of two stages: First, visually determining the direction in which to flick the object, then planning and executing the corresponding gesture. Errors in both stages could influence flicking accuracy. We investigated flicking interactions on curved interactive surface to evaluate which type of error influences accuracy. Therefore, we carried out three user studies to analyze how each stage of flicking on a curved surface is influenced. Our main findings are: 1) Flicking gestures are more accurate if horizontal and vertical surface are joined by a continuous curve than if they are separated by an edge or gap. 2) Flicking gestures on curved surfaces are mostly influenced by the motor execution stage of the gesture rather than the visual perception stage. 3) Flicking accuracy decreases as the starting point of the gesture is moved closer to the curve. 4) We conclude with a first mathematical model to estimate the error users will make when flicking across a curve.	Understanding flicking on curved surfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hrvoje Benko:Ricardo Jota:Andrew Wilson	Instrumented with a single depth camera, a stereoscopic projector, and a curved screen, MirageTable is an interactive system designed to merge real and virtual worlds into a single spatially registered experience on top of a table. Our depth camera tracks the user's eyes and performs a real-time capture of both the shape and the appearance of any object placed in front of the camera (including user's body and hands). This real-time capture enables perspective stereoscopic 3D visualizations to a single user that account for deformations caused by physical objects on the table. In addition, the user can interact with virtual objects through physically-realistic freehand actions without any gloves, trackers, or instruments. We illustrate these unique capabilities through three application examples: virtual 3D model creation, interactive gaming with real and virtual objects, and a 3D teleconferencing experience that not only presents a 3D view of a remote person, but also a seamless 3D shared task space. We also evaluated the user's perception of projected 3D objects in our system, which confirmed that the users can correctly perceive such objects even when they are projected over different background colors and geometries (e.g., gaps, drops).	MirageTable: freehand interaction on a projected augmented reality tabletop	NA:NA:NA	2018
Fabian Hennecke:Wolfgang Matzke:Andreas Butz	Digital office environments often integrate multiple displays in a variety of arrangements. We investigated the combination of a horizontal and a directly connected vertical display, which together form a digital workspace. In particular, we were interested in the effect of the physical transition (bezel, edge or curve) on dragging. In a study participants performed dragging tasks across both display planes with direct touch as well as a pointing device. Contrary to our expectations, we found no significant effect on task completion time. Only regarding accuracy the curved transition performed better than edge and bezel. Interestingly, the subjective judgment did generally not match the objective results. These findings suggest that we need to rethink our understanding of display continuities in terms of usability as well as user satisfaction.	How screen transitions influence touch and pointer interaction across angled display arrangements	NA:NA:NA	2018
Juan Pablo Hourcade:Natasha Bullock-Rest	People are increasingly using wireless mice from across rooms as they use computers as entertainment centers. As a consequence, they often have to point at targets occupying small visual angles. In this note we present the results of a study on pointing performance for targets occupying small visual angles. Our results suggest there is a steep degradation of pointing performance in both accuracy and speed for targets occupying a visual angle below 3 minutes of arc.	How small can you go?: analyzing the effect of visual angle in pointing tasks	NA:NA	2018
Andrea Forte	NA	Session details: Leveraging the crowd	NA	2018
Haoqi Zhang:Edith Law:Rob Miller:Krzysztof Gajos:David Parkes:Eric Horvitz	An important class of tasks that are underexplored in current human computation systems are complex tasks with global constraints. One example of such a task is itinerary planning, where solutions consist of a sequence of activities that meet requirements specified by the requester. In this paper, we focus on the crowdsourcing of such plans as a case study of constraint-based human computation tasks and introduce a collaborative planning system called Mobi that illustrates a novel crowdware paradigm. Mobi presents a single interface that enables crowd participants to view the current solution context and make appropriate contributions based on current needs. We conduct experiments that explain how Mobi enables a crowd to effectively and collaboratively resolve global constraints, and discuss how the design principles behind Mobi can more generally facilitate a crowd to tackle problems involving global constraints.	Human computation tasks with global constraints	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wesley Willett:Jeffrey Heer:Maneesh Agrawala	Web-based social data analysis tools that rely on public discussion to produce hypotheses or explanations of the patterns and trends in data, rarely yield high-quality results in practice. Crowdsourcing offers an alternative approach in which an analyst pays workers to generate such explanations. Yet, asking workers with varying skills, backgrounds and motivations to simply "Explain why a chart is interesting" can result in irrelevant, unclear or speculative explanations of variable quality. To address these problems, we contribute seven strategies for improving the quality and diversity of worker-generated explanations. Our experiments show that using (S1) feature-oriented prompts, providing (S2) good examples, and including (S3) reference gathering, (S4) chart reading, and (S5) annotation subtasks increases the quality of responses by 28% for US workers and 196% for non-US workers. Feature-oriented prompts improve explanation quality by 69% to 236% depending on the prompt. We also show that (S6) pre-annotating charts can focus workers' attention on relevant details, and demonstrate that (S7) generating explanations iteratively increases explanation diversity without increasing worker attrition. We used our techniques to generate 910 explanations for 16 datasets, and found that 63% were of high quality. These results demonstrate that paid crowd workers can reliably generate diverse, high-quality explanations that support the analysis of specific datasets.	Strategies for crowdsourcing social data analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael S. Bernstein:Jaime Teevan:Susan Dumais:Daniel Liebling:Eric Horvitz	Web search engines now offer more than ranked results. Queries on topics like weather, definitions, and movies may return inline results called answers that can resolve a searcher's information need without any additional interaction. Despite the usefulness of answers, they are limited to popular needs because each answer type is manually authored. To extend the reach of answers to thousands of new information needs, we introduce Tail Answers: a large collection of direct answers that are unpopular individually, but together address a large proportion of search traffic. These answers cover long-tail needs such as the average body temperature for a dog, substitutes for molasses, and the keyboard shortcut for a right-click. We introduce a combination of search log mining and paid crowdsourcing techniques to create Tail Answers. A user study with 361 participants suggests that Tail Answers significantly improved users' subjective ratings of search quality and their ability to solve needs without clicking through to a result. Our findings suggest that search engines can be extended to directly respond to a large new class of queries.	Direct answers for search queries in the long tail	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kristie Fisher:Scott Counts:Aniket Kittur	We examine the possibility of distributed sensemaking: improving a user's sensemaking by leveraging previous users' work without those users directly collaborating or even knowing one another. We asked users to engage in sensemaking by organizing and annotating web search results into "knowledge maps," either with or without previous users' maps to work from. We also recorded gaze patterns as users examined others' knowledge maps. Our findings show the conditions under which distributed sensemaking can improve sensemaking quality; that a user's sensemaking process is readily apparent to a subsequent user via a knowledge map; and that the organization of content was more useful to subsequent users than the content itself, especially when those users had differing goals. We discuss the role distributed sensemaking can play in schema induction by helping users make a mental model of an information space and make recommendations for new tool and system development.	Distributed sensemaking: improving sensemaking by leveraging the efforts of previous users	NA:NA:NA	2018
Emmanuel Pietriga	NA	Session details: Getting around: menus, scrolling, & advanced navigation	NA	2018
Joey Scarr:Andy Cockburn:Carl Gutwin:Andrea Bunt	Designers of GUI applications typically arrange commands in hierarchical structures, such as menus, due to screen space limitations. However, hierarchical organisations are known to slow down expert users. This paper proposes the use of spatial memory in combination with hierarchy flattening as a means of improving GUI performance. We demonstrate these concepts through the design of a command selection interface, called CommandMaps, and analyse its theoretical performance characteristics. We then describe two studies evaluating CommandMaps against menus and Microsoft's Ribbon interface for both novice and experienced users. Results show that for novice users, there is no significant performance difference between CommandMaps and traditional interfaces -- but for experienced users, CommandMaps are significantly faster than both menus and the Ribbon.	Improving command selection with CommandMaps	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andy Cockburn:Philip Quinn:Carl Gutwin:Stephen Fitchett	We describe a method for applying gain to events reported by scrolling input devices such as scroll wheels. By treating document length as an input to our gain functions, the method allows rapid document traversal regardless of document length; it also allows slow and precise scroll control at shorter distances. An initial experiment characterises four diverse scrolling input devices -- a standard 'notched' scroll wheel, a high performance 'inertial' wheel, an isometric scrolling joystick, and a trackpad -- and the results are used to calibrate several gain function parameters. A second experiment validates the method, showing that it allows faster scrolling in long and short documents than current scrolling-device gain methods, and that subjective preferences favour it.	Improving scrolling devices with document length dependent gain	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tao Yang:Mexhid Ferati:Yikun Liu:Romisa Rohani Ghahari:Davide Bolchini	Mobile web navigation requires highly-focused visual attention, which poses problems when it is inconvenient or distracting to continuously look at the screen (e.g., while walking). Aural interfaces support more eyes-free experiences, as users can primarily listen to the content and occasionally look at the device. Yet, designing aural information architectures remains a challenge. Specifically, back navigation is inefficient in the aural setting, as it forces users to listen to each previous page to retrieve the desired content. This paper introduces topic- and list-based back: two navigation strategies to enhance aural browsing. Both are manifest in Green-Savers Mobile (GSM), an aural mobile site. A study (N=29) compared both solutions to traditional back mechanisms. Our findings indicate that topic- and list-based back enable faster access to previous pages, improve the navigation experience and reduce perceived cognitive load. The proposed designs apply to a wide range of content-intensive, ubiquitous web systems.	Aural browsing on-the-go: listening-based back navigation in large web architectures	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Waqas Javed:Sohaib Ghani:Niklas Elmqvist	The most common techniques for navigating in multiscale visual spaces are pan, zoom, and bird's eye views. However, these techniques are often tedious and cumbersome to use, especially when objects of interest are located far apart. We present the PolyZoom technique where users progressively build hierarchies of focus regions, stacked on each other such that each subsequent level shows a higher magnification. Correlation graphics show the relation between parent and child viewports in the hierarchy. To validate the new technique, we compare it to standard navigation techniques in two user studies, one on multiscale visual search and the other on multifocus interaction. Results show that PolyZoom performs better than current standard techniques.	Polyzoom: multiscale and multifocus exploration in 2d visual spaces	NA:NA:NA	2018
Barry Brown	NA	Session details: Spectators	NA	2018
Jörg Müller:Robert Walter:Gilles Bailly:Michael Nischt:Florian Alt	In this paper we present our findings from a lab and a field study investigating how passers-by notice the interactivity of public displays. We designed an interactive installation that uses visual feedback to the incidental movements of passers-by to communicate its interactivity. The lab study reveals: (1) Mirrored user silhouettes and images are more effective than avatar-like representations. (2) It takes time to notice the interactivity (approx. 1.2s). In the field study, three displays were installed during three weeks in shop windows, and data about 502 interaction sessions were collected. Our observations show: (1) Significantly more passers-by interact when immediately showing the mirrored user image (+90%) or silhouette (+47%) compared to a traditional attract sequence with call-to-action. (2) Passers-by often notice interactivity late and have to walk back to interact (the landing effect). (3) If somebody is already interacting, others begin interaction behind the ones already interacting, forming multiple rows (the honeypot effect). Our findings can be used to design public display applications and shop windows that more effectively communicate interactivity to passers-by.	Looking glass: a field study on noticing interactivity of a shop window	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Patrick Tobias Fischer:Eva Hornecker	Designing interactive applications for Media Facades is a challenging task. Architectural sized largescale screens can result in unbalanced installations, and meaningful interaction is easily overshadowed by the drastic size of the display. In this paper we reflect on urban technology interventions by analyzing their spatial configuration in relation to the structuring of interaction. We outline basic categories and offer a new terminology to describe these interactive situations designed for the built environment.	Urban HCI: spatial aspects in the design of shared encounters for media facades	NA:NA	2018
Maurice Ten Koppel:Gilles Bailly:Jörg Müller:Robert Walter	Most interactive public displays currently rely on flat screens. This form factor impacts how users (1) notice the public display (2) develop motivation and (3) (socially) interact with the public display. In this paper, we present Chained Displays, a combination of several screens to create different form factors for interactive public displays. We also present a design space based on two complementary concepts, Focus and Nimbus, to describe and compare chained display configurations. Finally, we performed a field study comparing three chained displays: Flat, Concave, and Hexagonal. Results show that Flat triggers the strongest honeypot effect, Hexagonal causes low social learning, and Concave triggers the smallest amount of simultaneously interacting users among other findings.	Chained displays: configurations of public displays can be used to influence actor-, audience-, and passer-by behavior	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Joonhwan Lee	NA	Session details: Immateriality as a design feature	NA	2018
William Odom:John Zimmerman:Jodi Forlizzi:Hajin Choi:Stephanie Meier:Angela Park	Over the past several years, people have acquired more and more virtual possessions. While virtual possessions have become ubiquitous, little work exists to inform designers on how these growing collections should be displayed and how they should behave. We generated four design concepts that changed the form and behavior of these digital things, making them more present within a teen bedroom. We then conducted speed dating sessions to investigate how these new forms and behaviors influence perceptions of value. Sessions revealed how new technologies might better support self-exploration and reflection, as well as how they could complicate identity construction processes. Findings are interpreted to detail opportunities and tensions that can guide future research and practice in this emerging space.	Investigating the presence, form and behavior of virtual possessions in the context of a teen bedroom	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
William Odom:Richard Banks:David Kirk:Richard Harper:Siân Lindley:Abigail Sellen	Material artifacts are passed down as a way of sustaining relationships and family history. However, new issues are emerging as families are increasingly left with the digital remains of their loved ones. We designed three devices to investigate how digital materials might be passed down, lived with and inherited in the future. We conducted in-home interviews with 8 families using the devices to provoke discussion about how technology might support (or complicate) their existing practices. Sessions revealed families desired to treat their archives in ways not fully supported by technology as well as potential tensions that could emerge. Findings are interpreted to detail design considerations for future work in this emerging space.	Technology heirlooms?: considerations for passing down and inheriting digital materials	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Qi Wang:Xianghua Ding:Tun Lu:Ning Gu	This paper examines issues of digitality and materiality of new media, grounded in a study of online TV watching in China. Particularly, by looking at how people make choices and decisions regarding TV watching in everyday life, we highlight material and digital properties of new media TV, and how they support and condition actions and interactions around them. The study illustrates that materiality and digitality are complementary, instead of one substituting the other, and are highly intertwined in the hybrid media environment around which meaningful experiences are conditioned and produced. It also suggests that an analytic distinction between materiality and digitality is fruitful in unpacking the complex relations between media technologies and social experiences.	Digitality and materiality of new media: online TV watching in china	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Melanie Feinberg	In the context of digital libraries and other online resource collections, the substance of interaction is generated to a large degree through the selection, description, organization, and arrangement of the aggregated items. Within information studies, researchers [such as 32, 6] have shown how individual events of selection and description inevitably form judgments about the collected materials. This paper describes a process in which designers purposefully use the elements of selection, description, organization, and arrangement to "write" a resource collection as a form of rhetorical expression. The design process was implemented in two classroom settings. In the more successful second implementation, the role of the audience in structuring a rhetorical interaction was emphasized, and collection design was conceptualized as designing a dialogue between author and audience. The formalized critique of existing collection designs was a key element in enabling this dialogic orientation.	Writing the experience of information retrieval: digital collection design as a form of dialogue	NA	2018
Manfred Tscheligi	NA	Session details: Privacy + self disclosure	NA	2018
Louise Barkhuus	Privacy is a widely studied concept in relation to social computing and sensor-based technologies; scores of research papers have investigated people's "privacy preferences" and apparent reluctance to share personal data. In this paper we explore how Ubicomp and HCI studies have approached the notion of privacy, often as a quantifiable concept. Leaning on several theoretical frameworks, but in particular Nissenbaum's notion of contextual integrity, we question the viability of obtaining universal answers in terms of people's "general" privacy practices and apply elements of Nissenbaum's theory to our own data in order to illustrate its relevance. We then suggest restructuring inquiries into information sharing in studies of state-of-the-art technologies and analyze contextually grounded issues using a different, more specific vocabulary. Finally, we provide the first building blocks to such vocabulary.	The mismeasurement of privacy: using contextual integrity to reconsider privacy in HCI	NA	2018
Peter Klemperer:Yuan Liang:Michelle Mazurek:Manya Sleeper:Blase Ur:Lujo Bauer:Lorrie Faith Cranor:Nitin Gupta:Michael Reiter	Users often have rich and complex photo-sharing preferences, but properly configuring access control can be difficult and time-consuming. In an 18-participant laboratory study, we explore whether the keywords and captions with which users tag their photos can be used to help users more intuitively create and maintain access-control policies. We find that (a) tags created for organizational purposes can be repurposed to create efficient and reasonably accurate access-control rules; (b) users tagging with access control in mind develop coherent strategies that lead to significantly more accurate rules than those associated with organizational tags alone; and (c) participants can understand and actively engage with the concept of tag-based access control.	Tag, you can see it!: using tags for access control in photo sharing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rebecca Gulotta:Haakon Faste:Jennifer Mankoff	Among the billions of photos that have been contributed to online photo-sharing sites, there are many that are provocative, controversial, and deeply personal. Previous research has examined motivations for sharing images online and has identified several key motivations for doing so: expression, curation of identity, maintaining social connections, and recording experiences. However, few studies have focused on the perceived risks of posting photos online and even fewer have examined the risks associated with provocative, controversial, or deeply personal images. In our work, we used photo-elicitation interviews to explore the motivations for posting these types of images and the perceived risks of doing so. In this paper, we describe our findings from those interviews.	Curation, provocation, and digital identity: risks and motivations for sharing provocative images online	NA:NA:NA	2018
Karen Tang:Jason Hong:Dan Siewiorek	We compared two privacy configuration styles for specifying rules for social sharing one's past locations. Our findings suggest that location-sharing applications (LSAs) which support varying levels of location granularities are associated with sharing rules that are less convoluted, are less likely to be negatively phrased, and can lead to more open sharing; users are also more comfortable with these rules. These findings can help inform LSA privacy designs.	The implications of offering more disclosure choices for social location sharing	NA:NA:NA	2018
S. Shyam Sundar:Jeeyun Oh:Saraswathi Bellur:Haiyan Jia:Hyang-Sook Kim	A paradigmatic quality of interactive interfaces is that they allow users to express themselves, thereby converting message receivers into communication sources. We define this quality as Source Interactivity [26, 29], and test its effects on user experience with a field experiment (N=141) of a portal site featuring cosmetic customization, functional customization and blogging (active versus filter). In demonstrating the psychological influence of source-based interactivity on such outcomes as user engagement, sense of agency, sense of community, intrinsic motivation and attitudes toward the interface, we discuss how designers can use them for creating interactive tools for self-expression.	Interactivity as self-expression: a field experiment with customization and blogging	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vicki Hanson	NA	Session details: Supporting visually impaired users	NA	2018
Richard Guy:Khai Truong	Visually impaired pedestrians experience unique challenges when navigating an urban environment because many cues about orientation and traffic patterns are difficult to ascertain without the use of vision. Technological aids such as customized GPS navigation tools offer the chance to augment visually impaired pedestrians' sensory information with a richer depiction of an environment, but care must be taken to balance the need for more information with other demands on the senses. In this paper, we focus on the information needs of visually impaired pedestrians at intersections, which present a specific cause of stress when navigating in unfamiliar locations. We present a navigation application prototype called CrossingGuard that provides rich information to a user such as details about intersection geometry that are not available to visually impaired pedestrians today. A user study comparing content-rich information to a baseline condition shows that content-rich information raises the level of comfort that visually impaired pedestrians feel at unfamiliar intersections. In addition, we discuss the categories of information that are most useful. Finally, we introduce a micro-task approach to gather intersection data via Street View annotations that achieves 85.5% accuracy over the 9 categories of information used by CrossingGuard.	CrossingGuard: exploring information content in navigation aids for visually impaired pedestrians	NA:NA	2018
Koji Yatani:Nikola Banovic:Khai Truong	Learning an environment can be challenging for people with visual impairments. Braille maps allow their users to understand the spatial relationship between a set of places. However, physical Braille maps are often costly, may not always cover an area of interest with sufficient detail, and might not present up-to-date information. We built a handheld system for representing geographical information called SpaceSense, which includes custom spatial tactile feedback hardware-multiple vibration motors attached to different locations on a mobile touch-screen device. It offers high-level information about the distance and direction towards a destination and bookmarked places through vibrotactile feedback to help the user maintain the spatial relationships between these points. SpaceSense also adapts a summarization technique for online user reviews of public and commercial venues. Our user study shows that participants could build and maintain the spatial relationships between places on a map more accurately with SpaceSense compared to a system without spatial tactile feedback. They pointed specifically to having spatial tactile feedback as the contributing factor in successfully building and maintaining their mental map.	SpaceSense: representing geographical information to visually impaired people using spatial tactile feedback	NA:NA:NA	2018
Navid Fallah:Ilias Apostolopoulos:Kostas Bekris:Eelke Folmer	Indoor navigation systems for users who are visually impaired typically rely upon expensive physical augmentation of the environment or expensive sensing equipment; consequently few systems have been implemented. We present an indoor navigation system called Navatar that allows for localization and navigation by exploiting the physical characteristics of indoor environments, taking advantage of the unique sensing abilities of users with visual impairments, and minimalistic sensing achievable with low cost accelerometers available in smartphones. Particle filters are used to estimate the user's location based on the accelerometer data as well as the user confirming the presence of anticipated tactile landmarks along the provided path. Navatar has a high possibility of large-scale deployment, as it only requires an annotated virtual representation of an indoor environment. A user study with six blind users determines the accuracy of the approach, collects qualitative experiences and identifies areas for improvement.	The user as a sensor: navigating users with visual impairments in indoor spaces using tactile landmarks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Christopher Power:André Freire:Helen Petrie:David Swallow	This paper describes an empirical study of the problems encountered by 32 blind users on the Web. Task-based user evaluations were undertaken on 16 websites, yielding 1383 instances of user problems. The results showed that only 50.4% of the problems encountered by users were covered by Success Criteria in the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 (WCAG 2.0). For user problems that were covered by WCAG 2.0, 16.7% of websites implemented techniques recommended in WCAG 2.0 but the techniques did not solve the problems. These results show that few developers are implementing the current version of WCAG, and even when the guidelines are implemented on websites there is little indication that people with disabilities will encounter fewer problems. The paper closes by discussing the implications of this study for future research and practice. In particular, it discusses the need to move away from a problem-based approach towards a design principle approach for web accessibility.	Guidelines are only half of the story: accessibility problems encountered by blind users on the web	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jean-Daniel Fekete	NA	Session details: Text visualization	NA	2018
Jason Chuang:Daniel Ramage:Christopher Manning:Jeffrey Heer	Statistical topic models can help analysts discover patterns in large text corpora by identifying recurring sets of words and enabling exploration by topical concepts. However, understanding and validating the output of these models can itself be a challenging analysis task. In this paper, we offer two design considerations - interpretation and trust - for designing visualizations based on data-driven models. Interpretation refers to the facility with which an analyst makes inferences about the data through the lens of a model abstraction. Trust refers to the actual and perceived accuracy of an analyst's inferences. These considerations derive from our experiences developing the Stanford Dissertation Browser, a tool for exploring over 9,000 Ph.D. theses by topical similarity, and a subsequent review of existing literature. We contribute a novel similarity measure for text collections based on a notion of "word-borrowing" that arose from an iterative design process. Based on our experiences and a literature review, we distill a set of design recommendations and describe how they promote interpretable and trustworthy visual analysis tools.	Interpretation and trust: designing model-driven visualizations for text analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Heekyong Park:Jinwook Choi	Visualizing narrative medical events into a timeline can have positive effects on clinical environments. However, the characteristics of natural language and medical environments make this representation more difficult. This paper explains the obstacles and suggests a solution called the V-Model. The V-Model is a new innovative time model that was developed to represent chronological narrative events in a medical domain. Forty medical students participated in evaluating this model. The experimental results show the new model successfully solved the modeling requirements and had better usability compared to conventional timeline models. All the participants assessed the new timeline as very useful in effectively understanding a patient's history.	V-model: a new innovative model to chronologically visualize narrative clinical texts	NA:NA	2018
Hyungmin Lee:Sooyun Lee:Namwook Kim:Jinwook Seo	In this paper, we present an interactive visualization tool, JigsawMap, for visualizing and mapping historical textual cadasters. A cadaster is an official register that records land properties (e.g., location, ownership, value and size) for land valuation and taxation. Such mapping of old and new cadasters can help historians understand the social/economic background of changes in land uses or ownership. With JigsawMap, historians can continue mapping older or newer cadasters. In this way, JigsawMap can connect the past land survey results to today and to the future. We conducted usability studies and long term case studies to evaluate JigsawMap, and received positive responses. As well as summarizing the evaluation results, we also present design guidelines for participatory design projects with historians.	JigsawMap: connecting the past to the future by mapping historical textual cadasters	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alex Endert:Patrick Fiaux:Chris North	Visual analytics emphasizes sensemaking of large, complex datasets through interactively exploring visualizations generated by statistical models. For example, dimensionality reduction methods use various similarity metrics to visualize textual document collections in a spatial metaphor, where similarities between documents are approximately represented through their relative spatial distances to each other in a 2D layout. This metaphor is designed to mimic analysts' mental models of the document collection and support their analytic processes, such as clustering similar documents together. However, in current methods, users must interact with such visualizations using controls external to the visual metaphor, such as sliders, menus, or text fields, to directly control underlying model parameters that they do not understand and that do not relate to their analytic process occurring within the visual metaphor. In this paper, we present the opportunity for a new design space for visual analytic interaction, called semantic interaction, which seeks to enable analysts to spatially interact with such models directly within the visual metaphor using interactions that derive from their analytic process, such as searching, highlighting, annotating, and repositioning documents. Further, we demonstrate how semantic interactions can be implemented using machine learning techniques in a visual analytic tool, called ForceSPIRE, for interactive analysis of textual data within a spatial visualization. Analysts can express their expert domain knowledge about the documents by simply moving them, which guides the underlying model to improve the overall layout, taking the user's feedback into account.	Semantic interaction for visual text analytics	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eve Hoggan	NA	Session details: Brain & body	NA	2018
Munehiko Sato:Ivan Poupyrev:Chris Harrison	Touché proposes a novel Swept Frequency Capacitive Sensing technique that can not only detect a touch event, but also recognize complex configurations of the human hands and body. Such contextual information significantly enhances touch interaction in a broad range of applications, from conventional touchscreens to unique contexts and materials. For example, in our explorations we add touch and gesture sensitivity to the human body and liquids. We demonstrate the rich capabilities of Touché with five example setups from different application domains and conduct experimental studies that show gesture classification accuracies of 99% are achievable with our technology.	Touché: enhancing touch interaction on humans, screens, liquids, and everyday objects	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chi Vi:Sriram Subramanian	This paper examines the ability to detect a characteristic brain potential called the Error-Related Negativity (ERN) using off-the-shelf headsets and explores its applicability to HCI. ERN is triggered when a user either makes a mistake or the application behaves differently from their expectation. We first show that ERN can be seen on signals captured by EEG headsets like Emotiv™ when doing a typical multiple choice reaction time (RT) task -- Flanker task. We then present a single-trial online ERN algorithm that works by pre-computing the coefficient matrix of a logistic regression classifier using some data from a multiple choice reaction time task and uses it to classify incoming signals of that task on a single trial of data. We apply it to an interactive selection task that involved users selecting an object under time pressure. Furthermore the study was conducted in a typical office environment with ambient noise. Our results show that online single trial ERN detection is possible using off-the-shelf headsets during tasks that are typical of interactive applications. We then design a Superflick experiment with an integrated module mimicking an ERN detector to evaluate the accuracy of detecting ERN in the context of assisting users in interactive tasks. Based on these results we discuss and present several HCI scenarios for use of ERN.	Detecting error-related negativity for interaction design	NA:NA	2018
Christian Holz:Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice:Anne Agur	We investigate implanted user interfaces that small devices provide when implanted underneath human skin. Such devices always stay with the user, making their implanted user interfaces available at all times. We discuss four core challenges of implanted user interfaces: how to sense input through the skin, how to produce output, how to communicate amongst one another and with external infrastructure, and how to remain powered. We investigate these four challenges in a technical evaluation where we surgically implant study devices into a specimen arm. We find that traditional interfaces do work through skin. We then demonstrate how to deploy a prototype device on participants, using artificial skin to simulate implantation. We close with a discussion of medical considerations of implanted user interfaces, risks and limitations, and project into the future.	Implanted user interfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Maryam Mustafa:Lea Lindemann:Marcus Magnor	Image Based Rendering (IBR) allows interactive scene exploration from images alone. However, despite considerable development in the area, one of the main obstacles to better quality and more realistic visualizations is the occurrence of visually disagreeable artifacts. In this paper we present a methodology to map out the perception of IBR-typical artifacts. This work presents an alternative to traditional image and video quality evaluation methods by using an EEG device to determine the implicit visual processes in the human brain. Our work demonstrates the distinct differences in the perception of different types of visual artifacts and the implications of these differences.	EEG analysis of implicit human visual perception	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hiromi Nakamura:Homei Miyashita	Electric taste is a characteristic taste produced when the tongue is electrically stimulated. We have proposed apparatuses to add electric taste to food and drink. An interactive system could be developed to synchronize video contents using the reversibility and instantaneity of electric taste. However, to do so, the presentation time must be determined based on the different latency for the perception of each sense. We measured the latencies for electric taste and visual stimuli as a basic evaluation for a content presentation system in which electric taste and visual content are synchronized.	Development and evaluation of interactive system for synchronizing electric taste and visual content	NA:NA	2018
Jettie Hoonhout	NA	Session details: Empathy & technology: focus on the end user	NA	2018
Stephen Lindsay:Katie Brittain:Daniel Jackson:Cassim Ladha:Karim Ladha:Patrick Olivier	We describe the development, application and evaluation of a design method tailored for working with people with mild to moderate dementia. Our experiences with the approach highlighted areas where designers and participants held radically different views. The tenet of our approach was that to overcome these differences we needed to create an empathic relationship between participants and designers. To achieve this we modified participatory design techniques to foster respectful engagement with participants in the development of a digital aid to facilitate "safe walking". The process begins with broad qualitative scoping and design work then moves to developing personally tailored, individual designs to further exploration of the experiential elements of the domain while reducing the need for the participants to engage in abstract thought. Reflection highlights a number of important areas that demand consideration when undertaking research in this area and, more generally, when performing design work with people with dementia.	Empathy, participatory design and people with dementia	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wendy Moncur:Jan Bikker:Elaine Kasket:John Troyer	In this paper, we describe collaborative processes and stakeholders involved in the period from when a person dies until they are laid to rest: the funeral, final disposition of the body, and (in some circumstances) victim identification. The rich mixture of technologies currently deployed during this brief period are categorized and critically analyzed. We then reflect on the implications of our findings, both for the design of technology that takes the end of life into account, and for the wider HCI community.	From death to final disposition: roles of technology in the post-mortem interval	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lori McCay-Peet:Mounia Lalmas:Vidhya Navalpakkam	We study how the visual catchiness (saliency) of relevant information impacts user engagement metrics such as focused attention and emotion (affect). Participants completed tasks in one of two conditions, where the task-relevant information either appeared salient or non-salient. Our analysis provides insights into relationships between saliency, focused attention, and affect. Participants reported more distraction in the non-salient condition, and non-salient information was slower to find than salient. Lack-of-saliency led to a negative impact on affect, while saliency maintained positive affect, suggesting its helpfulness. Participants reported that it was easier to focus in the salient condition, although there was no significant improvement in the focused attention scale rating. Finally, this study suggests user interest in the topic is a good predictor of focused attention, which in turn is a good predictor of positive affect. These results suggest that enhancing saliency of user-interested topics seems a good strategy for boosting user engagement.	On saliency, affect and focused attention	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiang Yang:Lada Adamic:Mark Ackerman:Zhen Wen:Ching-Yung Lin	Sentiment is a rich and important dimension of social interaction. However, its presence in computer-mediated communication in corporate settings is not well understood. This paper provides a preliminary study of people's expression of sentiment in email conversations in an organizational context. The study reveals that sentiment levels evolve over time during the process of newcomers' socialization, that sentiment varies according to tie-strength with the recipient, and that sentiment patterns can be indicative of one's position in the corporate social network as well as job performance. These findings shed light on the complex and dynamic nature of sentiment patterns, and would inspire further explorations and applications of sentiment analysis in organizations.	The way i talk to you: sentiment expression in an organizational context	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Volkmar Pipek	NA	Session details: Workplace	NA	2018
Gloria Mark:Stephen Voida:Armand Cardello	We report on an empirical study where we cut off email usage for five workdays for 13 information workers in an organization. We employed both quantitative measures such as computer log data and ethnographic methods to compare a baseline condition (normal email usage) with our experimental manipulation (email cutoff). Our results show that without email, people multitasked less and had a longer task focus, as measured by a lower frequency of shifting between windows and a longer duration of time spent working in each computer window. Further, we directly measured stress using wearable heart rate monitors and found that stress, as measured by heart rate variability, was lower without email. Interview data were consistent with our quantitative measures, as participants reported being able to focus more on their tasks. We discuss the implications for managing email better in organizations.	"A pace not dictated by electrons": an empirical study of work without email	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mercan Topkara:Shimei Pan:Jennifer Lai:Ahmet Dirik:Steven Wood:Jeff Boston	In this Note we summarize our research on increasing the information scent of video recordings that are shared via email in a corporate setting. We compare two types of email messages for sharing recordings: the first containing basic information (e.g. title, speaker, abstract) with a link to the video; the second with the same information plus a set of video thumbnails (hyperlinked to the segments they represent), which are automatically created by video summarization technology. We report on the results of two user studies. The first one compares the quality of the set of thumbnails selected by the technology to sets selected by 31 humans. The second study examines the clickthrough rates for both email formats (with and without hyperlinked thumbnails) as well as gathering subjective feedback via survey. Results indicate that the email messages with the thumbnails drove significantly higher clickthrough rates than the messages without, even though people clicked on the main video link more frequently than the thumbnails. Survey responses show that users found the email with the thumbnail set significantly more appealing and novel.	"You've got video": increasing clickthrough when sharing enterprise video with email	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daphne R. Raban:Avinoam Danan:Inbal Ronen:Ido Guy	This research explores the relationship between self-presentation and perception by others as manifested explicitly through the use of tags in a people tagging system. The study provides insights relevant for the organizational context since it is based on a system implemented within IBM. We developed a detailed codebook and used it to categorize 9,506 tags assigned to a sample of taggers. Our analysis examines the use of self tags versus social tags (assigned by others) across different categories and sub-categories. While overlap exists, self tags tend to be more factual describing technology expertise, social tags augment the individual tags by adding a personal dimension.	Impression formation in corporate people tagging	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jan Gulliksen	NA	Session details: Uses of media & creation of web experiences	NA	2018
Miguel Malheiros:Charlene Jennett:Snehalee Patel:Sacha Brostoff:Martina Angela Sasse	Online display advertising is predicted to make $29.53 billion this year. Advertisers believe targeted and personalized ads to be more effective, but many users are concerned about their privacy. We conducted a study where 30 participants completed a simulated holiday booking task; each page showing ads with different degrees of personalization. Participants fixated twice as long when ads contained their photo. Participants reported being more likely to notice ads with their photo, holiday destination, and name, but also increasing levels of discomfort with increasing personalization. We conclude that greater personalization in ad content may achieve higher levels of attention, but that the most personalized ads are also the least acceptable. The noticeability benefit in using someone's photo to make them look at an ad may be offset by the privacy cost. As more personal data becomes available to advertisers, it becomes important that these trade-offs are considered.	Too close for comfort: a study of the effectiveness and acceptability of rich-media personalized advertising	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pedro Leon:Blase Ur:Richard Shay:Yang Wang:Rebecca Balebako:Lorrie Cranor	We present results of a 45-participant laboratory study investigating the usability of nine tools to limit online behavioral advertising (OBA). We interviewed participants about OBA and recorded their behavior and attitudes as they configured and used a privacy tool, such as a browser plugin that blocks requests to specific URLs, a tool that sets browser cookies indicating a user's preference to opt out of OBA, or the privacy settings built into a web browser. We found serious usability flaws in all tools we tested. Participants found many tools difficult to configure, and tools' default settings were often minimally protective. Ineffective communication, confusing interfaces, and a lack of feedback led many participants to conclude that a tool was blocking OBA when they had not properly configured it to do so. Without being familiar with many advertising companies and tracking technologies, it was difficult for participants to use the tools effectively.	Why Johnny can't opt out: a usability evaluation of tools to limit online behavioral advertising	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Herkko Hietanen:Antti Salovaara:Kumaripaba Athukorala:Yefeng Liu	Media creation applications cater poorly to one very common usage: Situations in which the users need media that they do not own and for which they are unwilling to pay. Finding and using externally produced media is currently a cumbersome process. Often, users locate the content using a search engine, copy it into their work, cross their fingers, and hope they do not infringe on any copyrights. While the authors have shared hundreds of millions of images with permissive licenses, the license terms are too complicated for other users to follow. In our studies, we found that even the well-intentioned users still fail to respect copyrights in simple image reuse situations. We therefore introduce an Open Media Retrieval (OMR) model to remedy this problem and supplement it with prototypes that access various legal image sources directly within the creative work flow and provide automatic credits to the original authors.	<insert image>: Helping in the legal use of open images	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pamela Wisniewski:Heather Lipford:David Wilson	Sharing information online via social network sites (SNSs) is at an all-time high, yet research shows that users often exhibit a marked dissatisfaction in using such sites. A compelling explanation for this dichotomy is that users are struggling against their SNS environment in an effort to achieve their preferred levels of privacy for regulating social interactions. Our research investigates users' SNS boundary regulation behavior. This paper presents results from a qualitative interview-based study to identify "coping mechanisms" that users devise outside explicit boundary-regulation interface features in order to manage interpersonal boundaries. Our categorization of such mechanisms provides insight into interaction design issues and opportunities for new SNS features.	Fighting for my space: coping mechanisms for sns boundary regulation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Rohs	NA	Session details: Tools for video + images	NA	2018
Pavel Gurevich:Joel Lanir:Benjamin Cohen:Ran Stone	TeleAdvisor is a novel solution designed to support remote assistance tasks in many real-world scenarios. It consists of a video camera and a small projector mounted at the end of a tele-operated robotic arm. This enables a remote helper to view and interact with the workers' workspace, while controlling the point of view. It also provides the worker with a hands-free transportable device to be placed anywhere in his or her environment. Active tracking of the projection space is used in order to reliably correlate between the camera's view and the projector space.	TeleAdvisor: a versatile augmented reality tool for remote assistance	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Thorsten Karrer:Moritz Wittenhagen:Jan Borchers	Direct manipulation video navigation (DMVN) systems allow to navigate inside video scenes by spatially manipulating objects in the video. Problems arise when dealing with temporal ambiguities where a time span is projected onto a single point in image space, e.g., when objects stop moving. Existing DMVN systems deal with these cases by either disabling navigation on the paused object or by allowing jumps in the timeline. Both of these workarounds are undesirable as they introduce inconsistency or provoke loss of context. We analyze current practices regarding temporal ambiguities and introduce two new methods to visualize and navigate object pauses. User tests show that the new approaches are better suited for navigation in scenes containing temporal ambiguities and are rated higher in terms of user satisfaction.	DragLocks: handling temporal ambiguities in direct manipulation video navigation	NA:NA:NA	2018
James Norris:Holger Schnädelbach:Guoping Qiu	CamBlend is a new focus-in-context panoramic video collaboration system designed to facilitate the interaction with and around objects in a lightweight, flexible package. As well as the ability to view very high resolution local and remote video that covers a full 180#176; field of view, the system contains a number of tools which facilitate bi-directional pointing between two remote spaces. In the first quasi-naturalistic exploratory study on a focus-in-context video system, we show a number of unique object referencing behaviours, including un-intentional or 'implicit' pointing and a number of scenarios where this was advantageous. Additionally the study highlighted some of the problems inherent in aligning between screen-based and real-world perspectives.	CamBlend: an object focused collaboration tool	NA:NA:NA	2018
Justin Matejka:Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice	We first conduct a study using abstracted video content to measure the effects of latency on video scrubbing performance and find that even very small amounts of latency can significantly degrade navigation performance. Based on these results, we present Swift, a technique that supports real-time scrubbing of online videos by overlaying a small, low resolution copy of the video during video scrubbing, and snapping back to the high resolution video when the scrubbing is completed or paused. A second study compares the Swift technique to traditional online video players on a collection of realistic live motion videos and content-specific search tasks which finds the Swift technique reducing completion times by as much as 72% even with a relatively low latency of 500ms. Lastly, we demonstrate that the Swift technique can be easily implemented using modern HTML5 web standards.	Swift: reducing the effects of latency in online video scrubbing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Cuong Nguyen:Yuzhen Niu:Feng Liu	This paper presents Video Summagator (VS), a volume-based interface for video summarization and navigation. VS models a video as a space-time cube and visualizes the video cube using real-time volume rendering techniques. VS empowers a user to interactively manipulate the video cube. We show that VS can quickly summarize both the static and dynamic video content by visualizing the space-time information in 3D. We demonstrate that VS enables a user to quickly look into the video cube, understand the content, and navigate to the content of interest.	Video summagator: an interface for video summarization and navigation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sami Vihavainen:Sujeet Mate:Lassi Liikkanen:Igor Curcio	Digital memorabilia, such as video remixes, can increase the value of attending music events. Remixes can be made using video clips recorded by attendees during the event; however, producing them is a laborious task. In this paper we study the prospects of an automatic video remixing and present the results of a study on users' perceptions and attitudes towards collaborative automatic mobile video production. The three findings are as follows: People assess automatic video remix memorabilia as fairly equal to amateur-made manual ones, even if the manually-created video remixes are better in overall quality; as a remixing actor, a computer can be perceived to be more trustworthy than a human remixer; and, the quality of the video remix and the publication forum of the remix outcome plays a significant role when people are deciding whether or not they need public acknowledgement for their contribution. We conclude by discussing the design implications for collaborative automatic mobile video production.	Video as memorabilia: user needs for collaborative automatic mobile video production	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
A.J. Brush	NA	Session details: Sustainability & behavior change	NA	2018
Bill Tomlinson:M. Six Silberman:Donald Patterson:Yue Pan:Eli Blevis	Research in many fields argues that contemporary global industrial civilization will not persist indefinitely in its current form, and may, like many past human societies, eventually collapse. Arguments in environmental studies, anthropology, and other fields indicate that this transformation could begin within the next half-century. While imminent collapse is far from certain, it is prudent to consider now how to develop sociotechnical systems for use in these scenarios. We introduce the notion of collapse informatics---the study, design, and development of sociotechnical systems in the abundant present for use in a future of scarcity---as a complement to ICT4D and mitigation-oriented sustainable HCI. We draw on a variety of literatures to offer a set of relevant concepts and articulate the relationships among them to orient and evaluate collapse informatics work. Observing that collapse informatics poses a unique class of cross-cultural design problems, we sketch the design space of collapse informatics and provide a variety of example projects. We explore points of connection and distinction between collapse informatics and sustainable HCI, ICT4D, and crisis informatics. Finally, we discuss next steps and comment on the potential value of collapse informatics work even in the event that collapse never occurs.	Collapse informatics: augmenting the sustainability & ICT4D discourse in HCI	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
James Pierce:Eric Paulos	Motivated by a recent surge of research related to energy and sustainability, this paper presents a review of energy-related work within HCI as well as from literature outside of HCI. Our review of energy-related HCI research identifies a central cluster of work focused on electricity consumption feedback (ECF). Our review of literature outside of HCI highlights a number of emerging energy systems trends of strong relevance to HCI and interaction design, including smart grid, demand response, and distributed generation technologies. We conclude by outlining a range of opportunities for HCI to engage with the experiential, behavioral, social, and cultural aspects of these emerging systems, including highlighting new areas for ECF research that move beyond our field's current focus on energy feedback displays to increase awareness and motivate individual conservation behavior.	Beyond energy monitors: interaction, energy, and emerging energy systems	NA:NA	2018
Thomas Erickson:Mark Podlaseck:Sambit Sahu:Jing D. Dai:Tian Chao:Milind Naphade	The Dubuque Water Portal is a system aimed at supporting voluntary reductions of water consumption that is intended to be deployed city-wide. It provides each household with fine-grained, near real time feedback on their water consumption, as well as using techniques like social comparison, weekly games, and news and chat to encourage water conservation. This study used logs, a survey and interviews to evaluate a 15-week pilot with 303 households. It describes the Portal's design, and discusses its adoption, use and impacts. The system resulted in a 6.6% decrease in water consumption, and the paper employs qualitative methods to look at the ways in which the Portal was (or wasn't) effective in supporting its users and enabling them to reduce their consumption. The paper concludes with a discussion of design implications for residential feedback systems, and possible engagement models.	The dubuque water portal: evaluation of the uptake, use and impact of residential water consumption feedback	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ernesto Arroyo:Leonardo Bonanni:Nina Valkanova	This paper presents an interactive installation for a public space aimed at motivating new behaviors by augmenting the space with subtle and playful audiovisual interaction aesthetically integrated in a shared environment. Designed to complement an existing water fountain with projected light and sound, the embedded installation encouraged people to take a drink, increasing the proportion of people who used the water fountain by 42% to 57% approximately for nine months. Sensors evaluated the impact of multiple interaction modalities on actual water usage. We found that subtle interaction can improve the experience of a space, in particular for those that use it frequently, and lead to sustained behavior change, especially when its modalities are responsive to the level of activity in the space.	Embedded interaction in a water fountain for motivating behavior change in public space	NA:NA:NA	2018
Flavius Kehr:Marc Hassenzahl:Matthias Laschke:Sarah Diefenbach	Lack of self-control is at the heart of many undesirable behaviors, such as overeating, overspending, and even overworking. While the field of Persuasive Technologies searches for ways to change attitudes and behaviors, it often neglects the science of self-control. We present the Chocolate Machine, an exploratory interactive product to train self-control strength based upon Ego Depletion theory. A field study showed the machine to increase perceived self-control over time, while providing a sustained positive experience. This makes the machine transformational, aiming at facilitating behaviors people find worthwhile, but hard to implement.	A transformational product to improve self-control strength: the chocolate machine	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Antonello De Angeli	NA	Session details: Interacting with robots & agents	NA	2018
Min Kyung Lee:Sara Kiesler:Jodi Forlizzi:Paul Rybski	Prior research has investigated the effect of interactive social agents presented on computer screens or embodied in robots. Much of this research has been pursued in labs and brief field studies. Comparatively little is known about social agents embedded in the workplace, where employees have repeated interactions with the agent, alone and with others. We designed a social robot snack delivery service for a workplace, and evaluated the service over four months allowing each employee to use it for two months. We report on how employees responded to the robot and the service over repeated encounters. Employees attached different social roles to the robot beyond a delivery person as they incorporated the robot's visit into their workplace routines. Beyond one-on-one interaction, the robot created a ripple effect in the workplace, triggering new behaviors among employees, including politeness, protection of the robot, mimicry, social comparison, and even jealousy. We discuss the implications of these ripple effects for designing services incorporating social agents.	Ripple effects of an embedded social agent: a field study of a social robot in the workplace	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sean Andrist:Tomislav Pejsa:Bilge Mutlu:Michael Gleicher	Virtual agents hold great promise in human-computer interaction with their ability to afford embodied interaction using nonverbal human communicative cues. Gaze cues are particularly important to achieve significant high-level outcomes such as improved learning and feelings of rapport. Our goal is to explore how agents might achieve such outcomes through seemingly subtle changes in gaze behavior and what design variables for gaze might lead to such positive outcomes. Drawing on research in human physiology, we developed a model of gaze behavior to capture these key design variables. In a user study, we investigated how manipulations in these variables might improve affiliation with the agent and learning. The results showed that an agent using affiliative gaze elicited more positive feelings of connection, while an agent using referential gaze improved participants' learning. Our model and findings offer guidelines for the design of effective gaze behaviors for virtual agents.	Designing effective gaze mechanisms for virtual agents	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lars Erik Holmquist	NA	Session details: Hot moves: shape-changing & thermal interfaces	NA	2018
Martin Halvey:Graham Wilson:Stephen Brewster:Stephen Hughes	Thermal feedback is a new area of research in HCI and, as such, there has been very little investigation of the impact of environmental factors on its use for interaction. To address this shortcoming we conducted an experiment to investigate how ambient temperature and humidity could affect the usability of thermal feedback. If environmental conditions affect perception significantly, then it may not be suitable for mobile interactions. Evaluations were conducted outdoors in varying environmental conditions over a period of 5 months. Results showed that the ambient temperature has a significant impact on people's ability to detect stimuli and also their perception of these stimuli. Humidity has a negligible effect for most humidity values. Despite this, previous thermal feedback design recommendations still hold in varying temperatures and humidities showing that thermal feedback is a useful tool for mobile interaction.	"Baby it's cold outside": the influence of ambient temperature and humidity on thermal feedback	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuta Sugiura:Calista Lee:Masayasu Ogata:Anusha Withana:Yasutoshi Makino:Daisuke Sakamoto:Masahiko Inami:Takeo Igarashi	PINOKY is a wireless ring-like device that can be externally attached to any plush toy as an accessory that animates the toy by moving its limbs. A user is thus able to instantly convert any plush toy into a soft robot. The user can control the toy remotely or input the movement desired by moving the plush toy and having the data recorded and played back. Unlike other methods for animating plush toys, PINOKY is non-intrusive, so alterations to the toy are not required. In a user study, 1) the roles of plush toys in the participants' daily lives were examined, 2) how participants played with plush toys without PINOKY was observed, 3) how they played with plush toys with PINOKY was observed, and their reactions to the device were surveyed. On the basis of the results, potential applications were conceptualized to illustrate the utility of PINOKY.	PINOKY: a ring that animates your plush toys	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Majken K. Rasmussen:Esben W. Pedersen:Marianne G. Petersen:Kasper Hornbæk	Shape change is increasingly used in physical user interfaces, both as input and output. Yet, the progress made and the key research questions for shape-changing interfaces are rarely analyzed systematically. We review a sample of existing work on shape-changing interfaces to address these shortcomings. We identify eight types of shape that are transformed in various ways to serve both functional and hedonic design purposes. Interaction with shape-changing interfaces is simple and rarely merges input and output. Three questions are discussed based on the review: (a) which design purposes may shape-changing interfaces be used for, (b) which parts of the design space are not well understood, and (c) why studying user experience with shape-changing interfaces is important.	Shape-changing interfaces: a review of the design space and open research questions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yusuke Nakagawa:Akiya Kamimura:Yoichiro Kawaguchi	MimicTile is a novel variable stiffness deformable user interface for mobile devices that implements two key features. The first feature is an input interface that accepts a variety of deformation-based gestures, providing a user with several ways of interacting with a small mobile device. The other feature is the ability to provide information to the user through haptic feedback by varying the stiffness of the interface. The features are suitable for enhancing mobile applications. They were implemented using only shape memory alloy (SMA) wires as the actuator. SMA wire is extremely flexible, making it ideal for deformable user interfaces. In MimicTile, SMA wires act as both actuators and external input sensors. The actuator function works by altering stiffness based on user input. This study also discusses ideas for further development of deformable user interfaces.	MimicTile: a variable stiffness deformable user interface for mobile devices	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jie Qi:Leah Buechley	Our aim is to make shape memory alloys (SMAs) accessible and visible as creative crafting materials by combining them with paper. In this paper, we begin by presenting mechanisms for actuating paper with SMAs along with a set of design guidelines for achieving dramatic movement. We then describe how we tested the usability and educational potential of one of these mechanisms in a workshop where participants, age 9 to 15, made actuated electronic origami cranes. We found that participants were able to successfully build constructions integrating SMAs and paper, that they enjoyed doing so, and were able to learn skills like circuitry design and soldering over the course of the workshop.	Animating paper using shape memory alloys	NA:NA	2018
Mary Czerwinski	NA	Session details: Intimacy & connection	NA	2018
Carman Neustaedter:Saul Greenberg	Many couples live a portion of their lives in a long-distance relationship (LDR). This includes a large number of dating college students as well as couples who are geographically-separated because of situational demands such as work. We conducted interviews with individuals in LDRs to understand how they make use of video chat systems to maintain their relationships. In particular, we have investigated how couples use video to "hang out" together and engage in activities over extended periods of time. Our results show that regardless of the relationship situation, video chat affords a unique opportunity for couples to share presence over distance, which in turn provides intimacy. While beneficial, couples still face challenges in using video chat, including contextual (e.g., location of partners, time zones), technical (e.g., mobility, audio/video quality, networking), and personal (e.g., a lack of physicality needed by most for intimate sexual acts) challenges.	Intimacy in long-distance relationships over video chat	NA:NA	2018
Young-Woo Park:Seok-Hyung Bae:Tek-Jin Nam	In this paper we introduce CheekTouch, an affective audio-tactile communication technique that transmits multi-finger touch gestures applied on a sender's mobile phone to a receiver's cheek in real time during a call. We made a pair of CheekTouch prototypes each with a multi-touch screen and vibrotactile display to enable bidirectional touch delivery. We observed four romantic couples in their twenties using our prototype system in a lab setting over five consecutive days, and analyzed how CheekTouch affected their non-verbal and emotional communication. The results of the user study showed that CheekTouch could effectively support audio-tactile communication in various ways - persuading, conveying status, delivering information, emphasizing emotion/words, calling for attention, and being playful.	How do couples use CheekTouch over phone calls?	NA:NA:NA	2018
Adam D.I. Kramer	In this paper we study large-scale emotional contagion through an examination of Facebook status updates. After a user makes a status update with emotional content, their friends are significantly more likely to make a valence-consistent post. This effect is significant even three days later, and even after controlling for prior emotion expressions by both users and their friends. This indicates not only that emotional contagion is possible via text-only communication and that emotions flow through social networks, but also that emotion spreads via indirect communications media.	The spread of emotion via facebook	NA	2018
Xuan Zhao:Victoria Schwanda Sosik:Dan Cosley	Romantic partners face issues of relational development including managing information privacy, tension between individual and relational needs, and accountability to existing friends. Prior work suggests that affordances of social media might highlight and shape these tensions; to explore this, we asked 20 people to reflect daily for two weeks on feelings and decisions around their own and others' Facebook use related to their relationships. Most generally, we find that tensions arise when romantic partners must manage multiple relationships simultaneously because Facebook audiences are so present and so varied. People also engage in subtle negotiation around and appropriation of Facebook's features to accomplish both personal and relational goals. By capturing both why people make these decisions and how Facebook's affordances support them, we expect our findings to generalize to many other social media tools and to inform theorizing about how these tools affect relational development.	It's complicated: how romantic partners use facebook	NA:NA:NA	2018
William Odom:Abi Sellen:Richard Harper:Eno Thereska	People are amassing larger and more diverse collections of digital things. The emergence of Cloud computing has enabled people to move their personal files to online places, and create new digital things through online services. However, little is known about how this shift might shape people's orientations toward their digital things. To investigate, we conducted in depth interviews with 13 people comparing and contrasting how they think about their possessions, moving from physical ones, to locally kept digital materials, to the online world. Findings are interpreted to detail design and research opportunities in this emerging space.	Lost in translation: understanding the possession of digital things in the cloud	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Batya Friedman	NA	Session details: HCI4D: business	NA	2018
Nithya Sambasivan:Edward Cutrell	Shared access to airtime is a prominent mode of connectivity access in the developing world. We seek to understand airtime sharing among low-income microenterprises in India (small, low-capital businesses, such as flower sellers and milkmen), that constitute 90% of the total enterprises in India. We introduce social negotiation as the foundation of airtime sharing. We highlight negotiation mechanisms in the microenterprise, showing how shared resources are used towards personal interests amidst tensions and value conflicts, by adapting, modifying, subverting, and repurposing airtime. We then explore the design space of airtime and bandwidth sharing in low-income communities, including designing for negotiation and improving readability of airtime.	Understanding negotiation in airtime sharing in low-income microenterprises	NA:NA	2018
Carman Neustaedter	NA	Session details: Pen + touch	NA	2018
Yizhong Xin:Xiaojun Bi:Xiangshi Ren	Inherent pen input modalities such as tip pressure, tilt and azimuth (PTA) have been extensively used as additional input channels in pen-based interactions. We conducted a study to investigate the natural use profiles of PTA, which describes the features of PTA in the course of normal pen use such as writing and drawing. First, the study reveals the ranges of PTA in normal pen use, which can distinguish pen events accidently occurring in normal drawing and writing from those used for mode switch. The natural use profiles also show that azimuth is least likely to cause false pen mode switching while tip pressure is most likely to cause false pen mode switching. Second, the study reveals correlations among various modalities, indicating that pressure plus azimuth is superior to other pairs for dual-modality control.	Natural use profiles for the pen: an empirical exploration of pressure, tilt, and azimuth	NA:NA:NA	2018
Khalad Hasan:Xing-Dong Yang:Andrea Bunt:Pourang Irani	The human hand can naturally coordinate multiple finger joints, and simultaneously tilt, press and roll a pen to write or draw. For this reason, digital pens are now embedded with auxiliary input sensors to capture these actions. Prior research on auxiliary input channels has mainly investigated them in isolation of one another. In this work, we explore the coordinated use of two auxiliary channels, a class of interaction techniques we refer to as a-coord input. Through two separate experiments, we explore the design space of a-coord input. In the first study we identify if users can successfully coordinate two auxiliary channels. We found a strong degree of coordination between channels. In a second experiment, we evaluate the effectiveness of a-coord input in a task with multiple steps, such as multi-parameter selection and manipulation. We find that a-coord input facilitates coordination even with a complex, aforethought sequential task. Overall our results indicate that users can control at least two auxiliary input channels in conjunction which can facilitate a number of common tasks can on the pen.	A-coord input: coordinating auxiliary input streams for augmenting contextual pen-based interactions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leah Findlater:Jacob Wobbrock	Although typing on touchscreens is slower than typing on physical keyboards, touchscreens offer a critical potential advantage: they are software-based, and, as such, the keyboard layout and classification models used to interpret key presses can dynamically adapt to suit each user's typing pattern. To explore this potential, we introduce and evaluate two novel personalized keyboard interfaces, both of which adapt their underlying key-press classification models. The first keyboard also visually adapts the location of keys while the second one always maintains a visually stable rectangular layout. A three-session user evaluation showed that the keyboard with the stable rectangular layout significantly improved typing speed compared to a control condition with no personalization. Although no similar benefit was found for the keyboard that also offered visual adaptation, overall subjective response to both new touchscreen keyboards was positive. As personalized keyboards are still an emerging area of research, we also outline a design space that includes dimensions of adaptation and key-press classification features.	Personalized input: improving ten-finger touchscreen typing through automatic adaptation	NA:NA	2018
François Guimbretière:Chau Nguyen	We describe a mouseless, near-surface version of the Bimanual Marking Menu system. To activate the menu system, users create a pinch gesture with either their index or middle finger to initiate a left click or right click. Then they mark in the 3D space near the interactive area. We demonstrate how the system can be implemented using a commodity range camera such as the Microsoft Kinect, and report on several designs of the 3D marking system. Like the multi-touch marking menu, our system offers a large number of accessible commands. Since it does not rely on contact points to operate, our system leaves the non-dominant hand available for other multi-touch interactions.	Bimanual marking menu for near surface interactions	NA:NA	2018
Albrecht Schmidt	NA	Session details: Affective presence	NA	2018
Malte Jung:Jan Chong:Larry Leifer	Inspired by research on the role of affect in marital interactions, the authors examined whether affective interaction dynamics occurring within a 5-minute slice can predict pair programming performance. In a laboratory experiment with professional programmers, Group Hedonic Balance, a measure of the balance between positive and negative expressed affect, accounted for up to 35% of the variance in not only subjective but also objective pair programming performance. Implications include a new set of methods to study pair programming interactions and recommendations to improve pair programming performance.	Group hedonic balance and pair programming performance: affective interaction dynamics as indicators of performance	NA:NA:NA	2018
Anbang Xu:Jacob Biehl:Eleanor Rieffel:Thea Turner:William van Melle	Affect influences workplace collaboration and thereby impacts a workplace's productivity. Participants in face-to-face interactions have many cues to each other's affect, but work is increasingly carried out via computer-mediated channels that lack many of these cues. Current presence systems enable users to estimate the availability of other users, but not their affective states or communication preferences. This work demonstrates the feasibility of estimating affective state and communication preferences from a stream of presence states that are already being shared in a deployed presence system.	Learning how to feel again: towards affective workplace presence and communication technologies	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel McDuff:Amy Karlson:Ashish Kapoor:Asta Roseway:Mary Czerwinski	We present AffectAura, an emotional prosthetic that allows users to reflect on their emotional states over long periods of time. We designed a multimodal sensor set-up for continuous logging of audio, visual, physiological and contextual data, a classification scheme for predicting user affective state and an interface for user reflection. The system continuously predicts a user's valence, arousal and engage-ment, and correlates this with information on events, communications and data interactions. We evaluate the interface through a user study consisting of six users and over 240 hours of data, and demonstrate the utility of such a reflection tool. We show that users could reason forward and backward in time about their emotional experiences using the interface, and found this useful.	AffectAura: an intelligent system for emotional memory	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Petr Slovák:Joris Janssen:Geraldine Fitzpatrick	Advances in biosensing make it possible to include heart rate monitoring in applications and several studies have suggested that heart rate communication has potential for improving social connectedness. However, it is not known how people understand heart rate feedback, or what issues need to be taken into account when designing technologies including heart rate feedback. To explore this, we created a heart rate communication probe that was used in two qualitative in-lab studies and a two-week field trial in participants' homes. Results show that heart rate feedback is a strong connectedness cue that affects the interaction in various ways, depending on a number of interrelated factors. In particular, we found two distinct categories of effects: heart rate as information and heart rate as connection. We propose two mechanisms that could explain these observations and draw out the implications they have for future use of heartbeat communication to support social connectedness or other aspects of social interaction.	Understanding heart rate sharing: towards unpacking physiosocial space	NA:NA:NA	2018
Steve Feiner	NA	Session details: Games: community + communication	NA	2018
Annika Waern:Elena Balan:Kim Nevelsteen	Participatory design methods face challenges when designing for a widespread youth community. In such projects, it is not enough to design in collaboration with a few selected individuals; one must also strive to understand the community at a deeper level and incorporate its values and practices into the design solution. We report on our process of designing with, and for, an identified youth group: the Parkour and Freerunning community. We show how the successful design relied not only on employing methods of participatory observation and participatory design, but also on acquiring an understanding of the practice as a "fun community", valuing play over achievement and competition.	Athletes and street acrobats: designing for play as a community value in parkour	NA:NA:NA	2018
Laura Dabbish:Robert Kraut:Jordan Patton	Theories about commitment in online settings and empirical evidence from offline environments suggest that greater communication in online groups should lead members to become more committed and participate longer. However, experimental evidence is sparse, in part because of difficulties inducing communication online. Moreover, previous work has not identified the route by which communication leads to increased commitment. In this paper, we investigated whether task versus social communication modeled by a leader versus a peer influenced the amount that group members talked and their willingness to continue participating in the group. We conducted an experiment within ad hoc groups in the online game World of Warcraft. Results suggest that communication early in a group's history causes members to talk more later on and that the early communication increases their commitment through its influence on group atmosphere rather than through increased member participation. Social communication by a peer is especially valuable in increasing commitment.	Communication and commitment in an online game team	NA:NA:NA	2018
Max Van Kleek:Daniel Smith:Ruben Stranders:m.c. schraefel	Millions of recommendations, opinions and experiences are shared across popular microblogging platforms and services each day. Yet much of this content becomes quickly lost in the stream shortly after being posted. This paper looks at the feasibility of identifying useful content in microblog streams so that it might be archived to facilitate wider access and reference. Towards this goal, we present an experiment with a game-with-a-purpose called Twiage that we designed to determine how well the deluge of content in "raw" microblog streams could be turned into filtered and ranked collections using ratings from players. Experiments with Twiage validate the feasibility of applying human-computation to this problem, finding strong agreement about what constitutes the "most useful" content in our test dataset. Second, we compare the effectiveness of various methods of eliciting such ratings, finding that a "choose-best" interface and Elo rating ranking scheme yield the greatest agreement in the fewest rounds. External validation of resulting top-rated twitter content with a domain expert found that while the top Twiage-ranked "tweets" were among the best of the set, there was a tendency for players to also select what we term "weak spam" - e.g., promotional content disguised as articles or reviews, indicating a need for more stringent content filtering.	Twiage: a game for finding good advice on twitter	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Katie Siek	NA	Session details: Healthcare + technology: putting patients first	NA	2018
Md Haque:Ferdaus Kawsar:Mohammad Adibuzzaman:Sheikh Ahamed:Richard Love:Rumana Dowla:David Roe:Syed Hossain:Reza Selim	Breast cancer (BC) patients need traditional treatment as well as long term monitoring through an adaptive feedback-oriented treatment mechanism. Here, we present the findings of our 31-week long field study and deployment of e-ESAS - the first mobile-based remote symptom monitoring system (RSMS) developed for rural BC patients where patients are the prime users rather than just the source of data collection at some point of time. We have also shown how 'motivation' and 'automation' have been integrated in e-ESAS and creating a unique motivation-persuasion-motivation cycle where the motivated patients become proactive change agents by persuading others. Though in its early deployment stages (2 months), e-ESAS demonstrates the potential to positively impact the cancer care by (1) helping the doctors with graphical charts of long symptom history (automation), (2) facilitating timely interventions through alert generation (automation) and (3) improving three way communications (doctor-patient-attendant) for a better decision making process (motivation) and thereby improving the quality of life of BC patients.	Findings of e-ESAS: a mobile based symptom monitoring system for breast cancer patients in rural Bangladesh	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Hartswood:Rob Procter:Paul Taylor:Lilian Blot:Stuart Anderson:Mark Rouncefield:Roger Slack	This paper explores some of the problems encountered in using a data archive to build tools for training radiologists to interpret breast screening images. We detail our experiences of taking images and case notes created as part of the work of breast cancer screening and using them as resources for training. Four instances of the use of the archive in training are described in detail and the problems they reveal are discussed. We formulate some general lessons for the mobility and re-use of rich ensembles of data and artefacts drawn from complex professional settings. We argue for a richer representation of the context from which the data was taken than can be achieved through making selected relations explicit in metadata. We also conclude that facilities for correcting and elaborating data should be available at the point of use, and not separated out as distinct activities.	Problems of data mobility and reuse in the provision of computer-based training for screening mammography	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rob Comber:Jack Weeden:Jennifer Hoare:Stephen Lindsay:Gemma Teal:Alastair Macdonald:Lisa Methven:Paula Moynihan:Patrick Olivier	Monitoring nutritional intake is an important aspect of the care of older people, particularly for those at risk of malnutrition. Current practice for monitoring food intake relies on hand written food charts that have several inadequacies. We describe the design and validation of a tool for computer-assisted visual assessment of patient food and nutrient intake. To estimate food consumption, the application compares the pixels the user rubbed out against predefined graphical masks. Weight of food consumed is calculated as a percentage of pixels rubbed out against pixels in the mask. Results suggest that the application may be a useful tool for the conservative assessment of nutritional intake in hospitals.	Supporting visual assessment of food and nutrient intake in a clinical care setting	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jina Huh:Rupa Patel:Wanda Pratt	Online health communities that engage the patient as a whole person attend to personal and medical needs in a holistic manner. Whether current communities structure interaction between health professionals and patients to address the whole person is an open question. To gain insights into this question, we examined a sample of online patient communities to understand health professionals' involvement in bringing in medical advice into peer-patient conversations. We found the communities fall short in supporting the whole person, because (1) patient expertise and clinical expertise generated by health professionals are shared separately, and (2) patients' quantified data are separate from narrative experiences. Such separation in the design of these systems can lead to limitations in addressing patients' interwoven medical and personal concerns. We discuss dilemmas and design implications for supporting the whole person in online patient communities.	Tackling dilemmas in supporting 'the whole person' in online patient communities	NA:NA:NA	2018
Helena M. Mentis:Kenton O'Hara:Abigail Sellen:Rikin Trivedi	Within medical settings there is a growing interest in exploring touchless interaction technologies. The primary motivation here is to avoid contact during interaction with data so as to maintain asepsis. However, there is another important property of touchless interaction that has significant implications for their use within such settings -- namely that interaction behaviour is spatially distal from the device being interacted with. To further understand these implications we present fieldwork observations of work practice in neurosurgery theatres. Drawing on the notion of interaction proxemics and the theory of F-formations, our analysis articulates the spatial organization of collaborative work practices and interaction in these settings. From this understanding of spatial practices, we discuss opportunities and difficulties relating to the design of touchless interaction technologies for in surgical settings.	Interaction proxemics and image use in neurosurgery	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Peter Wright	NA	Session details: Critical perspectives on design	NA	2018
William Gaver	In this essay, I explore several facets of research through design in order to contribute to discussions about how the approach should develop. The essay has three parts. In the first, I review two influential theories from the Philosophy of Science to help reflect on the nature of design theory, concluding that research through design is likely to produce theories that are provisional, contingent, and aspirational. In the second part, I discuss three possible interpretations for the diversity of approaches to research through design, and suggest that this variation need not be seen as a sign of inadequate standards or a lack of cumulative progress in the field, but may be natural for a generative endeavour. In the final section, I suggest that, rather than aiming to develop increasingly comprehensive theories of design, practice based research might better view theory as annotation of realised design examples, and particularly portfolios of related pieces. Overall, I suggest that the design research community should be wary of impulses towards convergence and standardisation, and instead take pride in its aptitude for exploring and speculating, particularising and diversifying, and - especially - its ability to manifest the results in the form of new, conceptually rich artefacts.	What should we expect from research through design?	NA	2018
Hronn Brynjarsdottir:Maria Håkansson:James Pierce:Eric Baumer:Carl DiSalvo:Phoebe Sengers	In this paper we provide a critical analysis of persuasive sustainability research from 2009-2011. Drawing on critical sociological theory of modernism, we argue that persuasion is based on a limited framing of sustainability, human behavior, and their interrelationship. This makes supporting sustainability easier, but leads to characteristic patterns of breakdown. We then detail problems that emerge from this narrowing of vision, such as how the framing of sustainability as the optimization of a simple metrics places technologies incorrectly as objective arbiters over complex issues of sustainability. We conclude by suggesting alternative approaches to move beyond these problems.	Sustainably unpersuaded: how persuasion narrows our vision of sustainability	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
James Pierce	Motivated by substantive concerns with the limitations and negative effects of technology, this paper inquires into the negation of technology as an explicit and intentional aspect of design research within HCI. Building on theory from areas including philosophy and design theory, this paper articulates a theoretical framework for conceptualizing the intentional negation of technology (i.e., the undesign of technology), ranging from the inhibition of particular uses of technology to the total erasure or foreclosure of technology. The framework is then expanded upon to articulate additional areas of undesigning, including self-inhibition, exclusion, removal, replacement, restoration, and safeguarding. In conclusion a scheme is offered for addressing questions concerning the disciplinary scope of undesign in the context of HCI, along with suggestions for ways that undesigning may be more strongly incorporated within HCI research.	Undesigning technology: considering the negation of design by design	NA	2018
Victor Kaptelinin:Bonnie Nardi	Interpretations of the concept of "affordances" in HCI are becoming increasingly diverse, extending well beyond the original Gibsonian meaning. We discuss some of the key analyses of affordances in HCI research and make three related claims. First, we argue that many current interpretations of the concept are essentially incompatible with Gibson. Second, we hold that the Gibsonian concept of affordances, conceptualized as interaction between animals and their environments, provides some important insights, but is, in the end, of limited relevance to HCI research. Third, we call for adopting a mediated action perspective on affordances as an alternative to Gibson's ecological psychology. We outline a view of technology affordances as possibilities for human action mediated by cultural means conceived as a relational property of a three-way interaction between the person, mediational means, and environment. We conclude with a discussion of prospects for future conceptual and empirical explorations of the meditational perspective in HCI research.	Affordances in HCI: toward a mediated action perspective	NA:NA	2018
Xiang Cao	NA	Session details: I am how i touch: authenticating users	NA	2018
Napa Sae-Bae:Kowsar Ahmed:Katherine Isbister:Nasir Memon	In this paper, we present a novel multi-touch gesture-based authentication technique. We take advantage of the multi-touch surface to combine biometric techniques with gestural input. We defined a comprehensive set of five-finger touch gestures, based upon classifying movement characteristics of the center of the palm and fingertips, and tested them in a user study combining biometric data collection with usability questions. Using pattern recognition techniques, we built a classifier to recognize unique biometric gesture characteristics of an individual. We achieved a 90% accuracy rate with single gestures, and saw significant improvement when multiple gestures were performed in sequence. We found user ratings of a gestures desirable characteristics (ease, pleasure, excitement) correlated with a gestures actual biometric recognition rate - that is to say, user ratings aligned well with gestural security, in contrast to typical text-based passwords. Based on these results, we conclude that multi-touch gestures show great promise as an authentication mechanism.	Biometric-rich gestures: a novel approach to authentication on multi-touch devices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alexander De Luca:Alina Hang:Frederik Brudy:Christian Lindner:Heinrich Hussmann	Password patterns, as used on current Android phones, and other shape-based authentication schemes are highly usable and memorable. In terms of security, they are rather weak since the shapes are easy to steal and reproduce. In this work, we introduce an implicit authentication approach that enhances password patterns with an additional security layer, transparent to the user. In short, users are not only authenticated by the shape they input but also by the way they perform the input. We conducted two consecutive studies, a lab and a long-term study, using Android applications to collect and log data from user input on a touch screen of standard commercial smartphones. Analyses using dynamic time warping (DTW) provided first proof that it is actually possible to distinguish different users and use this information to increase security of the input while keeping the convenience for the user high.	Touch me once and i know it's you!: implicit authentication based on touch screen patterns	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eiji Hayashi:Bryan Pendleton:Fatih Ozenc:Jason Hong	Passwords are the most common authentication scheme today. However, it is difficult for people to memorize strong passwords, such as random sequences of characters. Additionally, passwords do not provide protection against phishing attacks. This paper introduces WebTicket, a low cost, easy-to-use and reliable web account management system that uses "tickets", which are tokens that contain a two-dimensional barcode that can be printed or stored on smartphones. Users can log into accounts by presenting the barcodes to webcams connected to computers. Through two lab studies and one field study consisting of 59 participants in total, we found that WebTicket can provide reliable authentication and phishing resilience.	WebTicket: account management using printable tokens	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Duncan Brumby	NA	Session details: Visionary models + tools	NA	2018
Jeffrey Heer:Maureen Stone	Our ability to reliably name colors provides a link between visual perception and symbolic cognition. In this paper, we investigate how a statistical model of color naming can enable user interfaces to meaningfully mimic this link and support novel interactions. We present a method for constructing a probabilistic model of color naming from a large, unconstrained set of human color name judgments. We describe how the model can be used to map between colors and names and define metrics for color saliency (how reliably a color is named) and color name distance (the similarity between colors based on naming patterns). We then present a series of applications that demonstrate how color naming models can enhance graphical interfaces: a color dictionary & thesaurus, name-based pixel selection methods for image editing, and evaluation aids for color palette design.	Color naming models for color selection, image editing and palette design	NA:NA	2018
Haakon Faste:Honray Lin	Digital mind mapping tools present a fertile area for research on human-computer interaction. We evaluated numerous existing mind mapping software applications, performed ethnographic research with a variety of users, and developed a framework of principles to inform the design of future tools for collaborative knowledge management. Our findings suggest an opportunity to advance digital mind mapping beyond the existing state-of-the-art, particularly in the areas of improving workflow, facilitating collaboration, and supporting information storage and retrieval. We conclude with suggestions for how to improve digital mind mapping systems, specifically with regard to real-time collaborative thinking.	The untapped promise of digital mind maps	NA:NA	2018
Nicholas Kong:Tovi Grossman:Björn Hartmann:Maneesh Agrawala:George Fitzmaurice	Tutorials and sample workflows for complicated, feature-rich software packages are widely available online. As a result users must differentiate between workflows to choose the most suitable one for their task. We present Delta, an interactive workflow visualization and comparison tool that helps users identify the tradeoffs between workflows. We conducted an initial study to identify the set of attributes users attend to when comparing workflows, finding that they consider result quality, their knowledge of commands, and the efficiency of the workflow. We then designed Delta to surface these attributes at three granularities: a high-level, clustered view; an intermediate-level list view that contains workflow summaries; and a low-level detail view that allows users to compare two individual workflows. Finally, we conducted an evaluation of Delta on a small corpus of 30 workflows and found that the intermediate list view provided the best information density. We conclude with thoughts on how such a workflow comparison system could be scaled up to larger corpora in the future.	Delta: a tool for representing and comparing workflows	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Salman Cheema:Sumit Gulwani:Joseph LaViola	We present QuickDraw, a prototype sketch-based drawing tool, that facilitates drawing of precise geometry diagrams that are often drawn by students and academics in several scientific disciplines. Quickdraw can recognize sketched diagrams containing components such as line segments and circles, infer geometric constraints relating recognized components, and use this information to beautify the sketched diagram. Beautification is based on a novel algorithm that iteratively computes various sub-components of the components using an extensible set of deductive rules. We conducted a user study comparing QuickDraw with four state-of-the-art diagramming tools: Microsoft PowerPoint, Cabri II Plus, Geometry Expressions and Geometer's SketchPad. Our study demonstrates a strong interest among participants for the use of sketch-based software for drawing geometric diagrams. We also found that QuickDraw enables users to draw precise diagrams faster than the majority of existing tools in some cases, while having them make fewer corrections.	QuickDraw: improving drawing experience for geometric diagrams	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wayne Lutters	NA	Session details: It's a big web!	NA	2018
Sanjay Kairam:Mike Brzozowski:David Huffaker:Ed Chi	Online social networks have become indispensable tools for information sharing, but existing 'all-or-nothing' models for sharing have made it difficult for users to target information to specific parts of their networks. In this paper, we study Google+, which enables users to selectively share content with specific 'Circles' of people. Through a combination of log analysis with surveys and interviews, we investigate how active users organize and select audiences for shared content. We find that these users frequently engaged in selective sharing, creating circles to manage content across particular life facets, ties of varying strength, and interest-based groups. Motivations to share spanned personal and informational reasons, and users frequently weighed ''limiting' factors (e.g. privacy, relevance, and social norms) against the desire to reach a large audience. Our work identifies implications for the design of selective sharing mechanisms in social networks.	Talking in circles: selective sharing in google+	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Patti Bao:Brent Hecht:Samuel Carton:Mahmood Quaderi:Michael Horn:Darren Gergle	We present Omnipedia, a system that allows Wikipedia readers to gain insight from up to 25 language editions of Wikipedia simultaneously. Omnipedia highlights the similarities and differences that exist among Wikipedia language editions, and makes salient information that is unique to each language as well as that which is shared more widely. We detail solutions to numerous front-end and algorithmic challenges inherent to providing users with a multilingual Wikipedia experience. These include visualizing content in a language-neutral way and aligning data in the face of diverse information organization strategies. We present a study of Omnipedia that characterizes how people interact with information using a multilingual lens. We found that users actively sought information exclusive to unfamiliar language editions and strategically compared how language editions defined concepts. Finally, we briefly discuss how Omnipedia generalizes to other domains facing language barriers.	Omnipedia: bridging the wikipedia language gap	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Aditi Muralidharan:Zoltan Gyongyi:Ed Chi	We ask how to best present social annotations on search results, and attempt to find an answer through mixed-method eye-tracking and interview experiments. Current practice is anchored on the assumption that faces and names draw attention; the same presentation format is used independently of the social connection strength and the search query topic. The key findings of our experiments indicate room for improvement. First, only certain social contacts are useful sources of information, depending on the search topic. Second, faces lose their well-documented power to draw attention when rendered small as part of a social search result annotation. Third, and perhaps most surprisingly, social annotations go largely unnoticed by users in general due to selective, structured visual parsing behaviors specific to search result pages. We conclude by recommending improvements to the design and content of social annotations to make them more noticeable and useful.	Social annotations in web search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeff Heer	NA	Session details: Tools & stats in evaluation studies	NA	2018
Michael Correll:Danielle Albers:Steven Franconeri:Michael Gleicher	Visualizations often seek to aid viewers in assessing the big picture in the data, that is, to make judgments about aggregate properties of the data. In this paper, we present an empirical study of a representative aggregate judgment task: finding regions of maximum average in a series. We show how a theory of perceptual averaging suggests a visual design other than the typically-used line graph. We describe an experiment that assesses participants' ability to estimate averages and make judgments based on these averages. The experiment confirms that this color encoding significantly outperforms the standard practice. The experiment also provides evidence for a perceptual averaging theory.	Comparing averages in time series data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Maurits Kaptein:Judy Robertson	CHI researchers typically use a significance testing approach to statistical analysis when testing hypotheses during usability evaluations. However, the appropriateness of this approach is under increasing criticism, with statisticians, economists, and psychologists arguing against the use of routine interpretation of results using "canned" p values. Three problems with current practice - the fallacy of the transposed conditional, a neglect of power, and the reluctance to interpret the size of effects - can lead us to build weak theories based on vaguely specified hypothesis, resulting in empirical studies which produce results that are of limited practical or scientific use. Using publicly available data presented at CHI 2010 [19] as an example we address each of the three concerns and promote consideration of the magnitude and actual importance of effects, as opposed to statistical significance, as the new criteria for evaluating CHI research.	Rethinking statistical analysis methods for CHI	NA:NA	2018
Günter Wallner:Simone Kriglstein	Contemporary video games are highly complex systems with many interacting variables. To make sure that a game provides a satisfying experience, a meaningful analysis of gameplay data is crucial, particularly because the quality of a game directly relates to the experience a user gains from playing it. Automatic instrumentation techniques are increasingly used to record data during playtests. However, the evaluation of the data requires strong analytical skills and experience. The visualization of such gameplay data is essentially an information visualization problem, where a large number of variables have to be displayed in a comprehensible way in order to be able to make global judgments. This paper presents a visualization tool to assist the analytical process. It visualizes the game space as a set of nodes which players visit over the course of a game and is also suitable to observe time-dependent information, such as player distribution. Our tool is not tailored to a specific type of genre. To show the flexibility of our approach we use two different kinds of games as case studies.	A spatiotemporal visualization approach for the analysis of gameplay data	NA:NA	2018
Christian Holz	NA	Session details: Values in research practice	NA	2018
Alan Borning:Michael Muller	Questions of human values often arise in HCI research and practice. Such questions can be difficult to address well, and a principled approach can clarify issues of both theory and practice. One such approach is Value Sensitive Design (VSD), an established theory and method for addressing issues of values in a systematic and principled fashion in the design of information technology. In this essay, we suggest however that the theory and at times the presentation of VSD overclaims in a number of key respects, with the result of inhibiting its more widespread adoption and appropriation. We address these issues by suggesting four topics for next steps in the evolution of VSD: (1) tempering VSD's position on universal values; (2) contextualizing existing and future lists of values that are presented as heuristics for consideration; (3) strengthening the voice of the participants in publications describing VSD investigations; and (4) making clearer the voice of the researchers. We propose new or altered approaches for VSD that address these issues of theory, voice, and reportage.	Next steps for value sensitive design	NA:NA	2018
Rose Johnson:Yvonne Rogers:Janet van der Linden:Nadia Bianchi-Berthouze	We describe the insights and challenges offered by researcher participation in in-the-wild studies through the comparison of two prototype evaluations with varying levels of researcher participation. By reflecting on these studies we expose different facets of the researcher's role when interacting with participants in in-the-wild studies. We also demonstrate the value of researcher participation in contributing to the way a researcher understands participant responses: aiding rapport, promoting empathy and stimulating the researcher to reflect on their own assumptions.	Being in the thick of in-the-wild studies: the challenges and insights of researcher participation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Batya Friedman:David Hendry	We introduce the Envisioning Cards - a versatile toolkit for attending to human values during design processes - and discuss their early use. Drawing on almost twenty years of work in value sensitive design, the Envisioning Cards are built upon a set of four envisioning criteria: stakeholders, time, values, and pervasiveness. Each card contains on one side a title and an evocative image related to the card theme; on the flip side, the card shows the envisioning criterion, elaborates on the theme, and provides a focused design activity. Reports from the field demonstrate use in a range of research and design activities including ideation, co-design, heuristic critique, and more.	The envisioning cards: a toolkit for catalyzing humanistic and technical imaginations	NA:NA	2018
Juan Pablo Hourcade	NA	Session details: Literacy on the margin	NA	2018
Anuj Kumar:Pooja Reddy:Anuj Tewari:Rajat Agrawal:Matthew Kam	Learning to read in a second language is challenging, but highly rewarding. For low-income children in developing countries, this task can be significantly more challenging because of lack of access to high-quality schooling, but can potentially improve economic prospects at the same time. A synthesis of research findings suggests that practicing recalling and vocalizing words for expressing an intended meaning could improve word reading skills - including reading in a second language - more than silent recognition of what the given words mean. Unfortunately, many language learning software do not support this instructional approach, owing to the technical challenges of incorporating speech recognition support to check that the learner is vocalizing the correct word. In this paper, we present results from a usability test and two subsequent experiments that explore the use of two speech recognition-enabled mobile games to help rural children in India read words with understanding. Through a working speech recognition prototype, we discuss two major contributions of this work: first, we give empirical evidence that shows the extent to which productive training (i.e. vocalizing words) is superior to receptive vocabulary training, and discuss the use of scaffolding hints to ""unpack"" factors in the learner's linguistic knowledge that may impact reading. Second, we discuss what our results suggest for future research in HCI.	Improving literacy in developing countries using speech recognition-supported games on mobile devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Neesha Kodagoda:B.L. William Wong:Chris Rooney:Nawaz Khan	This paper aims to address the problems low literacy (LL) users face when searching for information online. The first part of this paper summarizes the problems that LL user's face, and establishes a set of design principles for interfaces suitable for LL users. This is followed by a description of how these design principles are mapped to a novel interface for interactive data retrieval. The interface was realized into a working system and evaluated against a traditional web interface for both high literacy (HL) and LL users. The suitability of the designs was analyzed using performance data, subjective feedback and an observational analysis. The findings from the study suggest that LL users perform better and prefer the proposed designs over a traditional web interface.	Interactive visualization for low literacy users: from lessons learnt to design	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Steven Dow	NA	Session details: Participatory design with older people	NA	2018
John Vines:Mark Blythe:Stephen Lindsay:Paul Dunphy:Andrew Monk:Patrick Olivier	This paper reports findings from a series of participatory design workshops with ten people over eighty years old. The focus of the workshops was new banking technologies for the older old. Participants were asked to discuss their current experiences of banking and given packs of concept cards which contained design sketches and brief outlines of concepts for new financial services. The designs on the cards were deliberately provocative and aimed to encourage criticism and debate. Participants wrote and drew on the cards and the workshops were recorded and transcribed. The participants were extremely critical of current banking practices and most of the new concepts we presented to them. Their questions and comments led to a number of insights and further iterations. The paper argues that critique is an essential resource for design, both in terms of identifying problems and iterating ideas.	Questionable concepts: critique as resource for designing with eighty somethings	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephen Uzor:Lynne Baillie:Dawn Skelton	Studies have shown that functional strength and balance exercises can reduce the risk of falling in older people if they are done on a regular basis. However, the repetitive nature of these exercises; as well as the use of instructional booklets and videos for rehabilitation may discourage seniors to exercise in the home, thereby rendering such an intervention ineffective. Our work proposed that the use of multimodal games -- co-designed with seniors -- could be a way of making falls rehabilitation more enjoyable; thereby improving adherence to home exercise programmes. In this paper, we first explain the process by which we identified barriers to the users' effective interaction with current home rehabilitation tools. We then go on to describe how we actively involved seniors in the initial design, and improvement of useful, enjoyable games for falls rehabilitation. Our findings suggest that seniors are an integral part of the design process and should be directly involved from the concept stages of the design of tools for their rehabilitation.	Senior designers: empowering seniors to design enjoyable falls rehabilitation tools	NA:NA:NA	2018
John Vines:Mark Blythe:Paul Dunphy:Vasillis Vlachokyriakos:Isaac Teece:Andrew Monk:Patrick Olivier	This paper describes a project exploring the design of digital payment services in collaboration with 16 people aged over 80. Many older people find cheques valuable as a means of payment but the UK Payments Council recently proposed their abolition. We describe two designs that simultaneously aimed to preserve and augment the paper cheque as a means of making electronic payments. These were devised during participatory design workshops through critical dialogues with our eighty something participants. Workshop discussions resulted in the creation of a real world cheque system where we issued pre-paid cheques without the involvement of banks. This work informed the development of a digital cheque book based on Anoto digital pen technology. The work illustrates the value of participatory design with 'extraordinary' users, such as the eighty somethings, in HCI.	Cheque mates: participatory design of digital payments with eighty somethings	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephen Lindsay:Daniel Jackson:Guy Schofield:Patrick Olivier	The use of digital technologies is increasingly proposed in health and social care to address the aging population phenomenon but, in practice, the designers of these technologies are ill equipped to design for older people. We suggest participatory design as an approach to improving the quality of design for older people but, based on previous work and our own experiences, identify four central issues that participatory design approaches need to address. We describe an approach to early engagement in design with older people that address each of these issues and some of our experiences applying the approach in a variety of different design projects. We conclude by discussing some of the issues that have been highlighted when attempting apply this approach in different design contexts and the issues that have been raised when working with partners who are less committed to the idea of engaging with older adults in participatory design.	Engaging older people using participatory design	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shaowen Bardzell	NA	Session details: Personas & design	NA	2018
Erin Friess	Personas have become a well-lauded method to aid designers in keeping the needs of the intended user population at the forefront of the design process. However, few studies have ethnographically observed design teams that use personas, and fewer studies have looked specifically at how designers linguistically invoke personas in their decision-making sessions. This discourse analysis of the decision-making sessions of designers at a top tier design firm reveals that although the designers dedicate much time researching, developing, and refining personas, personas themselves make relatively few appearances in the designers' language during decision-making sessions. This study shows that, for persuasive ends, these designers, who are advocates of personas, routinely use other less precise and more designer-centric linguistic mechanisms in lieu of personas. Despite the scarcity of personas in the decision-making sessions, this ethnographic case study also explores the value of personas for this team even when the personas are not explicitly linguistically invoked.	Personas and decision making in the design process: an ethnographic case study	NA	2018
Tara Matthews:Tejinder Judge:Steve Whittaker	Personas are a critical method for orienting design and development teams to user experience. Prior work has noted challenges in justifying them to developers. In contrast, it has been assumed that designers and user experience professionals - whose goal is to focus designs on targeted users - will readily exploit personas. This paper examines that assumption. We present the first study of how experienced user-centered design (UCD) practitioners with prior experience deploying personas, use and perceive personas in industrial software design. We identify limits to the persona approach in the context studied. Practitioners used personas almost exclusively for communication, but not for design. Participants identified four problems with personas, finding them abstract, impersonal, misleading and distracting. Our findings argue for a new approach to persona deployment and construction. Personas cannot replace immersion in actual user data. And rather than focusing on creating engaging personas, it is critical to avoid persona attributes that mislead or distract.	How do designers and user experience professionals actually perceive and use personas?	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yang Li	NA	Session details: Kick it! interfaces for feet & walking	NA	2018
Jason Alexander:Teng Han:William Judd:Pourang Irani:Sriram Subramanian	Foot-based gestures have recently received attention as an alternative interaction mechanism in situations where the hands are pre-occupied or unavailable. This paper investigates suitable real-world mappings of foot gestures to invoke commands and interact with virtual workspaces. Our first study identified user preferences for mapping common mobile-device commands to gestures. We distinguish these gestures in terms of discrete and continuous command input. While discrete foot-based input has relatively few parameters to control, continuous input requires careful design considerations on how the user's input can be mapped to a control parameter (e.g. the volume knob of the media player). We investigate this issue further through three user-studies. Our results show that rate-based techniques are significantly faster, more accurate and result if far fewer target crossings compared to displacement-based interaction. We discuss these findings and identify design recommendations.	Putting your best foot forward: investigating real-world mappings for foot-based gestures	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gilles Bailly:Jörg Müller:Michael Rohs:Daniel Wigdor:Sven Kratz	When the user is engaged with a real-world task it can be inappropriate or difficult to use a smartphone. To address this concern, we developed ShoeSense, a wearable system consisting in part of a shoe-mounted depth sensor pointing upward at the wearer. ShoeSense recognizes relaxed and discreet as well as large and demonstrative hand gestures. In particular, we designed three gesture sets (Triangle, Radial, and Finger-Count) for this setup, which can be performed without visual attention. The advantages of ShoeSense are illustrated in five scenarios: (1) quickly performing frequent operations without reaching for the phone, (2) discreetly performing operations without disturbing others, (3) enhancing operations on mobile devices, (4) supporting accessibility, and (5) artistic performances. We present a proof-of-concept, wearable implementation based on a depth camera and report on a lab study comparing social acceptability, physical and mental demand, and user preference. A second study demonstrates a 94-99% recognition rate of our recognizers.	ShoeSense: a new perspective on gestural interaction and wearable applications	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephan Richter:Christian Holz:Patrick Baudisch	In order to enable personalized functionality, such as to log tabletop activity by user, tabletop systems need to recognize users. DiamondTouch does so reliably, but requires users to stay in assigned seats and cannot recognize users across sessions. We propose a different approach based on distinguishing users' shoes. While users are interacting with the table, our system Bootstrapper observes their shoes using one or more depth cameras mounted to the edge of the table. It then identifies users by matching camera images with a database of known shoe images. When multiple users interact, Bootstrapper associates touches with shoes based on hand orientation. The approach can be implemented using consumer depth cameras because (1) shoes offer large distinct features such as color, (2) shoes naturally align themselves with the ground, giving the system a well-defined perspective and thus reduced ambiguity. We report two simple studies in which Bootstrapper recognized participants from a database of 18 users with 95.8% accuracy.	Bootstrapper: recognizing tabletop users by their shoes	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rebecca Fiebrink	NA	Session details: Music across CHI	NA	2018
Emilien Ghomi:Guillaume Faure:Stéphane Huot:Olivier Chapuis:Michel Beaudouin-Lafon	While interaction techniques that use the temporal dimension have been used for a long time, such as multiple clicks or spring-loaded widgets, more advanced uses of rhythmic patterns have received little attention in HCI. Using such temporal structures to convey information can be particularly useful in situations where the visual channel is overloaded or even not available. In this paper we introduce Rhythmic Interaction as the use of rhythms for input. We report the results of two experiments that show that (i) rhythmic patterns can be efficiently reproduced by novice users and recognized by computer algorithms, and (ii) rhythmic patterns can be memorized as efficiently as traditional shortcuts when associating them with visual commands. Overall, these results demonstrate the potential of Rhythmic Interaction and open the way to a richer repertoire of interaction techniques.	Using rhythmic patterns as an input method	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David McGookin:Stephen Brewster	We present PULSE, a mobile application designed to allow users to gain a 'vibe', an intrinsic understanding of the people, places and activities around their current location, derived from messages on the Twitter social networking site. We compared two auditory presentations of the vibe. One presented message metadata implicitly through modification of spoken message attributes. The other presented the same metadata, but through additional auditory cues. We compared both techniques in a lab and real world study. Additional auditory cues were found to allow for smaller changes in metadata to be more accurately detected, but were least preferred when PULSE was used in context. Results also showed that PULSE enhanced and shaped user understanding, with audio presentation allowing a closer coupling of digital data to the physical world.	PULSE: the design and evaluation of an auditory display to provide a social vibe	NA:NA	2018
Dominikus Baur:Jennifer Büttgen:Andreas Butz	There are about as many strategies for listening to music as there are music enthusiasts. This makes learning about overarching patterns and similarities difficult. In this paper, we present an empirical analysis of long-term music listening histories from the last.fm web service. It gives insight into the most distinguishing factors in music listening behavior. Our sample contains 310 histories with up to six years duration and 48 associated variables describing various user and music characteristics. Using a principal components analysis, we aggregated these variables into 13 components and found several correlations between them. The analysis especially showed the impact of seasons and a listener's interest in novelty on music choice. Using this information, a sample of a user's listening history or even just demographical data could be used to create personalized interfaces and novel recommendation strategies. We close with derived design considerations for future music interfaces.	Listening factors: a large-scale principal components analysis of long-term music listening histories	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chris Harrison	NA	Session details: Space: the interaction frontier	NA	2018
Martin Spindler:Marcel Martsch:Raimund Dachselt	Lightweight spatially aware displays (Tangible Magic Lenses) are an effective approach for exploring complex information spaces within a tabletop environment. One way of using the 3D space above a horizontal surface is to divide it into discrete parallel layers stacked upon each other. Horizontal and vertical lens movements are essential tasks for the style of multi-layer interaction associated with it. We conducted a comprehensive user study with 18 participants investigating fundamental issues such as optimal number of layers and their thickness, movement and holding accuracies, and physical boundaries of the interaction volume. Findings include a rather limited overall interaction height (44 cm), a different minimal layer thickness for vertical and horizontal search tasks (1 cm/4 cm), a reasonable maximum number of layers depending on the primary task, and a convenience zone in the middle for horizontal search. Derived from that, design guidelines are also presented.	Going beyond the surface: studying multi-layer interaction above the tabletop	NA:NA:NA	2018
Huawei Tu:Xiangshi Ren:Shumin Zhai	This paper reports an empirical investigation in which participants produced a set of stroke gestures with varying degrees of complexity and in different target sizes using both the finger and the pen. The recorded gestures were then analyzed according to multiple measures characterizing many aspects of stroke gestures. Our findings were as follows: (1) Finger drawn gestures were quite different to pen drawn gestures in basic measures including size ratio and average speed. Finger drawn gestures tended to be larger and faster than pen drawn gestures. They also differed in shape geometry as measured by, for example, aperture of closed gestures, corner shape distance and intersecting points deviation; (2) Pen drawn gestures and finger drawn gestures were similar in several measures including articulation time, indicative angle difference, axial symmetry and proportional shape distance; (3) There were interaction effects between gesture implement (finger vs. pen) and target gesture size and gesture complexity. Our findings show that half of the features we tested were performed well enough by the finger. This finding suggests that "finger friendly" systems should exploit these features when designing finger interfaces and avoid using the other features in which the finger does not perform as well as the pen.	A comparative evaluation of finger and pen stroke gestures	NA:NA:NA	2018
Peng Song:Wooi Boon Goh:William Hutama:Chi-Wing Fu:Xiaopei Liu	Commercial 3D scene acquisition systems such as the Microsoft Kinect sensor can reduce the cost barrier of realizing mid-air interaction. However, since it can only sense hand position but not hand orientation robustly, current mid-air interaction methods for 3D virtual object manipulation often require contextual and mode switching to perform translation, rotation, and scaling, thus preventing natural continuous gestural interactions. A novel handle bar metaphor is proposed as an effective visual control metaphor between the user's hand gestures and the corresponding virtual object manipulation operations. It mimics a familiar situation of handling objects that are skewered with a bimanual handle bar. The use of relative 3D motion of the two hands to design the mid-air interaction allows us to provide precise controllability despite the Kinect sensor's low image resolution. A comprehensive repertoire of 3D manipulation operations is proposed to manipulate single objects, perform fast constrained rotation, and pack/align multiple objects along a line. Three user studies were devised to demonstrate the efficacy and intuitiveness of the proposed interaction techniques on different virtual manipulation scenarios.	A handle bar metaphor for virtual object manipulation with mid-air interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leonhard Lichtschlag:Thomas Hess:Thorsten Karrer:Jan Borchers	Most presentation software uses the slide deck metaphor to create visual presentation support. Recently, canvas presentation tools such as Fly or Prezi have begun to use a zoomable free-form canvas to arrange information instead. While their effect on authoring presentations has been evaluated previously, we studied how they impact the audience. In a quantitative study, we compared audience retention and macrostructure understanding of slide deck vs. canvas presentations. We found both approaches to be equally capable of communicating information to the audience. Canvas presentations, however, were rated by participants to better aid them in staying oriented during a talk. This makes canvas presentation tools a promising slideware alternative.	Fly: studying recall, macrostructure understanding, and user experience of canvas presentations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jennifer Thom-Santelli	NA	Session details: The tools of the trade	NA	2018
Alistair Morrison:Donald McMillan:Stuart Reeves:Scott Sherwood:Matthew Chalmers	User trials of mobile applications have followed a steady march out of the lab, and progressively further ''into the wild', recently involving ''app store'-style releases of software to the general public. Yet from our experiences on these mass participation systems and a survey of the literature, we identify a number of reported difficulties. We propose a hybrid methodology that aims to address these, by combining a global software release with a concurrent local trial. A phone-based game, created to explore the uptake and use of ad hoc peer-to-peer networking, was evaluated using this new hybrid trial method, combining a small-scale local trial (11 users) with a ''mass participation' trial (over 10,000 users). Our hybrid method offers many benefits, allowing locally observed findings to be verified, patterns in globally collected data to be explained and addresses ethical issues raised by the mass participation approach. We note trends in the local trial that did not appear in the larger scale deployment, and which would therefore have led to misleading results were the application trialed using ''traditional' methods alone. Based on this study and previous experience, we provide a set of guidelines to researchers working in this area.	A hybrid mass participation approach to mobile software trials	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nicola Dell:Vidya Vaidyanathan:Indrani Medhi:Edward Cutrell:William Thies	Although HCI researchers and practitioners frequently work with groups of people that differ significantly from themselves, little attention has been paid to the effects these differences have on the evaluation of HCI systems. Via 450 interviews in Bangalore, India, we measure participant response bias due to interviewer demand characteristics and the role of social and demographic factors in influencing that bias. We find that respondents are about 2.5x more likely to prefer a technological artifact they believe to be developed by the interviewer, even when the alternative is identical. When the interviewer is a foreign researcher requiring a translator, the bias towards the interviewer's artifact increases to 5x. In fact, the interviewer's artifact is preferred even when it is degraded to be obviously inferior to the alternative. We conclude that participant response bias should receive more attention within the CHI community, especially when designing for underprivileged populations.	"Yours is better!": participant response bias in HCI	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nadir Weibel:Adam Fouse:Colleen Emmenegger:Whitney Friedman:Edwin Hutchins:James Hollan	Researchers from many disciplines are taking advantage of increasingly inexpensive digital video to capture extensive records of human activity in real-world settings. The ability to record and share such data has created a critical moment in the practice and scope of behavioral research. While recent work is beginning to develop techniques for visualizing and interacting with integrated multimodal information collected during field research, navigating and analyzing these large datasets remains challenging and tools are especially needed to support the early stages of data exploration. In this paper we describe digital pen and paper practices in observational research and their integration with ChronoViz, a tool for annotating, visualizing, and analyzing multimodal data. The goal is to better support researchers both in the field, while collecting data, and later in the lab, during analysis. We document the co-evolution of notetaking practices and system features as 28 participants used the tool during an 18-month deployment.	Digital pen and paper practices in observational research	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeff Huang:Ryen White:Georg Buscher	Past studies of user behavior in Web search have correlated eye-gaze and mouse cursor positions, and other lines of research have found cursor interactions to be useful in determining user intent and relevant parts of Web pages. However, cursor interactions are not all the same; different types of cursor behavior patterns exist, such as reading, hesitating, scrolling and clicking, each of which has a different meaning. We conduct a search study with 36 subjects and 32 search tasks to determine when gaze and cursor are aligned, and thus when the cursor position is a good proxy for gaze position. We study the effect of time, behavior patterns, user, and search task on the gaze-cursor alignment, findings which lead us to question the maxim that "gaze is well approximated by cursor." These lessons inform an experiment in which we predict the gaze position with better accuracy than simply using the cursor position, improving the state-of-the-art technique for approximating visual attention with the cursor. Our new technique can help make better use of large-scale cursor data in identifying how users examine Web search pages.	User see, user point: gaze and cursor alignment in web search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ann Light	NA	Session details: Publics & civic virtues	NA	2018
Christopher Le Dantec	CHI researchers are beginning a shift from studying technology use in uncommon or exotic communities to designing and deploying technology interventions into those same settings. This paper picks up on these recent developments and further examines the impact and implication of using a bespoke technology platform within the context of providing shelter and basic social services to homeless mothers and their children. I build on findings from a previous system deployment by describing targeted changes made to the technology, the design impetus for making those changes, and the resulting impact those changes had on the relationship between shelter staff, residents, and the information they shared via the system. By way of the findings reported here, I continue to develop the framing of Deweyan publics as a way to scaffold an environmental approach to technology design in contexts with multiple and diverse stakeholders.	Participation and publics: supporting community engagement	NA	2018
Nick Taylor:Justin Marshall:Alicia Blum-Ross:John Mills:Jon Rogers:Paul Egglestone:David M. Frohlich:Peter Wright:Patrick Olivier	Viewpoint is a public voting device developed to allow residents in a disadvantaged community to make their voices heard through a simple, lightweight interaction. This was intended to open a new channel of communication within the community and increase community members' perception of their own efficacy. Local elected officials and community groups were able to post questions on devices located in public spaces, where residents could vote for one of two responses. Question authors were subsequently required to post a response indicating any actions to be taken. Following a two-month trial, we present our experiences and contribute guidelines for the design of public democracy tools and dimensions impacting their effectiveness, including credibility, efficacy and format.	Viewpoint: empowering communities with situated voting devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sheena Lewis:Dan A. Lewis	This paper investigates how citizens use technology to support community policing efforts. To explore the types of conversations that are shared on the community web forum, we conducted a qualitative study. We analyzed 865 forum posts from a community crime web forum from April 2004 to June 2011. We found that residents use the forum to: 1) build relationships by strengthening social ties, 2) discuss ways to take collective action, 3) share information and advice, and 4) regulate the social norms of the neighborhood and the web forum. Results suggest that technologies intended for crime prevention should be designed to support communication and problem-solving discussions amongst residents, as opposed to simply providing information to citizens.	Examining technology that supports community policing	NA:NA	2018
Anthony Hornof	NA	Session details: Promoting educational opportunity	NA	2018
Amy Ogan:Erin Walker:Ryan S.J.D. Baker:Genaro Rebolledo Mendez:Maynor Jimenez Castro:Tania Laurentino:Adriana de Carvalho	Technology has the promise to transform educational prac-tices worldwide. In particular, cognitive tutoring systems are an example of educational technology that has been ex-tremely effective at improving mathematics learning over traditional classroom instruction. However, studies on the effectiveness of tutor software have been conducted mainly in the United States, Canada, and Western Europe, and little is known about how these systems might be used in other contexts with differing classroom practices and values. To understand this question, we studied the usage of mathematics tutoring software for middle school at sites in three Latin American countries: Brazil, Mexico, and Costa Rica. While cognitive tutors were designed for individual use, we found that students in these classrooms worked collaboratively, engaging in interdependently paced work and conducting work away from their own computer. In this paper we present design recommendations for how cognitive tutors might be incorporated into different classroom practices, and better adapted for student needs in these environments.	Collaboration in cognitive tutor use in latin America: field study and design recommendations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Dearman:Khai Truong	An essential aspect of learning a second language is the acquisition of vocabulary. However, acquiring vocabulary is often a protracted process that requires repeated and spaced exposure; which can be difficult to accommodate given the busyness of daily living. In this paper, we explore if a learner can implicitly acquire second language vocabulary through her explicit interactions with her mobile phone (e.g., navigating multiple home screens) using an interface we developed called Vocabulary Wallpaper. In addition, we examine if the type of vocabulary this technique exposes to the learner, whether it is contextually relevant or contextually-independent will influence the learner's rate of vocabulary acquisition. The results of our study show participants were able to use Vocabulary Wallpaper to increase the number of second language vocabulary that they can recognize and recall and their rate of vocabulary acquisition was significantly greater when presented with a contextually relevant vocabulary than a contextually-independent vocabulary.	Evaluating the implicit acquisition of second language vocabulary using a live wallpaper	NA:NA	2018
Ian Li	NA	Session details: Interfaces for health & well being	NA	2018
Jared S. Bauer:Sunny Consolvo:Benjamin Greenstein:Jonathan Schooler:Eric Wu:Nathaniel F. Watson:Julie Kientz	Sleep is a basic physiological process essential for good health. However, 40 million people in the U.S. are diagnosed with sleep disorders, with many more undiagnosed. To help address this problem, we developed an application, ShutEye, which provides a peripheral display on the wall-paper of the user's mobile phone to promote awareness about recommended activities that promote good sleep quality. Based on preferences about the user's desired bed-time and activities' for example - consuming caffeine or performing vigorous exercise - ShutEye displays guidance about when engaging in those activities is likely to affect sleep without requiring any explicit interaction from the user. In this paper, we describe ShutEye and results from a four-week field study with 12 participants. Results indicate that a simple, recommendation-based peripheral display can be a very low-effort but still effective method for improving awareness of healthy sleep habits. We also provide recommendations about designing peripheral displays and extend insights for designing health-based mobile applications.	ShutEye: encouraging awareness of healthy sleep recommendations with a mobile, peripheral display	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Laura Pfeifer Vardoulakis:Amy Karlson:Dan Morris:Greg Smith:Justin Gatewood:Desney Tan	The awareness that hospital patients have of the people and events surrounding their care has a dramatic impact on satisfaction and clinical outcomes. However, patients are often under-informed about even basic aspects of their care. In this work, we hypothesize that mobile devices - which are increasingly available to patients - can be used as real-time information conduits to improve patient awareness and consequently improve patient care. To better understand the unique affordances that mobile devices offer in the hospital setting, we provided twenty-five patients with mobile phones that presented a dynamic, interactive report on their progress, care plan, and care team throughout their emergency department stay. Through interviews with these patients, their visitors, and hospital staff, we explore the benefits and challenges of using the mobile phone as an information display, finding overall that this is a promising approach to improving patient awareness. Furthermore, we demonstrate that only a small number of technology challenges remain before such a system could be deployed without researcher intervention.	Using mobile phones to present medical information to hospital patients	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gavin Doherty:David Coyle:John Sharry	Online mental health interventions can benefit people experiencing a range of psychological difficulties, but attrition is a major problem in real-world deployments. We discuss strategies to reduce attrition, and present SilverCloud, a platform designed to provide more engaging online experiences. The paper presents the results of a practice-based clinical study in which 45 clients and 6 therapists used an online Cognitive Behavioural Therapy programme for depression. Pre and post-treatment assessments, using the Beck Depression Inventory, indicate a statistically significant improvement in depressive symptoms, with a large effect size, for the moderate-to-severe clinical sub-sample receiving standalone online treatment (n=18). This group was the primary target for the intervention. A high level of engagement was also observed compared to a prior online intervention used within the same service. We discuss strategies for design in this area and consider how the quantitative and qualitative results contribute towards our understanding of engagement.	Engagement with online mental health interventions: an exploratory clinical study of a treatment for depression	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tammy Toscos:Kay Connelly:Yvonne Rogers	In this paper we describe findings from two studies aimed at understanding how health monitoring technology affects the parent-child relationship, examining emotional response and barriers to using this type of technology. We present suggestions for the design of health monitoring technology intended to enhance self-care in children without creating parent-child conflict. Our recommendations integrate the study findings, developmental stage specific concerns, and prior HCI research aimed at children's health.	Best intentions: health monitoring technology and children	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Dunlop	NA	Session details: Needle in the haystack	NA	2018
Minyoung Song:Chris Quintana	Teaching and learning the vast range of the sizes of the objects that are too small to see with human eyes (called imperceptible objects) has been a challenging issue in education. Because representation is the only medium that learners can use to make sense of imperceptible phenomena, learners encounter challenges when trying to understand the range of imperceptible sizes. However, the conventional visual representations that are incorporated in many learning technologies tend to direct learners to overestimate the sizes of imperceptible objects. To address this issue, we designed a multimodal representation called ""temporal-aural-visual representation" (or TAVR) to provide students with an alternative way of perceiving and conceptualizing imperceptible sizes. In prior studies it was noticed that learners constructed more refined mental models of the vast range of imperceptible sizes through the TAVR-enhanced learning activity. In this paper, we introduce a recent study that explored how to best augment the temporal experience of the range of imperceptible sizes with supporting modalities.	Representing "too small to see" as "too small to see" with temporal representation	NA:NA	2018
Thomas Davies:Ashweeni Beeharee	Insights into human visual attention have benefited many areas of computing, but perhaps most significantly visualisation and UI design [3]. With the proliferation of mobile devices capable of supporting significantly complex applications on small screens, demands on mobile UI design and the user's visual system are becoming greater. In this paper, we report results from an empirical study of human visual attention, specifically the Change Blindness phenomenon, on handheld mobile devices and its impact on mobile UI design. It is arguable that due to the small size of the screen - unlike a typical computer monitor - a greater visual coverage of the mobile device is possible, and that these phenomena may occur less frequently during the use of the device, or even that they may not occur at all. Our study shows otherwise. We tested for Change Blindness (CB) and Inattentional Blindness (IB) in a single-modal, mobile context and attempted to establish factors in the application interface design that induce and/or reduce their occurrences. The results show that both CB and IB can and do occur while using mobile devices. The results also suggest that the number of separate attendable items on-screen is directly proportional to rates of CB. Newly inserted objects were correctly identified more often than changes applied to existing on-screen objects. These results suggest that it is important for mobile UI designers to take these aspects of visual attention into account when designing mobile applications that attempt to deliver information through visual changes or notifications.	The case of the missed icon: change blindness on mobile devices	NA:NA	2018
Alice Thudt:Uta Hinrichs:Sheelagh Carpendale	Serendipity, a trigger of exciting yet unexpected discoveries, is an important but comparatively neglected factor in information seeking, research, and ideation. We suggest that serendipity can be facilitated through visualization. To explore this, we introduce the Bohemian Bookshelf, which aims to support serendipitous discoveries in the context of digital book collections. The Bohemian Bookshelf consists of five interlinked visualizations each offering a unique overview of the collection. It aims at encouraging serendipity by (1) offering multiple visual access points to the collection, (2) highlighting adjacencies between books, (3) providing flexible visual pathways for exploring the collection, (4) enticing curiosity through abstract, metaphorical, and visually distinct representations of books, and (5) enabling a playful approach to information exploration. A deployment at a library revealed that visitors embraced this approach of utilizing visualization to support open-ended explorations and serendipitous discoveries. This encourages future explorations into promoting serendipity through information visualization.	The bohemian bookshelf: supporting serendipitous book discoveries through information visualization	NA:NA:NA	2018
David Piorkowski:Scott Fleming:Christopher Scaffidi:Christopher Bogart:Margaret Burnett:Bonnie John:Rachel Bellamy:Calvin Swart	Information Foraging Theory (IFT) has established itself as an important theory to explain how people seek information, but most work has focused more on the theory itself than on how best to apply it. In this paper, we investigate how to apply a reactive variant of IFT (Reactive IFT) to design IFT-based tools, with a special focus on such tools for ill-structured problems. Toward this end, we designed and implemented a variety of recommender algorithms to empirically investigate how to help people with the ill-structured problem of finding where to look for information while debugging source code. We varied the algorithms based on scent type supported (words alone vs. words + code structure), and based on use of foraging momentum to estimate rapidity of foragers' goal changes. Our empirical results showed that (1) using both words and code structure significantly improved the ability of the algorithms to recommend where software developers should look for information; (2) participants used recommendations to discover new places in the code and also as shortcuts to navigate to known places; and (3) low-momentum recommendations were significantly more useful than high-momentum recommendations, suggesting rapid and numerous goal changes in this type of setting. Overall, our contributions include two new recommendation algorithms, empirical evidence about when and why participants found IFT-based recommendations useful, and implications for the design of tools based on Reactive IFT.	Reactive information foraging: an empirical investigation of theory-based recommender systems for programmers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sharoda Paul	NA	Session details: Understanding online communication	NA	2018
Sara Sood:Judd Antin:Elizabeth Churchill	As user-generated Web content increases, the amount of inappropriate and/or objectionable content also grows. Several scholarly communities are addressing how to detect and manage such content: research in computer vision focuses on detection of inappropriate images, natural language processing technology has advanced to recognize insults. However, profanity detection systems remain flawed. Current list-based profanity detection systems have two limitations. First, they are easy to circumvent and easily become stale - that is, they cannot adapt to misspellings, abbreviations, and the fast pace of profane slang evolution. Secondly, they offer a one-size fits all solution; they typically do not accommodate domain, community and context specific needs. However, social settings have their own normative behaviors - what is deemed acceptable in one community may not be in another. In this paper, through analysis of comments from a social news site, we provide evidence that current systems are performing poorly and evaluate the cases on which they fail. We then address community differences regarding creation/tolerance of profanity and suggest a shift to more contextually nuanced profanity detection systems.	Profanity use in online communities	NA:NA:NA	2018
Roshanak Zilouchian Moghaddam:Brian Bailey:Wai-Tat Fu	We report results of a study which examines consensus building in user interface design discussions in open source software communities. Our methodology consisted of conducting interviews with designers and developers from the Drupal and Ubuntu communities (N=17) and analyzing a large corpus of interaction data collected from Drupal. The interviews captured user perspectives on the challenges of reaching consensus, techniques employed for building consensus, and the consequences of not reaching consensus. We analyzed the interaction data to determine how different elements of the content, process, and user relationships in the design discussions affect consensus. Our main result shows that design discussions engaging participants with more experience and prior interaction history are more likely to reach consensus. Based on all of our results, we formulated design implications for promoting consensus in distributed discussions of user interface design issues.	Consensus building in open source user interface design discussions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sue Jamison-Powell:Conor Linehan:Laura Daley:Andrew Garbett:Shaun Lawson	Emerging research has shown that social media services are being used as tools to disclose a range of personal health information. To explore the role of social media in the discussion of mental health issues, and with particular reference to insomnia and sleep disorders, a corpus of 18,901 messages - or Tweets - posted to the microblogging social media service Twitter were analysed using a mixed methods approach. We present a content analysis which revealed that Tweets that contained the word "insomnia" contained significantly more negative health information than a random sample, strongly suggesting that individuals were making disclosures about their sleep disorder. A subsequent thematic analysis then revealed two themes: coping with insomnia, and describing the experience of insomnia. We discuss these themes as well as the implications of our research for those in the interaction design community interested in integrating online social media systems in health interventions.	"I can't get no sleep": discussing #insomnia on twitter	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bernd Ploderer:Wally Smith:Steve Howard:Jon Pearce:Ron Borland	Social interaction can be a powerful strategy for persuasive technology interventions, yet many users are reluctant to engage with others online because they fear pressure, failure and shame. We introduce the 'ambivalent socialiser', a person who is simultaneously keen but also reluctant to engage with others via social media. Our contribution is to identify four approaches to introducing sociality to ambivalent socialisers: structured socialising, incidental socialising, eavesdropping and trace sensing. We discuss the rationale for these approaches and show how they address recent critiques of persuasive technology. Furthermore, we provide actionable insights for designers of persuasive technology by showing how these approaches can be implemented in a social media application.	Introducing the ambivalent socialiser	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi-Chia Wang:Robert Kraut	Although economists have long recognized the importance of a critical mass in growing a community, we know little about how it is achieved. This paper examines how initial topical focus influences communities' ability to attract a critical mass. When starting an online community, organizers need to define its initial scope. Topically narrow communities will probably attract a homogeneous group of interested in its content and compatible with each other. However, they are likely to attract fewer members than a diverse one because they offer only a subset of the topics. This paper reports an empirical analysis of longitudinal data collected from Twitter, where each new Twitter poster is considered the seed of a potential social collection. Users who focus the topics of their early tweets more narrowly ultimately attract more followers with more ties among them. Our results shed light on the development of online social networking structures.	Twitter and the development of an audience: those who stay on topic thrive!	NA:NA	2018
Olav W. Bertelsen	NA	Session details: Performative emergency simulation	NA	2018
Peter Tolmie:Steve Benford:Martin Flintham:Patrick Brundell:Matt Adams:Nicholas Tandavantij:Ju Row Far:Gabriella Giannachi	This paper uses a detailed ethnographic study of an ambulatory experience, where participants were invited to explore the perspective of two notorious terrorists, in order to discuss the nature of instruction-giving and, most particularly, the methodical ways in which such instructions are complied with. Four distinct layers of compliance are identified, as are three different kinds of accountability, all of which stand potentially at odds with one another. The paper examines the tensions created by this, tensions that are further aggravated by instructions usually being delivered down a thin channel, with considerable surrounding contextual complexity and little opportunity for repair, and uncovers some core challenges for future design in relation to providing instructions for, and orchestrating a range of possible activities.	"Act natural": instructions, compliance and accountability in ambulatory experiences	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Benedikt Ley:Volkmar Pipek:Christian Reuter:Torben Wiedenhoefer	Improvisation is necessary when planned decision-making as the main managerial activity does not fit the conditions the practice provides. In these cases, information technology should not just automate planned and structured decisions, but support improvisational practice. In this contribution we present an empirical study about the improvisation work in scenarios of medium to large power outages in Germany. Our focus is on inter-organizational cooperation practices, thus we examined the cooperation of fire departments, police, public administration, electricity infrastructure operators and citizens. Our empirical material allows to describe reasons and conditions for improvisation. Our resulting recommendations address the support of aggregation and visualization of information, a necessary individualization of information compositions, options for collaborative situation assessment, requirements for informal and formal communication, and accessibility of information resources.	Supporting improvisation work in inter-organizational crisis management	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mira Dontcheva	NA	Session details: Crowdsourcing & peer production I	NA	2018
Kurtis Heimerl:Brian Gawalt:Kuang Chen:Tapan Parikh:Björn Hartmann	Online labor markets, such as Amazon's Mechanical Turk, have been used to crowdsource simple, short tasks like image labeling and transcription. However, expert knowledge is often lacking in such markets, making it impossible to complete certain classes of tasks. In this work we introduce an alternative mechanism for crowdsourcing tasks that require specialized knowledge or skill: communitysourcing --- the use of physical kiosks to elicit work from specific populations. We investigate the potential of communitysourcing by designing, implementing and evaluating Umati: the communitysourcing vending machine. Umati allows users to earn credits by performing tasks using a touchscreen attached to the machine. Physical rewards (in this case, snacks) are dispensed through traditional vending mechanics. We evaluated whether communitysourcing can accomplish expert work by using Umati to grade Computer Science exams. We placed Umati in a university Computer Science building, targeting students with grading tasks for snacks. Over one week, 328 unique users (302 of whom were students) completed 7771 tasks (7240 by students). 80% of users had never participated in a crowdsourcing market before. We found that Umati was able to grade exams with 2% higher accuracy (at the same price) or at 33% lower cost (at equivalent accuracy) than traditional single-expert grading. Mechanical Turk workers had no success grading the same exams. These results indicate that communitysourcing can successfully elicit high-quality expert work from specific communities.	CommunitySourcing: engaging local crowds to perform expert work via physical kiosks	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Parmit K. Chilana:Andrew J. Ko:Jacob O. Wobbrock	Web-based technical support such as discussion forums and social networking sites have been successful at ensuring that most technical support questions eventually receive helpful answers. Unfortunately, finding these answers is still quite difficult, since users' textual queries are often incomplete, imprecise, or use different vocabularies to describe the same problem. We present LemonAid, a new approach to help that allows users to find help by instead selecting a label, widget, link, image or other user interface (UI) element that they believe is relevant to their problem. LemonAid uses this selection to retrieve previously asked questions and their corresponding answers. The key insight that makes LemonAid work is that users tend to make similar selections in the interface for similar help needs and different selections for different help needs. Our initial evaluation shows that across a corpus of dozens of tasks and thousands of requests, LemonAid retrieved a result for 90% of help requests based on UI selections and, of those, over half had relevant matches in the top 2 results.	LemonAid: selection-based crowdsourced contextual help for web applications	NA:NA:NA	2018
Travis Kriplean:Michael Toomim:Jonathan Morgan:Alan Borning:Andrew Ko	A lack of support for active listening undermines discussion and deliberation on the web. We contribute a design frame identifying potential improvements to web discussion were listening more explicitly encouraged in interfaces. We explore these concepts through a novel interface, Reflect, that creates a space next to every comment where others can summarize the points they hear the commenter making. Deployments on Slashdot, Wikimedia's Strategic Planning Initiative, and a local civic effort suggest that interfaces for listening may have traction for general use on the web.	Is this what you meant?: promoting listening on the web with reflect	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anthony Tang:Sebastian Boring	During a live sports event, many sports fans use social media as a part of their viewing experience, reporting on their thoughts on the event as it unfolds. In this work, we use this information stream to semantically annotate live broadcast sports games, using these annotations to select video highlights from the game. We demonstrate that this approach can be used to select highlights specific for fans of each team, and that these clips reflect the emotions of a fan during a game. Further, we describe how these clips differ from those seen on nightly sportscasts.	#EpicPlay: crowd-sourcing sports video highlights	NA:NA	2018
Siân Lindley	NA	Session details: Pasts + futures	NA	2018
Stuart Reeves	Visions of the future are a common feature of discourse within ubiquitous computing and, more broadly, HCI. 'Envisioning', a characteristic future-oriented technique for design thinking, often features as significant part of our research processes in the field. This paper compares, contrasts and critiques the varied ways in which envisionings have been used within ubiquitous computing and traces their relationships to other, different envisionings, such as those of virtual reality. In unpacking envisioning, it argues primarily that envisioning should be foregrounded as a significant concern and interest within HCI. Foregrounding envisioning's frequent mix of fiction, forecasting and extrapolation, the paper recommends changes in the way we read, interpret and use envisionings through taking into account issues such as context and intended audience.	Envisioning ubiquitous computing	NA	2018
Joshua Tanenbaum:Karen Tanenbaum:Ron Wakkary	In this paper we look at the Steampunk movement and consider is relevance as a design strategy for HCI and interaction design. Based on a study of online practices of Steampunk, we consider how, as a design fiction, Steampunk provides an explicit model for how to physically realize an ideological and imagined world through design practice. We contend that the practices of DIY and appropriation that are evident in Steampunk design provide a useful set of design strategies and implications for HCI.	Steampunk as design fiction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ylva Fernaeus:Martin Jonsson:Jakob Tholander	In the recent developments of human computer interaction, one central challenge has been to find and to explore alternatives to the legacy of the desktop computer paradigm for interaction design. To investigate this issue further we have conducted an analysis on a fascinating piece of machinery often referred to as one of the predecessors of the modern day computer, the Jacquard loom. In analysing the Jacquard loom we look at qualities in design and interaction from some different perspectives: how historical tools, crafts, and practices can inform interaction design, the role of physicality, materiality, and full-body interaction in order to rethink some current conceptions of interaction and design of computational devices.	Revisiting the jacquard loom: threads of history and current patterns in HCI	NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel Fallman	NA	Session details: Mobile computing & interaction	NA	2018
Frank Bentley:Henriette Cramer:William Hamilton:Santosh Basapur	In building location-based services, it is important to present information in ways that fit with how individuals view and navigate the city. We conducted an adaptation of the 1970s Mental Maps study by Stanley Milgram in order to better understand differences in people's views of the city based on their backgrounds and technology use. We correlated data from a demographic questionnaire with the map data from our participants to perform a first-of-its-kind statistical analysis on differences in hand-drawn city maps. We describe our study, findings, and design implications for location-based services.	Drawing the city: differing perceptions of the urban environment	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ryen White:Georg Buscher	When searching for destinations and activities, the interests and knowledge of locals and non-locals may vary. In this paper, we compare and contrast the search-related interests of these two groups, and when they share a common interest (in our case, for restaurants), we analyze the quality of the venues they intend to visit. We find differences in interests depending on local knowledge, and that locals generally select higher-quality venues than non-locals. These findings have implications for search and recommendation systems that can personalize results based on local knowledge and leverage that knowledge to benefit non-locals.	Characterizing local interests and local knowledge	NA:NA	2018
Doug Boari:Mike Fraser:Danae Stanton Fraser:Kirsten Cater	Mobile devices are increasingly providing novel ways for users to engage with the spaces around them. However, there are few systematic studies of enhancing spatial ability with mobile devices, and applications such as turn-by-turn navigation systems have even been associated with a decline in spatial skills. In this paper we present a study based on the 1971 Shepard-Metzler mental rotation test but performed on a mobile-phone handset and a tablet PC. Our study extends the original experiment with the incorporation of touch and tilt interaction techniques, in order to determine if these affect the use and acquisition of spatial skills. Results suggest that the task is performed faster, and with no significant difference in accuracy, when participants rely on mental abilities rather than interaction techniques to perform 3D rotations. We also find significant differences between tablet and phone handset platforms under interactive conditions. We conclude that applications on mobile devices could be designed to enhance rather than erode spatial skills, by supporting the use of imagination to align real and virtual content.	Augmenting spatial skills with mobile devices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Barry Brown:Eric Laurier	In-car GPS based satellite navigation systems are now a common part of driving, providing turn-by-turn navigation instructions on smartphones, portable units or in-car dashboard navigation systems. This paper uses interactional analysis of video data from fifteen naturalistically recorded journeys with GPS to understand the navigational practices deployed by drivers and passengers. The paper documents five types of 'trouble' where GPS systems cause issues and confusion for drivers around: destinations, routes, maps & sensors, timing and relevance and legality. The paper argues that to design GPS systems better we need to move beyond the notion of a docile driver who follows GPS command blindly, to a better understanding of how drivers, passengers and GPS systems work together. We develop this in discussing how technology might better support 'instructed action'.	The normal natural troubles of driving with GPS	NA:NA	2018
Orit Shaer	NA	Session details: Future design	NA	2018
Paul Seitlinger:Tobias Ley	Social Tagging is a recent widespread phenomenon on the Web where people assign labels (tags) to Web resources. It has been hypothesized to support collaborative sensemaking. In this paper, we examine some of the cognitive mechanisms assumed to underlie sensemaking, namely social imitation. In line with the semantic imitation model of Fu et al., we assume that implicit processing can be understood as a semantic reconstruction of gist. Our model contrasts this process with a recall of tags from an explicit verbatim memory trace. We tested this model in an experimental study in which after the search task students had to generate tags themselves. We exposed their answers to a multinomial model derived from Fuzzy Trace Theory to obtain independent parameter estimates for the processes of explicit recall, semantic gist reconstruction and familiarity-based recall. A model that assumes all processes are at play explains the data well. Similar to results of our previous study, we find an influence of search intentions on the two processes. Our results have implications for interface and interaction design of social tagging systems, as well as for tag recommendation in these environments.	Implicit imitation in social tagging: familiarity and semantic reconstruction	NA:NA	2018
Micheline Elias:Anastasia Bezerianos	Annotations have been identified as an important aid in analysis record-keeping and recently data discovery. In this paper we discuss the use of annotations on visualization dashboards, with a special focus on business intelligence (BI) analysis. In-depth interviews with experts lead to new annotation needs for multi-chart visualization systems, on which we based the design of a dashboard prototype that supports data and context aware annotations. We focus particularly on novel annotation aspects, such as multi-target annotations, annotation transparency across charts and data dimension levels, as well as annotation properties such as lifetime and validity. Moreover, our prototype is built on a data layer shared among different data-sources and BI applications, allowing cross application annotations. We discuss challenges in supporting context aware annotations in dashboards and other visualizations, such as dealing with changing annotated data, and provide design solutions. Finally we report reactions and recommendations from a different set of expert users.	Annotating BI visualization dashboards: needs & challenges	NA:NA	2018
Jonathan Back:Anna Cox:Duncan Brumby	People are prone to making more errors when multitasking. Thus in safety-critical environments, it is often considered safer to perform tasks sequentially. Here we explore how the cost of accessing information affects the way people choose to interleave. An empirical study based on a medical scenario was conducted. Participants had to program infusion pump devices using information from a prescription form. The physical and mental effort involved in accessing information was manipulated. This was achieved by varying the physical distance between the prescription form and the devices. We demonstrate that by increasing information access cost, individuals are less likely to omit a required task step. This is because they adopt a more memory-intensive strategy, which encourages interleaving at natural boundaries, i.e., after completing the programming of one of the pumps. Interleaving during programming can result in task steps being forgotten.	Choosing to interleave: human error and information access cost	NA:NA:NA	2018
Luciano Gamberini	NA	Session details: Visualization + visual analysis	NA	2018
Caroline Ziemkiewicz:Steven Gomez:David Laidlaw	We present an analysis of two user strategies in interactive data analysis, based on an observational study of four researchers in the immunology domain. Screen captures, video records, interviews, and verbal protocols are used to analyze common procedures in this type of visual data analysis, as well as how these procedures differ among these users. Our findings present a case where skilled users can approach a similar problem with diverging analysis strategies. In the group we observed, strategies fell within two broad categories: within-graph analysis, in which a user generates a few graph layouts and interacts heavily within them, and between-graph analysis, in which a user generates a series of graphs and switches between them in sequence. Differences in strategies lead to distinct interaction patterns, and are likely to be best supported by different interface designs. We characterize these observed strategies and discuss their implications for scientific visualization design and evaluation.	Analysis within and between graphs: observed user strategies in immunobiology visualization	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ronald Metoyer:Bongshin Lee:Nathalie Henry Riche:Mary Czerwinski	Tools exist for people to create visualizations with their data; however, they are often designed for programmers or they restrict less technical people to pre-defined templates. This can make creating novel, custom visualizations difficult for the average person. For example, existing tools typically do not support syntax or interaction techniques that are natural to end users. To explore how to support a more natural production of data visualizations by end users, we conducted an exploratory study to illuminate the structure and content of the language employed by end users when describing data visualizations. We present our findings from the study and discuss their design implications for future visualization languages and toolkits.	Understanding the verbal language and structure of end-user descriptions of data visualizations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Cody Dunne:Nathalie Henry Riche:Bongshin Lee:Ronald Metoyer:George Robertson	Exploring large network datasets, such as scientific collaboration networks, is challenging because they often contain a large number of nodes and edges in several types and with multiple attributes. Analyses of such networks are often long and complex, and may require several sessions by multiple users. Therefore, it is often difficult for users to recall their own exploration history or share it with others. We introduce GraphTrail, an interactive visualization for analyzing networks through exploration of node and edge aggregates that captures users' interactions and integrates this history directly in the exploration workspace. To facilitate large network analysis, GraphTrail integrates aggregation with familiar charts, drag-and-drop interaction on a canvas, and a novel pivoting mechanism for transitioning between aggregates. Through a three-month field study with a team of archeologists and a qualitative lab study with ten users, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our design and the benefits of integrated exploration history, including analysis comprehension, insight discovery, and exploration recall.	GraphTrail: analyzing large multivariate, heterogeneous networks while supporting exploration history	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Danyel Fisher:Igor Popov:Steven Drucker:m.c. schraefel	Queries over large scale (petabyte) data bases often mean waiting overnight for a result to come back. Scale costs time. Such time also means that potential avenues of exploration are ignored because the costs are perceived to be too high to run or even propose them. With sampleAction we have explored whether interaction techniques to present query results running over only incremental samples can be presented as sufficiently trustworthy for analysts both to make closer to real time decisions about their queries and to be more exploratory in their questions of the data. Our work with three teams of analysts suggests that we can indeed accelerate and open up the query process with such incremental visualizations.	Trust me, i'm partially right: incremental visualization lets analysts explore large datasets faster	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shahram Izadi	NA	Session details: Outside the box	NA	2018
Chris Harrison:John Horstman:Gary Hsieh:Scott Hudson	Small point lights (e.g., LEDs) are used as indicators in a wide variety of devices today, from digital watches and toasters, to washing machines and desktop computers. Although exceedingly simple in their output - varying light intensity over time - their design space can be rich. Unfortunately, a survey of contemporary uses revealed that the vocabulary of lighting expression in popular use today is small, fairly unimaginative, and generally ambiguous in meaning. In this paper, we work through a structured design process that points the way towards a much richer set of expressive forms and more effective communication for this very simple medium. In this process, we make use of five different data gathering and evaluation components to leverage the knowledge, opinions and expertise of people outside our team. Our work starts by considering what information is typically conveyed in this medium. We go on to consider potential expressive forms -- how information might be conveyed. We iteratively refine and expand these sets, concluding with ideas gathered from a panel of designers. Our final step was to make use of thousands of human judgments, gathered in a crowd-sourced fashion (265 participants), to measure the suitability of different expressive forms for conveying different information content. This results in a set of recommended light behaviors that mobile devices, such as smartphones, could readily employ.	Unlocking the expressivity of point lights	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dominikus Baur:Sebastian Boring:Steven Feiner	Handheld optical projectors provide a simple way to overcome the limited screen real-estate on mobile devices. We present virtual projection (VP), an interaction metaphor inspired by how we intuitively control the position, size, and orientation of a handheld optical projector's image. VP is based on tracking a handheld device without an optical projector and allows selecting a target display on which to position, scale, and orient an item in a single gesture. By relaxing the optical projection metaphor, we can deviate from modeling perspective projection, for example, to constrain scale or orientation, create multiple copies, or offset the image. VP also supports dynamic filtering based on the projection frustum, creating overview and detail applications, and selecting portions of a larger display for zooming and panning. We show exemplary use cases implemented using our optical feature-tracking framework and present the results of a user study demonstrating the effectiveness of VP in complex interactions with large displays.	Virtual projection: exploring optical projection as a metaphor for multi-device interaction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel Andrews:Chris Baber:Sergey Efremov:Mikhail Komarov	In this paper we describe the design and development of a multi-touch surface and software that challenges current approaches to the production and consumption of comics. Authorship of the comics involves drawing the 'top level' of the story directly onto paper and projecting lower-level narrative elements, such as objects, characters, dialogue, descriptions and/or events onto the paper via a multi-touch interface. In terms of the impact this has upon the experience of reading and writing, the implementation of paper is intended to facilitate the creation of high-level overviews of stories, while the touch surface allows users to generate branches through the addition of artifacts in accordance with certain theories about interactive narratives. This provides the opportunity to participate in the reading and authoring of both traditional, paper-based texts and interactive, digital scenarios. Prototype comics are used to demonstrate this approach to reading and writing top-level and low-level narratives.	Creating and using interactive narratives: reading and writing branching comics	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eiji Hayashi:Martina Rau:Zhe Han Neo:Nastasha Tan:Sriram Ramasubramanian:Eric Paulos	Time is a difficult concept for parents to communicate with young children. We developed TimeBlocks, a novel tangible, playful object to facilitate communication about concepts of time with young children. TimeBlocks consists of a set of cubic blocks that function as a physical progress bar. Parents and children can physically manipulate the blocks to represent the concept of time. We evaluated TimeBlocks through a field study in which six families tried TimeBlocks for four days at their homes. The results indicate that TimeBlocks played a useful role in facilitating the often challenging task of time-related communication between parents and children. We also report on a range of observed insightful novel uses of TimeBlocks in our study.	TimeBlocks: mom, can I have another block of time	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Haller	NA	Session details: Sensing + sensible interaction	NA	2018
John Williamson:Roderick Murray-Smith	This paper presents a systematic and general technique for establishing a set of motions suitable for use with sensor systems, by drawing performable and measurable motions directly from users. It uses reinforcement which rewards originality to induce users to explore the space of motions they can perform. A decomposition of movements into motion primitives is constructed, among which a meaningful originality metric can be defined. Because the originality measure is defined in terms of the sensed input, the resulting space contains only movements which can both be performed and sensed. We show how this can be used to evaluate the relative performance of different joint user-sensor systems, providing objective analyses of gesture lexicons with regard to the technical limitations of sensors and humans. In particular, we show how the space of motions varies across the arm for a body-mounted inertial sensor.	Rewarding the original: explorations in joint user-sensor motion spaces	NA:NA	2018
Rubaiat Habib Kazi:Takeo Igarashi:Shengdong Zhao:Richard Davis	Vignette is an interactive system that facilitates texture creation in pen-and-ink illustrations. Unlike existing systems, Vignette preserves illustrators' workflow and style: users draw a fraction of a texture and use gestures to automatically fill regions with the texture. We currently support both 1D and 2D synthesis with stitching. Our system also has interactive refinement and editing capabilities to provide a higher level texture control, which helps artists achieve their desired vision. A user study with professional artists shows that Vignette makes the process of illustration more enjoyable and that first time users can create rich textures from scratch within minutes.	Vignette: interactive texture design and manipulation with freeform gestures for pen-and-ink illustration	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Simon Fothergill:Helena Mentis:Pushmeet Kohli:Sebastian Nowozin	Entertainment and gaming systems such as the Wii and XBox Kinect have brought touchless, body-movement based interfaces to the masses. Systems like these enable the estimation of movements of various body parts from raw inertial motion or depth sensor data. However, the interface developer is still left with the challenging task of creating a system that recognizes these movements as embodying meaning. The machine learning approach for tackling this problem requires the collection of data sets that contain the relevant body movements and their associated semantic labels. These data sets directly impact the accuracy and performance of the gesture recognition system and should ideally contain all natural variations of the movements associated with a gesture. This paper addresses the problem of collecting such gesture datasets. In particular, we investigate the question of what is the most appropriate semiotic modality of instructions for conveying to human subjects the movements the system developer needs them to perform. The results of our qualitative and quantitative analysis indicate that the choice of modality has a significant impact on the performance of the learnt gesture recognition system; particularly in terms of correctness and coverage.	Instructing people for training gestural interactive systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Louis Kratz:Daniel Morris:T. Scott Saponas	Gestural input can greatly improve computing experiences away from the desktop, and has the potential to provide always-available access to computing. Specifically, accelerometers and gyroscopes worn on the arm (e.g., in a wristwatch) can sense arm gestures, enabling natural input in untethered scenarios. Two core components of any gesture recognition system are detecting when a gesture is occurring and classifying which gesture a person has performed. In previous work, accurate detection has required significant computation, and high-accuracy classification has come at the cost of training the system on a per-user basis. In this note, we present a gesture detection method whose computational complexity does not depend on the duration of the gesture, and describe a novel method for recognizing gestures with only a single example from a new user.	Making gestural input from arm-worn inertial sensors more practical	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jong-bum Woo:Youn-kyung Lim	Unlike lab environments, the existing environment is not built for smart applications, but rather should be "upgraded" to support new technologies. The result of this process is called the "accidentally smart home". We developed Clipoid, an augmentable wireless technology toolkit for supporting the development of an "accidentally smart home" environment. We observed the real user context (static, moving) with Clipoid. We present a guideline for developing an augmentation toolkit, and identify human needs of close proximity physical interaction and multiple users-public platforms.	Clipoid: an augmentable short-distance wireless toolkit for 'accidentally smart home' environments	NA:NA	2018
Laura Dabbish	NA	Session details: Time + task: managing work life	NA	2018
Casey Dugan:Werner Geyer:Michael Muller:Abel N. Valente:Katherine James:Steve Levy:Li-Te Cheng:Elizabeth Daly:Beth Brownholtz	In this paper, we propose to improve time management in the enterprise by providing users interactive visualizations of how they are spending their time. Through an interview study (n=21) in a multi-national corporation, we were able to determine the data available for visualizations and the value of a number of general visualizations of employees' calendar data. We develop implications for design in improving personal time management.	"I'd never get out of this !?$%# office": redesigning time management for the enterprise	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeremy Birnholtz:Nanyi Bi:Susan Fussell	Informal interactions are a key element of group work, and many theoretical frameworks and systems have been developed to understand and support these conversations in distributed workgroups. In particular, systems used in several recent experiments provided information about others' current activities so that their availability for conversation could be assessed, and interruptions could be timed strategically. One issue with these experimental systems, though, is that many do not notify the observed party that these observations are taking place. There is reason to believe that such notification could be valuable to users, and that it could alter observers' behavior. Moreover, factors such as the perceived urgency of the interruption could affect willingness to violate social norms in gathering information. We report on an experiment assessing the impact of perceived visibility and task urgency on awareness checking behavior. Results suggest that people check more often when they believe their partners do not know they are checking, and more often when the task is time-constrained than when it is not.	Do you see that I see?: effects of perceived visibility on awareness checking behavior	NA:NA:NA	2018
Remco Chang	NA	Session details: Search interfaces	NA	2018
Ido Guy:Sigalit Ur:Inbal Ronen:Sara Weber:Tolga Oral	This paper presents Faces, an application built to enable effective people search in the enterprise. We take advantage of the popularity Faces has gained within a globally distributed enterprise to provide an extensive analysis of how and why people search is used within the organization. Our study is primarily based on an analysis of the Faces query log over a period of more than four months, with over a million queries and tens of thousands of users. The analysis results are presented across four dimensions: queries, users, clicks, and actions, and lay the foundation for further advancement and research on the topic.	Best faces forward: a large-scale study of people search in the enterprise	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Scott Bateman:Jaime Teevan:Ryen W. White	Most searchers do not know how to use Web search engines as effectively as possible. This is due, in part, to search engines not providing feedback about how search behavior can be improved. Because feedback is an essential part of learning, we created the Search Dashboard, which provides an interface for reflection on personal search behavior. The Dashboard aggregates and presents an individual's search history and provides comparisons with that of archetypal expert profiles. Via a five-week study of 90 Search Dash-board users, we find that users are able to change aspects of their behavior to be more in line with that of the presented expert searchers. We also find that reflection can be beneficial, even without comparison, by changing participants' views about their own search skills, what is possible with search, and what aspects of their behavior may influence search success. Our findings demonstrate a new way for search engines to help users modify their search behavior for positive outcomes.	The search dashboard: how reflection and comparison impact search behavior	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaojun Yuan:Ryen White	Web users can help guide others through complex tasks in unfamiliar domains by creating ordered sequences of queries and Web pages, an activity we call trailblazing. The trails generated from this process can be surfaced by search engines to help users engaged in these tasks. However, if search engines are going to have people generate trails they need to understand whether there is value in using domain experts for trailblazing (or whether novices are sufficient). In this paper, we describe the findings of a user study of trailblazing in the medical domain, comparing domain novices and experts. We observed differences in how people in each of the groups blazed trails and the value of the trails they generated; experts were more efficient and generated better-quality trails. Although there has been significant research on contrasting novice and expert search behaviors, to our knowledge there is no work (at least in the search domain) on establishing whether artifacts created by domain experts (trails in our case) are more valuable than those created by novices. The answer to this question is important for system designers who want to learn whether investing in domain expertise is worthwhile.	Building the trail best traveled: effects of domain knowledge on web search trailblazing	NA:NA	2018
Karyn Moffatt	NA	Session details: Music	NA	2018
Ahmed Ahmed:Steve Benford:Andy Crabtree	An ethnographic study uncovers the work of nightclub DJs, which extends far beyond the act of mixing tracks to also encompass collecting music, preparing for performances, and promotion and networking. We reveal how DJs value vinyl and digital formats in different ways, acquire music through 'crate digging', prepare physical and digital crates of music before gigs, and how these underpin improvised selections during their performances. We document how DJs interact with promoters, venues, dancers and other DJs, revealing an etiquette that governs how they select and share music, and manage an ongoing tension between revealing and hiding metadata so as to maintain a competitive edge. We raise implications for technologies to support DJs, while also shedding light on previous studies of music consumption and sharing in other settings.	Digging in the crates: an ethnographic study of DJS' work	NA:NA:NA	2018
Benjamin Swift	The concepts of affect and assemblage proposed by thinkers such as Gilles Deleuze and Brian Massumi can help us to understand the interaction between users and artefacts in interactive systems, particularly in the context of computer-supported improvisation and creativity. In this paper I provide an introduction to affect and assemblage theory for HCI practitioners. I then use a case study of Viscotheque, an iOS-based interface for group musical collaboration, to demonstrate the application of affective analysis in making sense of improvisational group music making.	Becoming-sound: affect and assemblage in improvisational digital music making	NA	2018
Jérémie Garcia:Theophanis Tsandilas:Carlos Agon:Wendy Mackay	We present paper substrates, interactive paper components that support the creation and manipulation of complex musical data. Substrates take different forms, from whole pages to movable strips, and contain or control typed data representations. We conducted participatory design sessions with five professional musicians with extensive experience with music creation tools. All generated innovative uses of paper substrates, manipulating their data, linking multiple representation layers and creating modular, reusable paper elements. The substrates reflect the structure of their computer-based data, but in a much more flexible and adaptable form. We use their prototypes to provide concrete examples of substrates, identify their roles, properties and functions. Finally, we explore their physical and interaction design with an interactive prototype.	Interactive paper substrates to support musical creation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Florian Heller:Jan Borchers	Although digital media playback and storage have several advantages, many DJs still prefer using vinyl records on turntables due to their direct manipulation and haptic qualities. The physical structure of a traditional vinyl record provides important cues for in-track navigation, such as track length or location of loud and soft passages. Digital vinyl systems use a timecode record to combine the advantages of digital playback with the handling DJs are used to. These records contain a special audio signal that is processed by a computer and mapped to information such as playback speed, direction, and absolute position in a track. However, due to their generic nature, timecode records cannot provide visual information to navigate inside individual tracks. Using top-projection, DiskPlay augments a white timecode record with individual visual cues of the medium, such as cue points or track start and end. In our observational study with four professional DJs, participants valued the co-location of visual feedback with the control vinyl on the turntable.	DiskPlay: in-track navigation on turntables	NA:NA	2018
Brygg Ullmer	NA	Session details: ICT4D	NA	2018
Melissa Densmore	This paper looks back at the deployment of Claim Mobile, a smartphone-based data collection application developed for a non-governmental organization (NGO) in Southwest Uganda. This NGO subsidizes health facilities by paying for medical services on the basis of claims submitted after the patient consultation, targeting treatment of 99,000 clients between 2006-2011. I successfully tested Claim Mobile in Summer 2008, processing 35 claims over two weeks, and then discontinued it six months later, when it became apparent that integration and scale-up of the technology would be problematic for the NGO. In addition, many issues we hoped to address through technology had been addressed through program management changes instead. I find that a) the context motivating the technology changed over time, b) simpler solutions can be as effective as new technologies, and c) prioritizing the needs of the NGO required abandoning the deployment of Claim Mobile. Thus this paper presents the value of learning from failure in the process of designing for users in developing regions.	Claim mobile: when to fail a technology	NA	2018
Aakar Gupta:William Thies:Edward Cutrell:Ravin Balakrishnan	Global crowdsourcing platforms could offer new employment opportunities to low-income workers in developing countries. However, the impact to date has been limited because poor communities usually lack access to computers and the Internet. This paper presents mClerk, a new platform for mobile crowdsourcing in developing regions. mClerk sends and receives tasks via SMS, making it accessible to anyone with a low-end mobile phone. However, mClerk is not limited to text: it leverages a little-known protocol to send small images via ordinary SMS, enabling novel distribution of graphical tasks. Via a 5-week deployment in semi-urban India, we demonstrate that mClerk is effective for digitizing local-language documents. Usage of mClerk spread virally from 10 users to 239 users, who digitized over 25,000 words during the study. We discuss the social ecosystem surrounding this usage, and evaluate the potential of mobile crowdsourcing to both deliver and derive value from users in developing regions.	mClerk: enabling mobile crowdsourcing in developing regions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shaun Kane	NA	Session details: Movement-based gameplay	NA	2018
Florian Mueller:Frank Vetere:Martin Gibbs:Darren Edge:Stefan Agamanolis:Jennifer Sheridan:Jeffrey Heer	Exercising with others, such as jogging in pairs, can be socially engaging. However, if exercise partners have different fitness levels then the activity can be too strenuous for one and not challenging enough for the other, compromising engagement and health benefits. Our system, Jogging over a Distance, uses heart rate data and spatialized sound to create an equitable, balanced experience between joggers of different fitness levels who are geographically distributed. We extend this prior work by analyzing the experience of 32 joggers to detail how specific design features facilitated, and hindered, an engaging and balanced exertion experience. With this knowledge, we derive four dimensions that describe a design space for balancing exertion experiences: Measurement, Adjustment, Presentation and Control. We also present six design tactics for creating balanced exertion experiences described by these dimensions. By aiding designers in supporting participants of different physical abilities, we hope to increase participation and engagement with physical activity and facilitate the many benefits it brings about.	Balancing exertion experiences	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yue Gao:Regan Mandryk	Acute cognitive benefits, such as temporary improvements in concentration, can result from as few as ten minutes of exercise; however, most people do not take exercise breaks throughout the day. To motivate people to receive the cognitive benefits of exercising in short bursts multiple times per day, we designed an engaging casual exergame. To determine whether there are cognitive benefits after playing our game, we conducted two studies to compare playing ten minutes of our casual exergame to a sedentary version of the game or exercise on a treadmill. We found acute cognitive benefits of the casual exergame over the sedentary version (but not treadmill exercise), demonstrated by significantly improved performance on two cognitive tests that require focus and concentration. Significant improvements were also found in participants' affective states after playing the casual exergame. Finally, our casual exergame produces similar exertion levels to treadmill exercise, but is perceived as more fun.	The acute cognitive benefits of casual exergame play	NA:NA	2018
Kathrin Gerling:Ian Livingston:Lennart Nacke:Regan Mandryk	Older adults in nursing homes often lead sedentary lifestyles, which reduces their life expectancy. Full-body motion-control games provide an opportunity for these adults to remain active and engaged; these games are not designed with age-related impairments in mind, which prevents the games from being leveraged to increase the activity levels of older adults. In this paper, we present two studies aimed at developing game design guidelines for full-body motion controls for older adults experiencing age-related changes and impairments. Our studies also demonstrate how full-body motion-control games can accommodate a variety of user abilities, have a positive effect on mood and, by extension, the emotional well-being of older adults. Based on our studies, we present seven guidelines for the design of full-body interaction in games. The guidelines are designed to foster safe physical activity among older adults, thereby increasing their quality of life.	Full-body motion-based game interaction for older adults	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mikael B. Skov	NA	Session details: Beyond paper	NA	2018
Sacha Zyto:David Karger:Mark Ackerman:Sanjoy Mahajan	NB is an in-place collaborative document annotation website targeting students reading lecture notes and draft textbooks. Serving as a discussion forum in the document margins, NB lets users ask and answer questions about their reading material as they are reading. NB users can read and annotate documents using their web browsers, without any special plug-ins. We describe the NB system and its evaluation in real class environment, where students used it to submit their reading assignments, ask questions and get or provide feedback. We show that this tool can be and has been successfully incorporated into a number of different classes at different institutions. To understand how and why, we focus on a particularly successful class deployment where the instructor adapted his teaching style to take students' comment into account. We analyze the annotation practices that were observed - including the way geographic locality was exploited in ways unavailable in traditional forums - and discuss general design implications for online annotation tools in academia.	Successful classroom deployment of a social document annotation system	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ken Hinckley:Xiaojun Bi:Michel Pahud:Bill Buxton	GatherReader is a prototype e-reader with both pen and multi-touch input that illustrates several interesting design trade-offs to fluidly interleave content consumption behaviors (reading and flipping through pages) with information gathering and informal organization activities geared to active reading tasks. These choices include (1) relaxed precision for casual specification of scope; (2) multiple object collection via a visual clipboard; (3) flexible workflow via deferred action; and (4) complementary use of pen+touch. Our design affords active reading by limiting the transaction costs for secondary subtasks, while keeping users in the flow of the primary task of reading itself.	Informal information gathering techniques for active reading	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Felix Heinrichs:Daniel Schreiber:Jochen Huber:Max Mühlhäuser	Although smartphones and tablets become increasingly popular, pen and paper continues to play an important role in mobile practices, such as note taking or creative discussions. Applications designed to combine the benefits of both worlds in a mobile paper-digital ensemble require a theoretical understanding of interaction, to inform the design of adequate interaction techniques. To fill this void, we propose a theory based on the results of a stimulus driven exploratory study.	Toward a theory of interaction in mobile paper-digital ensembles	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel M. Russell	NA	Session details: Sensory interaction modalities	NA	2018
Gabe Cohn:Daniel Morris:Shwetak Patel:Desney Tan	Computer vision and inertial measurement have made it possible for people to interact with computers using whole-body gestures. Although there has been rapid growth in the uses and applications of these systems, their ubiquity has been limited by the high cost of heavily instrumenting either the environment or the user. In this paper, we use the human body as an antenna for sensing whole-body gestures. Such an approach requires no instrumentation to the environment, and only minimal instrumentation to the user, and thus enables truly mobile applications. We show robust gesture recognition with an average accuracy of 93% across 12 whole-body gestures, and promising results for robust location classification within a building. In addition, we demonstrate a real-time interactive system which allows a user to interact with a computer using whole-body gestures	Humantenna: using the body as an antenna for real-time whole-body interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sidhant Gupta:Daniel Morris:Shwetak Patel:Desney Tan	Gesture is becoming an increasingly popular means of interacting with computers. However, it is still relatively costly to deploy robust gesture recognition sensors in existing mobile platforms. We present SoundWave, a technique that leverages the speaker and microphone already embedded in most commodity devices to sense in-air gestures around the device. To do this, we generate an inaudible tone, which gets frequency-shifted when it reflects off moving objects like the hand. We measure this shift with the microphone to infer various gestures. In this note, we describe the phenomena and detection algorithm, demonstrate a variety of gestures, and present an informal evaluation on the robustness of this approach across different devices and people.	SoundWave: using the doppler effect to sense gestures	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mahsan Rofouei:Andrew Wilson:A.J. Brush:Stewart Tansley	Determining who is interacting with a multi-user interactive touch display is challenging. We describe a technique for associating multi-touch interactions to individual users and their accelerometer-equipped mobile devices. Real-time device accelerometer data and depth camera-based body tracking are compared to associate each phone with a particular user, while body tracking and touch contacts positions are compared to associate a touch contact with a specific user. It is then possible to associate touch contacts with devices, allowing for more seamless device-display multi-user interactions. We detail the technique and present a user study to validate and demonstrate a content exchange application using this approach.	Your phone or mine?: fusing body, touch and device sensing for multi-user device-display interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sasa Junuzovic:Kori Inkpen:Tom Blank:Anoop Gupta	Task and reference spaces are important communication channels for remote collaboration. However, all existing systems for sharing these spaces have an inherent weakness: they cannot share arbitrary physical and digital objects on arbitrary surfaces. We present IllumiShare, a new cost-effective, light-weight device that solves this issue. It both shares physical and digital objects on arbitrary surfaces and provides rich referential awareness. To evaluate IllumiShare, we studied pairs of children playing remotely. They used IllumiShare to share the task-reference space and Skype Video to share the person space. The study results show that IllumiShare shared the play space in a natural and seamless way. We also found that children preferred having both spaces compared to having only one. Moreover, we found that removing the task-reference space caused stronger negative disruptions to the play task and engagement level than removing the person space. Similarly, we found that adding the task-reference space resulted in stronger positive disruptions.	IllumiShare: sharing any surface	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Frederik Rudeck:Patrick Baudisch	We explore how to bring physical affordance to mobile touch devices. We present Rock-Paper-Fibers, a device that is functionally equivalent to a touchpad, yet that users can reshape so as to best match the interaction at hand. For efficiency, users interact bimanually: one hand reshapes the device and the other hand operates the resulting widget. We present a prototype that achieves deformability using a bundle of optical fibers, demonstrate an audio player and a simple video game each featuring multiple widgets. We demonstrate how to support applications that require responsiveness by adding mechanical wedges and clamps.	Rock-paper-fibers: bringing physical affordance to mobile touch devices	NA:NA	2018
D. Alex Butler:Shahram Izadi:Otmar Hilliges:David Molyneaux:Steve Hodges:David Kim	We present a novel yet simple technique that mitigates the interference caused when multiple structured light depth cameras point at the same part of a scene. The technique is particularly useful for Kinect, where the structured light source is not modulated. Our technique requires only mechanical augmentation of the Kinect, without any need to modify the internal electronics, firmware or associated host software. It is therefore simple to replicate. We show qualitative and quantitative results highlighting the improvements made to interfering Kinect depth signals. The camera frame rate is not compromised, which is a problem in approaches that modulate the structured light source. Our technique is non-destructive and does not impact depth values or geometry. We discuss uses for our technique, in particular within instrumented rooms that require simultaneous use of multiple overlapping fixed Kinect cameras to support whole room interactions.	Shake'n'sense: reducing interference for overlapping structured light depth cameras	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Krzysztof Gajos	NA	Session details: Old mouse, new tricks: desktop interfaces	NA	2018
Raphaël Hoarau:Stéphane Conversy	When using interactive graphical tools, users often have to manage a structure, i.e. the arrangement of and relations between the parts or elements of the content. However, interaction with structures may be complex and not well integrated with interaction with the content. Based on contextual inquiries and past work, we have identified a number of requirements for the interaction with graphical structures. We have designed and explored two interactive tools that rely on implicit and explicit structures: ManySpector, an inspector for multiple objects that help visualize and interact with used values; and links that users can draw between object properties to provide a dependency. The interactions with the tools augment the scope of interactions to multiple objects. A study showed that users understood the interactions and could use them to perform complex graphical tasks.	Augmenting the scope of interactions with implicit and explicit graphical structures	NA:NA	2018
Abigail Evans:Jacob Wobbrock	We present the Input Observer, a tool that can run quietly in the background of users' computers and measure their text entry and mouse pointing performance from everyday use. In lab studies, participants are presented with prescribed tasks, enabling easy identification of speeds and errors. In everyday use, no such prescriptions exist. We devised novel algorithms to segment text entry and mouse pointing input streams into "trials". We are the first to measure errors for unprescribed text entry and mouse pointing. To measure errors, we utilize web search engines, adaptive offline dictionaries, an Automation API, and crowdsourcing. Capturing errors allows us to employ Crossman's (1957) speed-accuracy normalization when calculating Fitts' law throughputs. To validate the Input Observer, we compared its measures from 12 participants over a week of computer use to the same participants' results from a lab study. Overall, in the lab and field, average text entry speeds were 74.47 WPM and 80.59 WPM, respectively. Average uncorrected error rates were near zero, at 0.12% and 0.28%. For mouse pointing, average movement times were 971 ms and 870 ms. Average pointing error rates were 4.42% and 4.66%. Average throughputs were 3.48 bits/s and 3.45 bits/s. Device makers, researchers, and assistive technology specialists may benefit from measures of everyday use.	Taming wild behavior: the input observer for obtaining text entry and mouse pointing measures from everyday computer use	NA:NA	2018
Caroline Appert:Olivier Chapuis:Emmanuel Pietriga	In graphical user interfaces, direct manipulation consists in incremental actions that should be reversible. Typical examples include manipulating geometrical shapes in a vector graphics editor, navigating a document using a scrollbar, or moving and resizing windows on the desktop. As in many such cases, there will not be any mechanism to undo them, requiring users to manually revert to the previous state using a similar sequence of direct manipulation actions. The associated motor and cognitive costs can be high. We argue that proper and consistent mechanisms to support undo in this context are lacking, and present Dwell-and-Spring, an interaction technique that uses the metaphor of springs to enable users to undo direct manipulations. A spring widget pops up whenever the user dwells during a press-drag-release interaction, giving her the opportunity to either cancel the current manipulation or undo the last one. The technique is generic and can easily be implemented on top of existing applications to complement the traditional undo command. Empirical evaluation shows that users quickly adopt it as soon as they discover it.	Dwell-and-spring: undo for direct manipulation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Meredith Ringel Morris	NA	Session details: Social support & collaboration	NA	2018
Amy Voida:Ellie Harmon:Ban Al-Ani	We present the results of a qualitative study of the use of social computing technologies by volunteer coordinators at nonprofit organizations. The work of volunteer coordinators is bridge-building work - bringing together numerous public constituencies as well as constituencies within their organizations. One might expect this class of work to be well supported by social software, some of which has been found to enable bridging social capital. However, we find that, in many ways, this class of technology fails to adequately support volunteer coordinators' bridge-building work. We discuss a number of strategies for bridge-building via social computing technologies, numerous challenges faced by volunteer coordinators in their use of these technologies, and opportunities for designing social software to better support bridge-building between organizations and the public.	Bridging between organizations and the public: volunteer coordinators' uneasy relationship with social computing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lynn Dombrowski:Amy Voida:Gillian R. Hayes:Melissa Mazmanian	In this paper, we present the results of a study of the work practices of food assistance outreach workers. We introduce the construct of service mediation, which includes the technical, social, and knowledge labor practices involved in enabling access to and use of an e-government service. We explore the service mediation activities of outreach, technological assistance, providing knowledge, and ongoing engagement. These activities bring to light how successful service relationships involve fostering a process, bridging relationships, and providing broader scaffolding. The results of our research highlight the role service mediation plays in the use of services and service technologies in information-rich organizations. This research extends previous conceptualizations of mediation by documenting how mediators support broader service processes for their clients, transform potential beneficiaries into clients, and engage in long term assistance. Therefore, this work moves beyond prior conceptualizations of mediation that concentrate solely on enabling access and use of specific technologies.	The labor practices of service mediation: a study of the work practices of food assistance outreach	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fatima Boujarwah:Gregory Abowd:Rosa Arriaga	The social world that most of us navigate effortlessly can prove to be a perplexing and disconcerting place for individuals with autism. Interactive tools to teach social skills that are personalized to the individual's needs show promise, but it is challenging to author them. We describe the design, development, and preliminary evaluation of an approach to using human computation that enables the creation of models of complex and interesting social scenarios, possible obstacles that may arise in those scenarios, and potential solutions to those obstacles. Our preliminary evaluation of the models confirms that these models have the potential to help an author create a social skills instructional module.	Socially computed scripts to support social problem solving skills	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tejinder Judge:Tara Matthews:Steve Whittaker	Collaboration personas are a tool that can be used to design for groups. Prior work posits that collaboration personas can improve tool adoption by helping designers create collaboration tools that are better targeted to the goals, needs, and interactions between members of collaborative groups. We present a comparative study of design and user experience practitioners who used both collaboration personas and individual personas. Participants conducted a cognitive walkthrough and provided redesign suggestions for a collaboration tool. Our results show that the focus of the cognitive walkthrough and redesign task differed, with collaboration personas showing more group focus. Collaboration personas led to a more complete discussion, as indicated by a greater amount of time spent on the task compared to individual personas. Despite prior experience and training with individual personas, collaboration personas were preferred and better supported the task, since they focused on groups of people and their interactions.	Comparing collaboration and individual personas for the design and evaluation of collaboration software	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tadakazu Kashiwabara:Hirotaka Osawa:Kazuhiko Shinozawa:Michita Imai	This paper proposes a wearable avatar named TEROOS, which is mounted on a person's shoulder. TEROOS allows the users who wear it and control it to share a vision remotely. Moreover, the avatar has an anthropomorphic face that enables the user who controls it to communicate with people co-located with the user who wears it. We have a field test by using TEROOS and observed that the wearable avatar innovatively assisted the users to communicate during their joint activities such as route navigating and buying goods at a shop. The user controlling TEROOS could give the user wearing it appropriate route instructions on the basis of the situation around TEROOS. In addition, both users could easily identify objects that they discussed. Moreover, shop staff members communicated with the user controlling TEROOS and behaved as they normally would when the user asked questions about the goods.	TEROOS: a wearable avatar to enhance joint activities	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lucian Leahu	NA	Session details: Culture, playfulness, & creativity	NA	2018
Steve Benford:Chris Greenhalgh:Gabriella Giannachi:Brendan Walker:Joe Marshall:Tom Rodden	We argue for deliberately and systematically creating uncomfortable interactions as part of powerful cultural experiences. We identify the potential benefits of uncomfortable interactions under the general headings of entertainment, enlightenment and sociality. We then review artworks and performances that have employed discomfort, including two complementary examples from the worlds of entertainment and performance. From this, we articulate a suite of tactics for designing four primary forms of discomfort referred to as visceral, cultural, control and intimate. We discuss how moments of discomfort need to be embedded into an overall experience which requires a further consideration of the dramatic acts of exposition, rising action, climax, falling action, and dénouement. Finally, we discuss an ethical framework for uncomfortable interactions which leads us to revisit key issues of consent, withdrawal, privacy and risk.	Uncomfortable interactions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pedro Ferreira:Kristina Höök	We set out to explore and understand the ways in which mobiles made their way into an environment--Rah Island in Vanuatu--for the first time. We were struck by their playful use, especially given the very limited infrastructure and inexpensive devices that were available. Based on our findings, we discuss tensions between playfulness and utility, in particular relating to socio-economic benefits, and conclude that playfulness in these settings needs to be taken as seriously as in any other setting. Additionally, we formulated three challenges when designing for play in similar settings: (1) engage intimately with the materials of inexpensive ICT; (2) revisit design recommendations for playfulness to ensure that they can travel/translate into other cultures; and (3) alleviate existing tensions.	Appreciating plei-plei around mobiles: playfulness in Rah island	NA:NA	2018
Mary Beth Rosson	NA	Session details: I did that! being in control	NA	2018
David Coyle:James Moore:Per Ola Kristensson:Paul Fletcher:Alan Blackwell	Cognitive neuroscience defines the sense of agency as the experience of controlling one's own actions and, through this control, affecting the external world. We believe that the sense of personal agency is a key factor in how people experience interactions with technology. This paper draws on theoretical perspectives in cognitive neuroscience and describes two implicit methods through which personal agency can be empirically investigated. We report two experiments applying these methods to HCI problems. One shows that a new input modality - skin-based interaction - can substantially increase users' sense of agency. The second demonstrates that variations in the parameters of assistance techniques such as predictive mouse acceleration can have a significant impact on users' sense of agency. The methods presented provide designers with new ways of evaluating and refining empowering interaction techniques and interfaces, in which users experience an instinctive sense of control and ownership over their actions.	I did that! Measuring users' experience of agency in their own actions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Syavash Nobarany:Louise Oram:Vasanth Kumar Rajendran:Chi-Hsiang Chen:Joanna McGrenere:Tamara Munzner	Rating interfaces are widely used on the Internet to elicit people's opinions. Little is known, however, about the effectiveness of these interfaces and their design space is relatively unexplored. We provide a taxonomy for the design space by identifying two axes: Measurement Scale for absolute rating vs. relative ranking, and Recall Support for the amount of information provided about previously recorded opinions. We present an exploration of the design space through iterative prototyping of three alternative interfaces and their evaluation. Among many findings, the study showed that users do take advantage of recall support in interfaces, preferring those that provide it. Moreover, we found that designing ranking systems is challenging; there may be a mismatch between a ranking interface that forces people to specify a total ordering for a set of items, and their mental model that some items are not directly comparable to each other.	The design space of opinion measurement interfaces: exploring recall support for rating and ranking	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alireza Sahami Shirazi:Peyman Moghadam:Hamed Ketabdar:Albrecht Schmidt	Secure user authentication on mobile phones is crucial, as they store highly sensitive information. Common approaches to authenticate a user on a mobile phone are based either on entering a PIN, a password, or drawing a pattern. However, these authentication methods are vulnerable to the shoulder surfing attack. The risk of this attack has increased since means for recording high-resolution videos are cheaply and widely accessible. If the attacker can videotape the authentication process, PINs, passwords, and patterns do not even provide the most basic level of security. In this project, we assessed the vulnerability of a magnetic gestural authentication method to the video-based shoulder surfing attack. We chose a scenario that is favourable to the attack-er. In a real world environment, we videotaped the interactions of four users performing magnetic signatures on a phone, in the presence of HD cameras from four different angles. We then recruited 22 participants and asked them to watch the videos and try to forge the signatures. The results revealed that with a certain threshold, i.e, th=1.67, none of the forging attacks was successful, whereas at this level all eligible login attempts were successfully recognized. The qualitative feedback also indicated that users found the magnetic gestural signature authentication method to be more secure than PIN-based and 2D signature methods.	Assessing the vulnerability of magnetic gestural authentication to video-based shoulder surfing attacks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andreas Butz	NA	Session details: Teaching with games	NA	2018
Gazihan Alankus:Caitlin Kelleher	Stroke is the leading cause of long-term disability among adults in industrialized nations; approximately 80% of people who survive a stroke experience motor disabilities. Recovery requires hundreds of daily repetitions of therapeutic exercises, often without therapist supervision. When performing therapy alone, people with limited motion often compensate for the lack of motion in one joint by moving another one. This compensation can impede the recovery progress and create new health problems. In this work we contribute (1) a methodology to reliably sense compensatory torso motion in the context of shoulder exercises done by persons with stroke and (2) the design and experimental evaluation of operant-conditioning-based strategies for games that aim to reduce compensatory torso motion. Our results show that these strategies significantly reduce compensatory motions compared to alternatives.	Reducing compensatory motions in video games for stroke rehabilitation	NA:NA	2018
Michael Horn:Zeina Atrash Leong:Florian Block:Judy Diamond:E. Margaret Evans:Brenda Phillips:Chia Shen	In this paper we describe visitor interaction with an interactive tabletop exhibit on evolution that we designed for use in natural history museums. We video recorded 30 families using the exhibit at the Harvard Museum of Natural History. We also observed an additional 50 social groups interacting with the exhibit without video recording. The goal of this research is to explore ways to develop "successful" interactive tabletop exhibits for museums. To determine criteria for success in this context, we borrow the concept of Active Prolonged Engagement (APE) from the science museum literature. Research on APE sets a high standard for visitor engagement and learning, and it offers a number of useful concepts and measures for research on interactive surfaces in the wild. In this paper we adapt and expand on these measures and apply them to our tabletop exhibit. Our results show that visitor groups collaborated effectively and engaged in focused, on-topic discussion for prolonged periods of time. To understand these results, we analyze visitor conversation at the exhibit. Our analysis suggests that social practices of game play contributed substantially to visitor collaboration and engagement with the exhibit.	Of BATs and APEs: an interactive tabletop game for natural history museums	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jason Linder:Wendy Ju	This paper describes a series of research probe games developed to investigate how real-world activity could be incorporated into digital game systems. These culminated in the design of our final game, Forest, which was conceived for the San Francisco non-profit Friends of the Urban Forest (FUF), who have been planting and caring for the city's street trees for 30 years. By incorporating real-world actions and behaviors into digital games, we can create experiences that both enhance our understanding of the world around us and provide incentive structures towards our personal, community, or societal goals.	Playable character: extending digital games into the real world	NA:NA	2018
Elizabeth Bonsignore:Kari Kraus:Amanda Visconti:Derek Hansen:Ann Fraistat:Allison Druin	We describe the first iteration of an Alternate Reality Game (ARG) designed to lead players into a newly enfranchised relationship with history and engage them in scientific thinking and information literacy practices. We found that the points at which the game's mythology blurred the lines between fact and fiction prompted middle school students to move beyond rote memorization of content. Instead, they began to question, analyze, and make hypotheses about the data presented. However, striking a meaningful balance between "true" history and imagined events poses new design challenges. We present a formative typology of counterfactual design patterns that can help designers, educators, and players locate interesting fault lines in reality that facilitate the expansion of ARG mythologies.	Game design for promoting counterfactual thinking	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tao Dong:Mira Dontcheva:Diana Joseph:Karrie Karahalios:Mark Newman:Mark Ackerman	We propose using discovery-based learning games to teach people how to use complex software. Specifically, we developed Jigsaw, a learning game that asks players to solve virtual jigsaw puzzles using tools in Adobe Photoshop. We conducted an eleven-person lab study of the prototype, and found the game to be an effective learning medium that can complement demonstration-based tutorials. Not only did the participants learn about new tools and techniques while actively solving the puzzles in Jigsaw, but they also recalled techniques that they had learned previously but had forgotten.	Discovery-based games for learning software	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jodi Forlizzi	NA	Session details: Health + design	NA	2018
Matthew Bonner:Lan Wang:Elizabeth D. Mynatt	Child Life Specialists (CLS's) are medical professionals who use activities to educate, comfort, entertain and distract children in hospitals. Adapting to a shifting cast of children, context and mediating activities requires CLS's to be experts at a kind of articulation work. This expertise means CLS's are well equipped to help technologists introduce child-facing interventions to the hospital. We conducted participatory design activities with 9 CLS's to develop two mobile systems to explore how CLS-child interactions are shaped by activities. We observed 18 child-CLS pairs using these systems in a hospital setting. By analyzing these encounters, we describe a continuum for classifying activities as either Co-Present or Collaborative. We then introduce a framework, Activity-Based Interaction, to describe structural components of activities that impact their position on this continuum. These concepts suggest new approaches to designing mediating technologies for adults and children.	Activity-based interaction: designing with child life specialists in a children's hospital	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sun Young Park:Yunan Chen	We conducted an observational study in an Emergency Department (ED) to examine the adaptation process after deploying an Electronic Medical Records (EMR) system. We investigated how EMR was adapted to the complex clinical work environment and how doctors and nurses engaged in the adaptation process. In this paper, we present three cases in which ED clinicians designed workarounds in order to adapt to the new work practice. Our findings reveal a rich picture of ED clinicians' active reinterpretation and modification of their work practice through their engagement with the system-in-use and its organizational and physical context. These findings call for the adaptation period in designing a socio-technical system in healthcare settings to be critically considered as an active end-user design process, a negotiating process, and a re-routinized process.	Adaptation as design: learning from an EMR deployment study	NA:NA	2018
Effie Law	NA	Session details: Usability methods	NA	2018
Helen Petrie:Christopher Power	Expert evaluation methods, such as heuristic evaluation, are still popular in spite of numerous criticisms of their effectiveness. This paper investigates the usability problems found in the evaluation of six highly interactive websites by 30 users in a task-based evaluation and 14 experts using three different expert evaluation methods. A grounded theory approach was taken to categorize 935 usability problems from the evaluation. Four major categories emerged: Physical presentation, Content, Information Architecture and Interactivity. Each major category had between 5 and 16 sub-categories. The categories and sub-categories were then analysed for whether they were found by users only, experts only or both users and experts. This allowed us to develop an evidence-based set of 21 heuristics to assist in the development and evaluation of interactive websites.	What do users really care about?: a comparison of usability problems found by users and experts on highly interactive websites	NA:NA	2018
Anders Bruun:Jan Stage	Remote asynchronous usability testing involves users directly in reporting usability problems. Most studies of this approach employ predefined tasks to ensure that users experience specific aspects of the system, whereas other studies use no task assignments. Yet the effect of using predefined tasks is still to be uncovered. There is also limited research on instructions for users in identifying usability problems. This paper reports from a comparative study of the effect of task assignments and instruction types on the problems identified in remote asynchronous usability testing of a website for information retrieval, involving 53 prospective users. The results show that users solving predefined tasks identified significantly more usability problems with a significantly higher level of agreement than those working on their own authentic tasks. Moreover, users that were instructed by means of examples of usability problems identified significantly more usability problems than those who received a conceptual definition of usability problems.	The effect of task assignments and instruction types on remote asynchronous usability testing	NA:NA	2018
Asbjørn Følstad:Effie Law:Kasper Hornbæk	Analysis is a key part of conducting usability evaluations, yet rarely systematically studied. Thus, we lack direction on how to do research on supporting practitioners' analysis and lose an opportunity for practitioners to learn from each other. We have surveyed 155 usability practitioners on the analysis in their latest usability evaluation. Analysis is typically flexible and light-weight. At the same time, practitioners see a need to strengthen reliability in evaluation. Redesign is closely integrated with analysis; more than half of the respondents provide visual redesign suggestions in their evaluation deliverables. Analysis support from academic research, including tools, forms and structured formats, does not seem to have direct impact on analysis practice. We provide six recommendations for future research to better support analysis.	Analysis in practical usability evaluation: a survey study	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tamara Babaian:Wendy Lucas:Mari-Klara Oja	We introduce a new usability walkthrough method called Collaborative Critique (CC), which is inspired by the human-computer collaboration paradigm of system-user interaction. This method applies a "collaboration lens" to assessing the system's behavior and its impact on the user's efforts in the context of the task being performed. We present findings from a laboratory evaluation of the CC method with usability practitioners, in which the results of the CC walkthrough were compared to a benchmark set of problems collected via user testing with two experimental Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system tasks. The development of this new usability evaluation method was driven by the need for an approach that assesses the adequacy of the system's support for reducing the user's cognitive and physical effort in the context of the interaction.	Evaluating the collaborative critique method	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shwetak Patel	NA	Session details: Dimensions of sensory interaction	NA	2018
Jon Moeller:Andruid Kerne	ZeroTouch (ZT) is a unique optical sensing technique and architecture that allows precision sensing of hands, fingers, and other objects within a constrained 2-dimensional plane. ZeroTouch provides tracking at 80 Hz, and up to 30 concurrent touch points. Integration with LCDs is trivial. While designed for multi-touch sensing, ZT enables other new modalities, such as pen+touch and free-air interaction. In this paper, we contextualize ZT innovations with a review of other flat-panel sensing technologies. We present the modular sensing architecture behind ZT, and examine early diverse uses of ZT sensing.	ZeroTouch: an optical multi-touch and free-air interaction architecture	NA:NA	2018
Seokhwan Kim:Xiang Cao:Haimo Zhang:Desney Tan	Researchers have explored a variety of technologies that enable a single display to simultaneously present different content when viewed from different angles or by different people. These displays provide new functionalities such as personalized views for multiple users, privacy protection, and stereoscopic 3D displays. However, current multi-view displays rely on special hardware, thus significantly limiting their availability to consumers and adoption in everyday scenarios. In this paper, we present a pure software solution (i.e. with no hardware modification) that allows us to present two independent views concurrently on the most widely used and affordable type of LCD screen, namely Twisted Nematic (TN). We achieve this by exploiting a technical limitation of the technology which causes these LCDs to show varying brightness and color depending on the viewing angle. We describe our technical solution as well as demonstrate example applications in everyday scenarios.	Enabling concurrent dual views on common LCD screens	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Marshall:Thomas Carter:Jason Alexander:Sriram Subramanian	Tangible objects placed on interactive surfaces allow users to employ a physical object to manipulate digital content. However, creating the reverse effect - having digital content manipulate a tangible object placed on the surface - is a more challenging task. We present a new approach to this problem, using ultrasound-based air pressure waves to move multiple tangible objects, independently, around an interactive surface. We describe the technical background, design, implementation, and test cases for such a system. We conclude by discussing practical uses of our system, Ultra-Tangibles, in the creation of new tangible user interfaces.	Ultra-tangibles: creating movable tangible objects on interactive tables	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Liwei Chan:Stefanie Müller:Anne Roudaut:Patrick Baudisch	Recent research proposes augmenting capacitive touch pads with tangible objects, enabling a new generation of mobile applications enhanced with tangible objects, such as game pieces and tangible controllers. In this paper, we extend the concept to capacitive tangibles consisting of multiple parts, such as stackable gaming pieces and tangible widgets with moving parts. We achieve this using a system of wires and connectors inside each block that causes the capacitance of the bottom-most block to reflect the entire assembly. We demonstrate three types of tangibles, called CapStones, Zebra Dials and Zebra Sliders that work with current consumer hardware and investigate what designs may become possible as touchscreen hardware evolves.	CapStones and ZebraWidgets: sensing stacks of building blocks, dials and sliders on capacitive touch screens	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Erin Solovey:Paul Schermerhorn:Matthias Scheutz:Angelo Sassaroli:Sergio Fantini:Robert Jacob	This paper describes the Brainput system, which learns to identify brain activity patterns occurring during multitasking. It provides a continuous, supplemental input stream to an interactive human-robot system, which uses this information to modify its behavior to better support multitasking. This paper demonstrates that we can use non-invasive methods to detect signals coming from the brain that users naturally and effortlessly generate while using a computer system. If used with care, this additional information can lead to systems that respond appropriately to changes in the user's state. Our experimental study shows that Brainput significantly improves several performance metrics, as well as the subjective NASA-Task Load Index scores in a dual-task human-robot activity.	Brainput: enhancing interactive systems with streaming fnirs brain input	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ken Hinckley	NA	Session details: Phone fun: extending mobile interaction	NA	2018
Lung-Pan Cheng:Fang-I Hsiao:Yen-Ting Liu:Mike Y. Chen	We present iRotate, an approach to automatically rotate screens on mobile devices to match users' face orientation. Current approaches to automatic screen rotation are based on gravity and device orientation. Our survey of 513 users shows that 42% currently experience auto-rotation that leads to incorrect viewing orientation several times a week or more, and 24% find the problem to be very serious to extremely serious. iRotate augments gravity-based approach, and uses front cameras on mobile devices to detect users' faces and rotates screens accordingly. It requires no explicit user input and supports different user postures and device orientations. We have implemented a iRotate that works in real-time on iPhone and iPad, and we assess the accuracy and limitations of iRotate through a 20- participant feasibility study.	iRotate: automatic screen rotation based on face orientation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Neel Joshi:Abhishek Kar:Michael Cohen	We present a touch-free interface for viewing large imagery on mobile devices. In particular, we focus on viewing paradigms for 360 degree panoramas, parallax image sequences, and long multi-perspective panoramas. We describe a sensor fusion methodology that combines face tracking using a front-facing camera with gyroscope data to produce a robust signal that defines the viewer's 3D position relative to the display. The gyroscopic data provides both low-latency feedback and allows extrapolation of the face position beyond the the field-of-view of the front-facing camera. We also demonstrate a hybrid position and rate control that uses the viewer's 3D position to drive exploration of very large image spaces. We report on the efficacy of the hybrid control vs. position only control through a user study.	Looking at you: fused gyro and face tracking for viewing large imagery on mobile devices	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mohit Jain:Ravin Balakrishnan	Touchscreen phones tend to require constant visual attention, thus not allowing eyes-free interaction. For users with visual impairment, or when occupied with another task that requires a user's visual attention, these phones can be difficult to use. Recently, marks initiating from the bezel, the physical touch-insensitive frame surrounding a touchscreen display, have been proposed as a method for eyes-free interaction. Due to the physical form factor of the mobile device, it is possible to access different parts of the bezel eyes-free. In this paper, we first studied the performance of different bezel menu layouts. Based on the results, we designed a bezel-based text entry application to gain insights into how bezel menus perform in a real-world application. From a longitudinal study, we found that the participants achieved 9.2 words per minute in situations requiring minimal visual attention to the screen. After only one hour of practice, the participants transitioned from novice to expert users. This shows that bezel menus can be adopted for realistic applications.	User learning and performance with bezel menus	NA:NA	2018
David Dearman:Richard Guy:Khai Truong	Proximate mobile devices that are aware of their orientation relative to one another can support novel and natural forms of interaction. In this paper, we present a method to determine the relative orientation of proximate mobile devices using only the backside camera. We implemented this method as a service called Orienteer, which provides mobile device with the orientation of other proximate mobile devices. We demonstrate that orientation information can be used to enable novel and natural interactions by developing two applications that allow the user to push content in the direction of another device to share it and point the device toward another to filter content based on the device's owner. An informal evaluation revealed that interactions built upon orientation information can be natural and compelling to users, but developers and designers need to carefully consider how orientation should be applied effectively.	Determining the orientation of proximate mobile devices using their back facing camera	NA:NA:NA	2018
Julia Schwarz:David Klionsky:Chris Harrison:Paul Dietz:Andrew Wilson	We present Phone as a Pixel: a scalable, synchronization-free, platform-independent system for creating large, ad-hoc displays from a collection of smaller devices. In contrast to most tiled-display systems, the only requirement for participation is for devices to have an internet connection and a web browser. Thus, most smartphones, tablets, laptops and similar devices can be used. Phone as a Pixel uses a color-transition encoding scheme to identify and locate displays. This approach has several advantages: devices can be arbitrarily arranged (i.e., not in a grid) and infrastructure consists of a single conventional camera. Further, additional devices can join at any time without re-calibration. These are desirable properties to enable collective displays in contexts like sporting events, concerts and political rallies. In this paper we describe our system, show results from proof-of-concept setups, and quantify the performance of our approach on hundreds of displays.	Phone as a pixel: enabling ad-hoc, large-scale displays using mobile devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephen Fitchett:Andy Cockburn	We introduce AccessRank, an algorithm that predicts revisitations and reuse in many contexts, such as file accesses, website visits, window switches, and command lines. AccessRank uses many sources of input to generate its predictions, including recency, frequency, temporal clustering, and time of day. Simulations based on log records of real user interaction across a diverse range of applications show that AccessRank more accurately predicts upcoming accesses than other algorithms. The prediction lists generated by AccessRank are also shown to be more stable than other algorithms that have good predictive capability, which can be important for usability when items are presented in lists as users can rely on their spatial memory for target location. Finally, we present examples of how real world applications might use AccessRank.	AccessRank: predicting what users will do next	NA:NA	2018
James Fogarty	NA	Session details: Check this out: recommender systems	NA	2018
Michael Nowak:Clifford Nass	Behavior monitoring is an important part of many recommender systems; however, its effects on users' perceptions of such systems are not well understood. We describe a 2x2 factorial experiment that manipulates a simulated recommender system's monitoring of user behavior (monitoring: present vs. absent) and whom the system is perceived to benefit (benefit: corporate vs. consumer). We find that attitudes toward being monitored are moderated by perceptions about system intentions. We propose an explanatory mechanism and highlight the value of understanding the subjective experience of interacting with recommender systems.	Effects of behavior monitoring and perceived system benefit in online recommender systems	NA:NA	2018
Svetlana Yarosh:Tara Matthews:Michelle Zhou	Expertise selection is the process of choosing an expert from a list of recommended people. This is an important and nuanced step in expertise location that has not received a great deal of attention. Through a lab-based, controlled investigation with 35 enterprise workers, we found that presenting additional information about each recommended person in a search result list led the participants to make quicker and better-informed selections. These results focus attention on a currently understudied aspect of expertise location--expertise selection--that could greatly improve the usefulness of supporting systems. We also asked participants to rate the type of information that might be most useful for expertise selection on a paper prototype containing 36 types of potentially helpful information. We identified sixteen types of this information that may be most useful for various expertise selection tasks.	Asking the right person: supporting expertise selection in the enterprise	NA:NA:NA	2018
Haiyi Zhu:Bernardo Huberman:Yarun Luon	We designed and ran an experiment to measure social influence in online recommender systems, specifically how often people's choices are changed by others' recommendations when facing different levels of confirmation and conformity pressures. In our experiment participants were first asked to provide their preferences between pairs of items. They were then asked to make second choices about the same pairs with knowledge of others' preferences. Our results show that others people's opinions significantly sway people's own choices. The influence is stronger when people are required to make their second decision sometime later (22.4%) than immediately (14.1%). Moreover, people seem to be most likely to reverse their choices when facing a moderate, as opposed to large, number of opposing opinions. Finally, the time people spend making the first decision significantly predicts whether they will reverse their decisions later on, while demographics such as age and gender do not. These results have implications for consumer behavior research as well as online marketing strategies.	To switch or not to switch: understanding social influence in online choices	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eytan Adar	NA	Session details: See hear speak: redesigning I/O for effectiveness	NA	2018
Jonathan Lazar:Jinjuan Feng:Tim Brooks:Genna Melamed:Brian Wentz:Jon Holman:Abiodun Olalere:Nnanna Ekedebe	In this paper we describe the development of a new audio CAPTCHA called the SoundsRight CAPTCHA, and the evaluation of the CAPTCHA with 20 blind users. Blind users cannot use visual CAPTCHAs, and it has been documented in the research literature that the existing audio CAPTCHAs have task success rates below 50% for blind users. The SoundsRight audio CAPTCHA presents a real-time audio-based challenge in which the user is asked to identify a specific sound (for example the sound of a bell or a piano) each time it occurs in a series of 10 sounds that are played through the computer's audio system. Evaluation results from three rounds of usability testing document that the task success rate was higher than 90% for blind users. Discussion, limitations, and suggestions for future research are also presented.	The SoundsRight CAPTCHA: an improved approach to audio human interaction proofs for blind users	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anuj Kumar:Tim Paek:Bongshin Lee	Dictation using speech recognition could potentially serve as an efficient input method for touchscreen devices. However, dictation systems today follow a mentally disruptive speech interaction model: users must first formulate utterances and then produce them, as they would with a voice recorder. Because utterances do not get transcribed until users have finished speaking, the entire output appears and users must break their train of thought to verify and correct it. In this paper, we introduce Voice Typing, a new speech interaction model where users' utterances are transcribed as they produce them to enable real-time error identification. For fast correction, users leverage a marking menu using touch gestures. Voice Typing aspires to create an experience akin to having a secretary type for you, while you monitor and correct the text. In a user study where participants composed emails using both Voice Typing and traditional dictation, they not only reported lower cognitive demand for Voice Typing but also exhibited 29% relative reduction of user corrections. Overall, they also preferred Voice Typing.	Voice typing: a new speech interaction model for dictation on touchscreen devices	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jean-Luc Vinot:Sylvie Athenes	Designing Safety-critical interfaces entails proving the safety and operational usability of each component. Largely taken for granted in everyday interface design, the typographical component, through its legibility and aesthetics, weighs heavily on the ubiquitous reading task at the heart of most visualizations and interactions. In this paper, we present a research project whose goal is the creation of a new typeface to display textual information on future aircraft interfaces. After an initial task analysis leading to the definition of specific needs, requirements and design principles, the design constantly evolves from an iterative cycle of design and experimentation. We present three experiments (laboratory and cockpit) used mainly to validate initial choices and fine-tune font properties. Results confirm the importance of rigorously testing the typographical component as a part of text output evaluation in interactive systems.	Legible, are you sure?: an experimentation-based typographical design in safety-critical context	NA:NA	2018
David Flatla:Carl Gutwin	Color is commonly used to convey information in digital environments, but colors can be difficult to distinguish for many users -- either because of a congenital color vision deficiency (CVD), or because of situation-induced CVDs such as wearing colored glasses or working in sunlight. Tools intended to improve color differentiability (recoloring tools) exist, but these all use abstract models of only a few types of congenital CVD; if the user's color problems have a different cause, existing recolorers can perform poorly. We have developed a recoloring tool (SSMRecolor) based on the idea of situation-specific modeling -- in which we build a performance-based model of a particular user in their specific environment, and use that model to drive the recoloring process. SSMRecolor covers a much wider range of CVDs, including acquired and situational deficiencies. We evaluated SSMRecolor and two existing tools in a controlled study of people's color-matching performance in several environmental conditions. The study included participants with and without congenital CVD. Our results show both accuracy and response time in color-matching tasks were significantly better with SSMRecolor. This work demonstrates the value of a situation-specific approach to recoloring, and shows that this technique can substantially improve the usability of color displays for users of all types.	SSMRecolor: improving recoloring tools with situation-specific models of color differentiation	NA:NA	2018
Bjoern Hartmann	NA	Session details: Triple t: touch, tables, tablets	NA	2018
Daniel Vogel:Géry Casiez	We examine the shape of hand and forearm occlusion on a multi-touch table for different touch contact types and tasks. Individuals have characteristic occlusion shapes, but with commonalities across tasks, postures, and handedness. Based on this, we create templates for designers to justify occlusion-related decisions and we propose geometric models capturing the shape of occlusion. A model using diffused illumination captures performed well when augmented with a forearm rectangle, as did a modified circle and rectangle model with ellipse "fingers" suitable when only X-Y contact positions are available. Finally, we describe the corpus of detailed multi-touch input data we generated which is available to the community.	Hand occlusion on a multi-touch tabletop	NA:NA	2018
Julie Wagner:Stéphane Huot:Wendy Mackay	Despite the demonstrated benefits of bimanual interaction, most tablets use just one hand for interaction, to free the other for support. In a preliminary study, we identified five holds that permit simultaneous support and interaction, and noted that users frequently change position to combat fatigue. We then designed the BiTouch design space, which introduces a support function in the kinematic chain model for interacting with hand-held tablets, and developed BiPad, a toolkit for creating bimanual tablet interaction with the thumb or the fingers of the supporting hand. We ran a controlled experiment to explore how tablet orientation and hand position affect three novel techniques: bimanual taps, gestures and chords. Bimanual taps outperformed our one-handed control condition in both landscape and portrait orientations; bimanual chords and gestures in portrait mode only; and thumbs outperformed fingers, but were more tiring and less stable. Together, BiTouch and BiPad offer new opportunities for designing bimanual interaction on hand-held tablets.	BiTouch and BiPad: designing bimanual interaction for hand-held tablets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hong Zhang:Xing-Dong Yang:Barrett Ens:Hai-Ning Liang:Pierre Boulanger:Pourang Irani	Tabletop systems provide a versatile space for collaboration, yet, in many cases, are limited by the inability to differentiate the interactions of simultaneous users. We present See Me, See You, a lightweight approach for discriminating user touches on a vision-based tabletop. We contribute a valuable characterization of finger orientation distributions of tabletop users. We exploit this biometric trait with a machine learning approach to allow the system to predict the correct position of users as they touch the surface. We achieve accuracies as high as 98% in simple situations and above 92% in more challenging conditions, such as two-handed tasks. We show high acceptance from users, who can self-correct prediction errors without significant costs. See Me, See You is a viable solution for providing simple yet effective support for multi-user application features on tabletops.	See me, see you: a lightweight method for discriminating user touches on tabletop displays	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alan Borning	NA	Session details: Defying environmental behavior changes	NA	2018
Anja Thieme:Rob Comber:Julia Miebach:Jack Weeden:Nicole Kraemer:Shaun Lawson:Patrick Olivier	BinCam is a social persuasive system to motivate reflection and behavioral change in the food waste and recycling habits of young adults. The system replaces an existing kitchen refuse bin and automatically logs disposed of items through digital images captured by a smart phone installed on the underside of the bin lid. Captured images are uploaded to a BinCam application on Facebook where they can be explored by all users of the BinCam system. Engagement with BinCam is designed to fit into the existing structure of users' everyday life, with the intention that reflection on waste and recycling becomes a playful and shared group activity. Results of a user study reveal an increase in both users' awareness of, and reflection about, their waste management and their motivation to improve their waste-related skills. With BinCam, we also explore informational and normative social influences as a source of change (e.g., socially evoked feelings of 'guilt' for non-recycling or food disposal), which has to date been underexplored in persuasive HCI. Design implications for reflection and social persuasion are proposed.	"We've bin watching you": designing for reflection and social persuasion to promote sustainable lifestyles	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jesper Kjeldskov:Mikael B. Skov:Jeni Paay:Rahuvaran Pathmanathan	Recent focus on sustainability has made consumers more aware of our joint responsibility for conserving energy resources such as electricity. However, reducing electricity use can be difficult with only a meter and a monthly or annual electricity bill. With the emergence of new power meters units, information on electricity consumption is now available digitally and wirelessly. This enables the design and deployment of a new class of persuasive systems giving consumers insight into their use of energy resources and means for reducing it. In this paper, we explore the design and use of one such system, Power Advisor, promoting electricity conservation through tailored information on a mobile phone or tablet. The use of the system in 10 households was studied over 7 weeks. Findings provide insight into peoples awareness of electricity consumption in their home and how this may be influenced through design.	Using mobile phones to support sustainability: a field study of residential electricity consumption	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Derek Foster:Shaun Lawson:Jamie Wardman:Mark Blythe:Conor Linehan	The design of technological interventions to motivate behaviour-based reductions in end-user energy consumption has recently been identified as a priority for the HCI community. Previous interventions have produced promising results, but have typically focused on domestic energy consumption. By contrast, this paper focuses on the workplace context, which presents very different opportunities and challenges. For instance, financial consequences, which have proved successful as motivations in the domestic environment, are not present in the workplace in the context of employees. We describe the outcome of a sequence of workshops that focussed on understanding employee perceptions of energy use in the workplace, with the locus of activity on energy intervention design. Using a grounded theory analysis, we produced a framework of key themes detailing user perceptions and energy intervention design considerations. Our findings provide a framework of considerations for the design of successful workplace energy interventions.	"Watts in it for me?": design implications for implementing effective energy interventions in organisations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jon Froehlich:Leah Findlater:Marilyn Ostergren:Solai Ramanathan:Josh Peterson:Inness Wragg:Eric Larson:Fabia Fu:Mazhengmin Bai:Shwetak Patel:James A. Landay	Few means currently exist for home occupants to learn about their water consumption: e.g., where water use occurs, whether such use is excessive and what steps can be taken to conserve. Emerging water sensing systems, however, can provide detailed usage data at the level of individual water fixtures (i.e., disaggregated usage data). In this paper, we perform formative evaluations of two sets of novel eco-feedback displays that take advantage of this disaggregated data. The first display set isolates and examines specific elements of an eco-feedback design space such as data and time granularity. Displays in the second set act as design probes to elicit reactions about competition, privacy, and integration into domestic space. The displays were evaluated via an online survey of 651 North American respondents and in-home, semi-structured interviews with 10 families (20 adults). Our findings are relevant not only to the design of future water eco-feedback systems but also for other types of consumption (e.g., electricity and gas).	The design and evaluation of prototype eco-feedback displays for fixture-level water usage data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Carl DiSalvo	NA	Session details: Learning with children	NA	2018
Christopher Frauenberger:Judith Good:Wendy Keay-Bright:Helen Pain	Involving children in the design process of interactive technology can greatly enhance its likelihood of successful adoption. However, children's input and ideas require careful interpretation to reach viable designs and technical specifications, which poses a significant challenge to an adult design research team. In this paper we discuss our approach to managing the complexity of combining concepts and ideas that were generated through participatory design work with the practical, technical, ethical and theoretical constraints of developing a technologically enhanced learning environment for children with and without Autism Spectrum Conditions. We found that the nature of this design problem did not lend itself to be rationally reduced to produce a single solution, but required an understanding of interpretive and speculative approaches for us to be able to cope with the complexity of requirements. We describe a workshop in which members of the design team used such approaches to develop a design brief that is faithful to the children's input. By making this process transparent, we aim to contribute to the methodology of using such designerly approaches in combination with participatory and human-centred methods to develop interactive technology.	Interpreting input from children: a designerly approach	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kori Inkpen:Honglu Du:Asta Roseway:Aaron Hoff:Paul Johns	Consumer-based synchronous video communication is on the rise and is viewed as a valuable medium to support long distance relationships. We were interested in the potential of asynchronous video to augment children's close friendships and what types of activities they would engage in using video. We explored both of these concepts through a 9-week field study with a group of six 9-10 year old girls. We see children as potential media trendsetters when it comes to video communication given their comfort with video and desire for rich social interactions. The results from this study were striking. Despite having frequent face-to-face interactions, the girls used our asynchronous video communication tool extensively to augment their existing relationships. Not only were they able to have rich conversations using asynchronous video, they also demonstrated a strong desire to share more than just a "talking head". The results from this work point to the need for video mediated communication to move beyond conversations, to the sharing of rich experiences.	Video kids: augmenting close friendships with asynchronous video conversations in videopal	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Akiyo Kano:Janet Read	The study compares self-reported computer experience (CE) obtained from children in computer-assisted and paper-and-pencil self-administered questionnaires. Twenty primary school children aged between 8 and 9 years completed a set of CE questions in both forms of administration in a Latin-square order. Findings show that young children can use both methods, and that they are able to answer a computer-based questionnaire just as consistently as a paper-based questionnaire.	Interchangeability of computer and paper based questionnaires in gathering computer experience data from young children	NA:NA	2018
Celine Latulipe	NA	Session details: Morphing & tracking & stacking: 3D interaction	NA	2018
Sean Follmer:Hiroshi Ishii	Children have great facility in the physical world, and can skillfully model in clay and draw expressive illustrations. Traditional digital modeling tools have focused on mouse, keyboard and stylus input. These tools may be complicated and difficult for young users to easily and quickly create exciting designs. We seek to bring physical interaction to digital modeling, to allow users to use existing physical objects as tangible building blocks for new designs. We introduce KidCAD a digital clay interface for children to remix toys. KidCAD allows children to imprint 2.5D shapes from physical objects into their digital models by deforming a malleable gel input device, deForm. Users can mashup existing objects, edit and sculpt or draw new designs on a 2.5D canvas using physical objects, hands and tools as well as 2D touch gestures. We report on a preliminary user study with 13 children, ages 7 to 10, which provides feedback for our design and helps guide future work in tangible modeling for children.	KidCAD: digitally remixing toys through tangible tools	NA:NA	2018
Yuichiro Takeuchi:Ken Perlin	In this paper we describe ClayVision, a new quasi-immersive urban navigation system that rethinks the design conventions of existing Augmented Reality (AR) applications, by aggressively incorporating knowledge from non-Computer Science fields - namely Information Design and Urban Planning. Instead of the prevailing approach of pasting "information bubbles" onto the existing urban scenery, ClayVision communicates through real-time 3D transformations of city elements. In other words, the system dynamically probes and reassembles the city into a better-designed copy of the original, that is both easier to navigate and tailored to suit the user's needs and preferences. We provide extensive discussions that cover the technical details of the system, the types of city-morphing operations that can be effectively applied, and what people's experiences will be in the newly "elastic" city.	ClayVision: the (elastic) image of the city	NA:NA	2018
Otmar Hilliges:David Kim:Shahram Izadi:Malte Weiss:Andrew Wilson	HoloDesk is an interactive system combining an optical see through display and Kinect camera to create the illusion that users are directly interacting with 3D graphics. A virtual image of a 3D scene is rendered through a half silvered mirror and spatially aligned with the real-world for the viewer. Users easily reach into an interaction volume displaying the virtual image. This allows the user to literally get their hands into the virtual display and to directly interact with an spatially aligned 3D virtual world, without the need for any specialized head-worn hardware or input device. We introduce a new technique for interpreting raw Kinect data to approximate and track rigid (e.g., books, cups) and non-rigid (e.g., hands, paper) physical objects and support a variety of physics-inspired interactions between virtual and real. In particular the algorithm models natural human grasping of virtual objects with more fidelity than previously demonstrated. A qualitative study highlights rich emergent 3D interactions, using hands and real-world objects. The implementation of HoloDesk is described in full, and example application scenarios explored. Finally, HoloDesk is quantitatively evaluated in a 3D target acquisition task, comparing the system with indirect and glasses-based variants.	HoloDesk: direct 3d interactions with a situated see-through display	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Audrey Girouard:Aneesh Tarun:Roel Vertegaal	Stacking physical documents is one of the main forms of spatio-temporal organization of information. We present DisplayStacks, a system that enables physical stacking of digital documents via piles of flexible E Ink displays. With a conductive dot pattern sensor attached to the flexible display, we dynamically track the position and orientation of these displays in relation to one another. We introduce mechanisms for interacting with these physical stacks for access and manipulation of information using asymmetric bi-manual interactions, such as providing contextual overviews. Initial user experiences indicate a preference for linear overlaps as a stacking configuration.	DisplayStacks: interaction techniques for stacks of flexible thin-film displays	NA:NA:NA	2018
Henriette Cramer	NA	Session details: Social computing: business & beyond	NA	2018
Franziska Brecht:Andreas Eckhardt:Christian Berger:Oliver Guenther	Due to the shortage of skilled workforce and the increasing usage of social network sites, companies increasingly apply social network sites to attract potential applicants. This paper explores how corporate career presences on network sites should be realized in order to attract potential applicants. Therefore, we tested the impact of seven individual characteristics (namely Appointments, Daily Working Routine, Jobs, Corporate News, Entertainment, Media Format, and Features) of these corporate career presences that we extracted by a comprehensive pre-study on users' perceived hedonic and utilitarian value of these presences on social network sites. Based on an online survey with 470 participants, the results reveal a highly significant impact of five characteristics that corporate career presences provide both a hedonic as well as a utilitarian value to the user.	Corporate career presences on social network sites: an analysis of hedonic and utilitarian value	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nicholas Diakopoulos:Munmun De Choudhury:Mor Naaman	Social media is already a fixture for reporting for many journalists, especially around breaking news events where non-professionals may already be on the scene to share an eyewitness report, photo, or video of the event. At the same time, the huge amount of content posted in conjunction with such events serves as a challenge to finding interesting and trustworthy sources in the din of the stream. In this paper we develop and investigate new methods for filtering and assessing the verity of sources found through social media by journalists. We take a human centered design approach to developing a system, SRSR ("Seriously Rapid Source Review"), informed by journalistic practices and knowledge of information production in events. We then used the system, together with a realistic reporting scenario, to evaluate the filtering and visual cue features that we developed. Our evaluation offers insights into social media information sourcing practices and challenges, and highlights the role technology can play in the solution.	Finding and assessing social media information sources in the context of journalism	NA:NA:NA	2018
Q. Vera Liao:Claudia Wagner:Peter Pirolli:Wai-Tat Fu	Judging topical expertise of micro-blogger is one of the key challenges for information seekers when deciding which information sources to follow. However, it is unclear how useful different types of information are for people to make expertise judgments and to what extent their background knowledge influences their judgments. This study explored differences between experts and novices in inferring expertise of Twitter users. In three conditions, participants rated the level of expertise of users after seeing (1) only the tweets, (2) only the contextual information including short biographical and user list information, and (3) both tweets and contextual information. Results indicated that, in general, contextual information provides more useful information for making expertise judgment of Twitter users than tweets. While the addition of tweets seems to make little difference, or even add nuances to novices' expertise judgment, experts' judgments were improved when both content and contextual information were presented.	Understanding experts' and novices' expertise judgment of twitter users	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
John Thomas	NA	Session details: Programming, performance, & sense making	NA	2018
Steven Gomez:David Laidlaw	We present TOME, a novel framework that helps developers quantitatively evaluate user interfaces and design iterations by using histories from crowds of end users. TOME collects user-interaction histories via an interface instrumentation library as end users complete tasks; these histories are compiled using the Keystroke-Level Model (KLM) into task completion-time predictions using CogTool. With many histories, TOME can model prevailing strategies for tasks without needing an HCI specialist to describe users' interaction steps. An unimplemented design change can be evaluated by perturbing a TOME task model in CogTool to reflect the change, giving a new performance prediction. We found that predictions for quick (5-60s) query tasks in an instrumented brain-map interface averaged within 10% of measured expert times. Finally, we modified a TOME model to predict closely the speed-up yielded by a proposed interaction before implementing it.	Modeling task performance for a crowd of users from interaction histories	NA:NA	2018
Christopher Bogart:Margaret Burnett:Scott Douglass:Hannah Adams:Rachel White	In this paper, we investigate how a debugging environment should support a population doing work at the core of HCI research: cognitive modelers. In conducting this investigation, we extended the Natural Programming methodology (a user-centered design method for HCI researchers of programming environments), to add an explicit method for mapping the outcomes of NP's empirical investigations to a language design. This provided us with a concrete way to make the design leap from empirical assessment of users' needs to a language. The contributions of our work are therefore: (1) empirical evidence about the content and sequence of cognitive modelers' information needs when debugging, (2) a new, empirically derived, design specification for a debugging interaction language for cognitive modelers, and (3) an initial case study of our "Natural Programming Plus" methodology.	Designing a debugging interaction language for cognitive modelers: an initial case study in natural programming plus	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leong-Hwee Teo:Bonnie John:Marilyn Blackmon	CogTool-Explorer 1.2 (CTE1.2) predicts novice exploration behavior and how it varies with different user-interface (UI) layouts. CTE1.2 improves upon previous models of information foraging by adding a model of hierarchical visual search to guide foraging behavior. Built within CogTool so it is easy to represent UI layouts, run the model, and present results, CTE1.2's vision is to assess many design ideas at the storyboard stage before implementation and without the cost of running human participants. This paper evaluates CTE1.2 predictions against observed human behavior on 108 tasks (36 tasks on 3 distinct website layouts). CTE1.2's predictions accounted for 63-82% of the variance in the percentage of participants succeeding on each task, the number of clicks to success, and the percentage of participants succeeding without error. We demonstrate how these predictions can be used to identify areas of the UI in need of redesign.	CogTool-Explorer: a model of goal-directed user exploration that considers information layout	NA:NA:NA	2018
Amanda Swearngin:Myra Cohen:Bonnie John:Rachel Bellamy	With the rise of tools for predictive human performance modeling in HCI comes a need to model legacy applications. Models of legacy systems are used to compare products to competitors, or new proposed design ideas to the existing version of an application. We present CogTool-Helper, an exemplar of a tool that results from joining this HCI need to research in automatic GUI testing from the Software Engineering testing community. CogTool-Helper uses automatic UI-model extraction and test case generation to automatically create CogTool storyboards and models and infer methods to accomplish tasks beyond what the UI designer has specified. A design walkthrough with experienced CogTool users reveal that CogTool-Helper resonates with a "pain point" of real-world modeling and provide suggestions for future work.	Easing the generation of predictive human performance models from legacy systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeffrey Bardzell	NA	Session details: Design theory & practice	NA	2018
Jakob Tholander:Maria Normark:Chiara Rossitto	We draw on the concept of agency in order to understand the process of how design materials 'talk back' to designers. In so doing, we illustrate the various levels at which agency can emerge in the context of intensive short-time prototyping sessions. In HCI, it is often assumed that the designer is the agent that acts intentionally in the design process. Contrary to this, recent notions of agency provide a way of analysing the performative role of design materials as intra-actions between components within a given phenomenon, rather than as meanings merely ascribed by actions of designers. The notion of agency puts focus on the emerging properties of materials and how they actively contribute to the way that design activity unfolds. The analyses showed how interaction design is to a large extent driven by emergent characteristics of available materials. The results have implications for understanding material interactions and materiality in interaction design.	Understanding agency in interaction design materials	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sebastian Denef:David Keyson	In this paper we present our approach to capture and share knowledge from field studies using pattern language and thereby inform the design of ubiquitous computing. In our case, we studied frontline firefighting by observing the existing practice, by developing empathy through participation and by introducing new technology as triggering artifacts. Applying grounded theory, we distilled our findings into pattern language describing core aspects of this practice and their interaction. In a workshop, we introduced the pattern language to developers who had no previous knowledge of this practice and, in follow-up interviews, confronted them with new technology proposals for firefighters. Our study shows that pattern language, while not to be confused with an immutable description of the status quo or a direct path from contextual analysis to design, supports a reflective discussion of novel technology and the fit with and potential impact on existing practice.	Talking about implications for design in pattern language	NA:NA	2018
Jose San pedro:Poonam Suryanarayan	This paper presents a novel method for estimating the main factors that influence aesthetic perception of photographs. This goal is achieved by automatically leveraging comments written by professional and knowledgeable photographers in specialized community websites. The statistical analysis of the resulting data shows the importance of multiple visual attributes in aesthetic perception, and their interaction effects with different photography categories. This technique can be applied in personalization and ranking of search results, and has the potential to reveal relevant factors in other domains.	Your opinion counts!: leveraging social comments for analyzing aesthetic perception of photographs.	NA:NA	2018
Kent Lyons	NA	Session details: Interactions beyond the desktop	NA	2018
Haimo Zhang:Xiang Cao:Shengdong Zhao	Human stereo vision processes the two different images seen by the two eyes to generate depth sensation. While current stereoscopic display technologies look at how to faithfully simulate the stereo viewing experience, we took a look out of this scope, to explore how we may present binocular image pairs that differ in other ways to create novel visual experience. This paper presents several interesting techniques we explored, and discusses their potential applications according to an informal user study.	Beyond stereo: an exploration of unconventional binocular presentation for novel visual experience	NA:NA:NA	2018
Géry Casiez:Nicolas Roussel:Daniel Vogel	The 1 € filter ("one Euro filter") is a simple algorithm to filter noisy signals for high precision and responsiveness. It uses a first order low-pass filter with an adaptive cutoff frequency: at low speeds, a low cutoff stabilizes the signal by reducing jitter, but as speed increases, the cutoff is increased to reduce lag. The algorithm is easy to implement, uses very few resources, and with two easily understood parameters, it is easy to tune. In a comparison with other filters, the 1 € filter has less lag using a reference amount of jitter reduction.	1 € filter: a simple speed-based low-pass filter for noisy input in interactive systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kibum Kim:John Bolton:Audrey Girouard:Jeremy Cooperstock:Roel Vertegaal	In this paper, we present TeleHuman, a cylindrical 3D display portal for life-size human telepresence. The TeleHuman 3D videoconferencing system supports 360 degree motion parallax as the viewer moves around the cylinder and optionally, stereoscopic 3D display of the remote person. We evaluated the effect of perspective cues on the conveyance of nonverbal cues in two experiments using a one-way telecommunication version of the system. The first experiment focused on how well the system preserves gaze and hand pointing cues. The second experiment evaluated how well the system conveys 3D body postural information. We compared 3 perspective conditions: a conventional 2D view, a 2D view with 360 degree motion parallax, and a stereoscopic view with 360 degree motion parallax. Results suggest the combined presence of motion parallax and stereoscopic cues significantly improved the accuracy with which participants were able to assess gaze and hand pointing cues, and to instruct others on 3D body poses. The inclusion of motion parallax and stereoscopic cues also led to significant increases in the sense of social presence and telepresence reported by participants.	TeleHuman: effects of 3d perspective on gaze and pose estimation with a life-size cylindrical telepresence pod	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Abhijit Karnik:Walterio Mayol-Cuevas:Sriram Subramanian	We present MUSTARD, a multi-user dynamic random hole see-through display, capable of delivering viewer dependent information for objects behind a glass cabinet. Multiple viewers are allowed to observe both the physical object(s) being augmented and their location dependent annotations at the same time. The system consists of two liquid-crystal (LC) panels within which physical objects can be placed. The back LC panel serves as a dynamic mask while the front panel serves as the data. We first describe the principle of MUSTARD and then examine various functions that can be used to minimize crosstalk between multiple viewer positions. We compare different conflict management strategies using PSNR and the quality mean opinion score of HDR-VDP2. Finally, through a user-study we show that users can clearly identify images and objects even when the images are shown with strong conflicting regions; demonstrating that our system works even in the most extreme of circumstances.	MUSTARD: a multi user see through AR display	NA:NA:NA	2018
Oyewole Oyekoya:William Steptoe:Anthony Steed	An emerging form of telecollaboration utilizes situated or mobile displays at a physical destination to virtually represent remote visitors. An example is a personal telepresence robot, which acts as a physical proxy for a remote visitor, and uses cameras and microphones to capture its surroundings, which are transmitted back to the visitor. We propose the use of spherical displays to represent telepresent visitors at a destination. We suggest that the use of such 360 degree displays in a telepresence system has two key advantages: it is possible to understand the identity of the visitor from any viewpoint; and with suitable graphical representation, it is possible to tell where the visitor is looking from any viewpoint. In this paper, we investigate how to optimally represent a visitor as an avatar on a spherical display by evaluating how varying representations are able to accurately convey head gaze.	SphereAvatar: a situated display to represent a remote collaborator	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kari-Jouko Räihä	NA	Session details: Right where i am: UX in complex environments	NA	2018
Shahriyar Amini:A.J. Brush:John Krumm:Jaime Teevan:Amy Karlson	Most location-aware mobile applications only make use of the user's current location, but there is an opportunity for them to infer the user's future locations. We present Trajectory-Aware Search (TAS), a mobile local search application that predicts the user's destination in real-time based on location data from the current trip and shows search results near the predicted location. TAS demonstrates the feasibility of destination prediction in an interactive mobile application. Our user study of TAS shows using predicted destinations to help select search results positively augments the local search experience.	Trajectory-aware mobile search	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alessandro Mulloni:Hartmut Seichter:Andreas Dünser:Patrick Baudisch:Dieter Schmalstieg	We investigate 360° panoramas as overviews to support users in the task of locating objects in the surrounding environment. Panoramas are typically visualized as rectangular photographs, but this does not provide clear cues for physical directions in the environment. In this paper, we conduct a series of studies with three different shapes: Frontal, Top-Down and Bird's Eye; the last two shapes are chosen because they provide a clearer representation of the spatial mapping between panorama and environment. Our results show that good readability of the panorama is most important and that a clear representation of the spatial mapping plays a secondary role. This paper is the first to provide understanding on how users exploit 360° panoramic over-views to locate objects in the surrounding environment and how different design factors can affect user performance.	360° panoramic overviews for location-based services	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Arief Ernst Hühn:Vassilis-Javed Khan:Andrés Lucero:Paul Ketelaar	User experience (UX) research on pervasive technologies faces considerable challenges regarding today's mobile context-sensitive applications: evaluative field studies lack control, whereas lab studies miss the interaction with a dynamic context. This dilemma has inspired researchers to use virtual environments (VEs) to acquire control while offering the user a rich contextual experience. Although promising, these studies are mainly concerned with usability and the technical realization of their setup. Furthermore, previous setups leave room for improvement regarding the user's immersive experience. This paper contributes to this line of research by presenting a UX case study on mobile advertising with a novel CAVE-smartphone interface. We conducted two experiments in which we evaluated the intrusiveness of a mobile location-based advertising app in a virtual supermarket. The results confirm our hypothesis that context-congruent ads lessen the experienced intrusiveness thereby demonstrating that our setup is capable of generating preliminary meaningful results with regards to UX. Furthermore, we share insights in conducting these studies.	On the use of virtual environments for the evaluation of location-based applications	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wutthigrai Boonsuk:Stephen Gilbert:Jonathan Kelly	In this paper, we describe an experiment designed to evaluate the effectiveness of three interfaces for surveillance or remote control using live 360-degree video feeds from a person or vehicle in the field. Video feeds are simulated using a game engine. While locating targets within a 3D terrain using a 2D 360-degree interface, participants indicated perceived egocentric directions to targets and later placed targets on an overhead view of the terrain. Interfaces were compared based on target finding and map placement performance. Results suggest 1) non-seamless interfaces with visual boundaries facilitate spatial understanding, 2) correct perception of self-to-object relationships is not correlated with understanding object-to-object relationships within the environment, and 3) increased video game experience corresponds with better spatial understanding of an environment observed in 360-degrees. This work can assist researchers of panoramic video systems in evaluating the optimal interface for observation and teleoperation of remote systems.	The impact of three interfaces for 360-degree video on spatial cognition	NA:NA:NA	2018
Julie Kientz	NA	Session details: Health & children	NA	2018
Lizbeth Escobedo:David H. Nguyen:LouAnne Boyd:Sen Hirano:Alejandro Rangel:Daniel Garcia-Rosas:Monica Tentori:Gillian Hayes	MOSOCO is a mobile assistive application that uses augmented reality and the visual supports of a validated curriculum, the Social Compass, to help children with autism practice social skills in real-life situations. In this paper, we present the results of a seven-week deployment study of MOSOCO in a public school in Southern California with both students with autism and neurotypical students. The results of our study demonstrate that MOSOCO facilitates practicing and learning social skills, increases both quantity and quality of social interactions, reduces social and behavioral missteps, and enables the integration of children with autism in social groups of neurotypical children. The findings from this study reveal emergent practices of the uses of mobile assistive technologies in real-life situations.	MOSOCO: a mobile assistive tool to support children with autism practicing social skills in real-life situations	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Laura Benton:Hilary Johnson:Emma Ashwin:Mark Brosnan:Beate Grawemeyer	IDEAS (Interface Design Experience for the Autistic Spectrum) is a method for involving children with Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD) in the technology design process. This paper extends the IDEAS method to enable use with a design team, providing specific added support for communication and collaboration difficulties that may arise. A study to trial this extended method was conducted with two design teams, each involving three children with ASD, in a series of six, weekly design sessions focused on designing a math game. The findings from this study reveal that the children were able to successfully participate in the sessions and collaborate with other children. The findings also highlight the positive experience that involvement in such a process can offer this population.	Developing IDEAS: supporting children with autism within a participatory design team	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Juan Pablo Hourcade:Martha Driessnack:Kelsey E. Huebner	Chronic headaches are one of the top five health problems for young children in the United States, negatively affecting their quality of life and learning opportunities. A clear understanding of children's headache characteristics is crucial for delivering appropriate treatment. However, current data collection methods were designed for adults often resulting in insufficient information. In this paper we present a novel method to help children communicate with health care providers and researchers about their headaches. It augments an existing child-centric method called Draw-and-Tell Conversation, which has already been shown to provide more actionable information from children than standard data collection methods. It does so by enabling children to draw their symptoms on a zoomable drawing application, giving them the ability to provide more details and context than on paper. We present a study conducted with nineteen children aged 7 to 12 suggesting that children provided more information about their headaches when using the zoomable drawing application than when drawing on paper. This study provides a rare example of a mobile device used to enhance face-to-face interactions and contributes evidence of a specific benefit of zoomable user interfaces.	Supporting face-to-face communication between clinicians and children with chronic headaches through a zoomable multi-touch app	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hamilton A. Hernandez:T.C. Nicholas Graham:Darcy Fehlings:Lauren Switzer:Zi Ye:Quentin Bellay:Md Ameer Hamza:Cheryl Savery:Tadeusz Stach	We report on the design of a novel station supporting the play of exercise video games (exergames) by children with cerebral palsy (CP). The station combines a physical platform allowing children with CP to provide pedaling input into a game, a standard Xbox 360 controller, and algorithms for interpreting the cycling input to improve smoothness and accuracy of gameplay. The station was designed through an iterative and incremental participatory design process involving medical professionals, game designers, computer scientists, kinesiologists, physical therapists, and eight children with CP. It has been tested through observation of its use, through gathering opinions from the children, and through small experimental studies. With our initial design, only three of eight children were capable of playing a cycling-based game; with the final design, seven of eight could cycle effectively, and six reached energy expenditure levels recommended by the American College of Sports Medicine while pedaling unassisted.	Design of an exergaming station for children with cerebral palsy	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Volker Wulf	NA	Session details: Comfortable aging	NA	2018
Jayne Wallace:Anja Thieme:Gavin Wood:Guy Schofield:Patrick Olivier	Design and digital technologies to support a sense of self and human relationships for people living with dementia are both urgently needed. We present an enquiry into design for dementia facilitated by a public art commission for an adult mental health unit in a hospital in the UK. The interactive art piece was informed by the notion of personhood in dementia that foregrounds the person's social being and interpersonal relationships as sites where self is maintained and constructed. How clients, clients' family members and staff used the piece is reported and insights related to the notions of home, intimacy, possessions and self are presented. The art piece served as window on both dementia and the institution leading to a number of insights and implications for design.	Enabling self, intimacy and a sense of home in dementia: an enquiry into design in a hospital setting	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Claudia Müller:Cornelius Neufeldt:David Randall:Volker Wulf	In this paper we wish to contribute to the recent ICT-design for and reflection of the application field of residential care homes. In doing so, the contribution of the paper is twofold: we wish to highlight some aspects of the every-day life of institutionalized elderly people - trust, sociality, and memory - which not only provoke reflection on design ideas but also on the socio-technical nexus in which design for the elderly has to take place. This domain, we suggest, is one where the 'parachuting in' of technology is unlikely to prove successful, for reasons we examine below. Further, we suggest that design for and with the elderly carries with it some specific problems. We illustrate our methodological reflections by means of an ongoing empirical research project which aims at the development of a large-screen display for a residential care home.	ICT-development in residential care settings: sensitizing design to the life circumstances of the residents of a care home	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Matthew Brehmer:Joanna McGrenere:Charlotte Tang:Claudia Jacova	Interruptions in the home pose a threat to the validity of self-administered computerised cognitive testing. We report the findings of a laboratory experiment investigating the effects of increased interruption workload demand on older adults' computerised cognitive test performance. Related work has reported interruptions having a range of inhibitory and facilitatory effects on primary task performance. Cognitive ageing literature suggests that increased interruption workload demand should have greater detrimental effects on older adults' performance, when compared to younger adults. With 36 participants from 3 age groups (20-54, 55-69, 70+), we found divergent effects of increased interruption demand on two primary tasks. Results suggest that older and younger adults experience interruptions differently, but at no age is test performance compromised by demanding interruptions. This finding is reassuring with respect to the success of a self-administered computerised cognitive assessment test, and is likely to be useful for other applications used by older adults.	Investigating interruptions in the context of computerised cognitive testing for older adults	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Brian Bailey	NA	Session details: Touch text entry	NA	2018
Niels Henze:Enrico Rukzio:Susanne Boll	With the rise of current smartphones, virtual keyboards for touchscreens became the dominant mobile text entry technique. We developed a typing game that records how users touch on the standard Android keyboard to investigate users' typing behaviour. 47,770,625 keystrokes from 72,945 installations have been collected by publishing the game. By visualizing the touch distribution we identified a systematic skew and derived a function that compensates this skew by shifting touch events. By updating the game we conduct an experiment that investigates the effect of shifting touch events, changing the keys' labels, and visualizing the touched position. Results based on 6,603,659 keystrokes and 13,013 installations show that visualizing the touched positions using a simple dot decreases the error rate of the Android keyboard by 18.3% but also decreases the speed by 5.2% with no positive effect on learnability. The Android keyboard outperforms the control condition but the constructed shift function further improves the performance by 2.2% and decreases the error rate by 9.1%. We argue that the shift function can improve existing keyboards at no costs.	Observational and experimental investigation of typing behaviour using virtual keyboards for mobile devices	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Dunlop:John Levine	This paper presents a new optimization technique for keyboard layouts based on Pareto front optimization. We used this multifactorial technique to create two new touchscreen phone keyboard layouts based on three design metrics: minimizing finger travel distance in order to maximize text entry speed, a new metric to maximize the quality of spell correction by reducing tap ambiguity, and maximizing familiarity through a similarity function with the standard Qwerty layout. The paper describes the optimization process and resulting layouts for a standard trapezoid shaped keyboard and a more rectangular layout. Fitts' law modelling shows a predicted 11% improvement in entry speed without taking into account the significantly improved error correction potential and the subsequent effect on speed. In initial user tests typing speed dropped from approx. 21 wpm with Qwerty to 13 wpm (64%) on first use of our layout but recovered to 18 wpm (85%) within four short trial sessions, and was still improving. NASA TLX forms showed no significant difference on load between Qwerty and our new layout use in the fourth session. Together we believe this shows the new layouts are faster and can be quickly adopted by users.	Multidimensional pareto optimization of touchscreen keyboards for speed, familiarity and improved spell checking	NA:NA	2018
Leah Findlater:Ben Lee:Jacob Wobbrock	Although many techniques have been proposed to improve text input on touch screens, the vast majority of this research ignores non-alphanumeric input (i.e., punctuation, symbols, and modifiers). To support this input, widely adopted commercial touch-screen interfaces require mode switches to alternate keyboard layouts for most punctuation and symbols. Our approach is to augment existing ten-finger QWERTY keyboards with multi-touch gestural input that can exist as a complement to the moded-keyboard approach. To inform our design, we conducted a study to elicit user-defined gestures from 20 participants. The final gesture set includes both multi-touch and single-touch gestures for commonly used non-alphanumeric text input. We implemented and conducted a preliminary evaluation of a touch-screen keyboard augmented with this technique. Findings show that using gestures for non-alphanumeric input is no slower than using keys, and that users strongly prefer gestures to a moded-keyboard interface.	Beyond QWERTY: augmenting touch screen keyboards with multi-touch gestures for non-alphanumeric input	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hugo Nicolau:Joaquim Jorge	Mobile touch devices have become increasingly popular, yet typing on virtual keyboards whilst walking is still an overwhelming task. In this paper we analyze; firstly, the negative effect of walking on text-input performance, particularly the users' main difficulties and error patterns. We focused our research on thumb typing, since this is a commonly used technique to interact with touch interfaces. Secondly, we analyze how these effects can be compensated by two-hand interaction and increasing target size. We asked 22 participants to input text under three mobility conditions (seated, slow walking, and normal walking) and three hand conditions (one-hand/portrait, two-hand/portrait, and two-hand/landscape). Results show that independently of hand condition, mobility significantly decreased input quality, leading to specific error patterns. Moreover, it was shown that target size can compensate the negative effect of walking, while two-hand interaction does not provide additional stability or input accuracy. We finish with implications for future designs.	Touch typing using thumbs: understanding the effect of mobility and hand posture	NA:NA	2018
Mayank Goel:Leah Findlater:Jacob Wobbrock	The lack of tactile feedback on touch screens makes typing difficult, a challenge exacerbated when situational impairments like walking vibration and divided attention arise in mobile settings. We introduce WalkType, an adaptive text entry system that leverages the mobile device's built-in tri-axis accelerometer to compensate for extraneous movement while walking. WalkType's classification model uses the displacement and acceleration of the device, and inference about the user's footsteps. Additionally, WalkType models finger-touch location and finger distance traveled on the screen, features that increase overall accuracy regardless of movement. The final model was built on typing data collected from 16 participants. In a study comparing WalkType to a control condition, WalkType reduced uncorrected errors by 45.2% and increased typing speed by 12.9% for walking participants.	WalkType: using accelerometer data to accomodate situational impairments in mobile touch screen text entry	NA:NA:NA	2018
Niklas Elmqvist	NA	Session details: Programming & debugging	NA	2018
Stephen Oney:Joel Brandt	Programmers frequently use instructive code examples found on the Web to overcome cognitive barriers while programming. These examples couple the concrete functionality of code with rich contextual information about how the code works. However, using these examples necessitates understanding, configuring, and integrating the code, all of which typically take place after the example enters the user's code and has been removed from its original instructive context. In short, a user's interaction with an example continues well after the code is pasted. This paper investigates whether treating examples as "first-class" objects in the code editor - rather than simply as strings of text - will allow programmers to use examples more effectively. We explore this through the creation and evaluation of Codelets. A Codelet is presented inline with the user's code, and consists of a block of example code and an interactive helper widget that assists the user in understanding and integrating the example. The Codelet persists throughout the example's lifecycle, remaining accessible even after configuration and integration is done. A comparative laboratory study with 20 participants found that programmers were able to complete tasks involving examples an average of 43% faster when using Codelets than when using a standard Web browser.	Codelets: linking interactive documentation and example code in the editor	NA:NA	2018
Jing Xie:Heather Lipford:Bei-Tseng Chu	Implementing secure code is an important and oft-overlooked non-functional requirement. Secure programming errors are a subset of program errors that result in many common privacy and security breaches in commercial software. We are seeking to provide interactive support for secure programming in the development environment. In this paper, we have evaluated our prototype tool, ASIDE, which provides real-time warnings and code generation to reduce secure programming errors introduced by programmers. We evaluate the potential use and effectiveness of ASIDE on both novice and professional developers in two comparison user studies. Our results demonstrate that the interactive support can help address this important non-functional requirement, and suggest guidelines for such tools to support programmers.	Evaluating interactive support for secure programming	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nikola Banovic:Fanny Chevalier:Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice	General-purpose software applications are usually not tailored for a specific user with specific tasks, strategies or preferences. In order to achieve optimal performance with such applications, users typically need to transition to an alternative efficient behavior. Often, features of such alternative behaviors are not initially accessible and first need to be customized. However, few research works formally study and empirically measure what drives a user to customize. In this paper, we describe the challenges involved in empirically studying customization behaviors, and propose a methodology for formally measuring the impact of potential customization factors. We then demonstrate this methodology by studying the impact of different customization factors on customization behaviors. Our results show that increasing exposure and awareness of customization features, and adding social influence can significantly affect the user's customization behavior.	Triggering triggers and burying barriers to customizing software	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ron Wakkary	NA	Session details: Organizing the recovery	NA	2018
Michael Muller:Sacha Chua	Tragic events struck northern Japan in March-April 2011. This note presents a case study of rapid distributed brainstorming for disaster response, involving 275 contributors from 23 countries within a three-day period, conducted among the staff in a multinational company. Factors that appear to have contributed to the success of this brainstorming include: Social media that could be easily appropriated; and employee familiarity with large-scale brainstorming. The formation of this "flash-community" joins other CHI reports to point toward a new genre of rapid large-scale responses to disasters through social media.	Brainstorming for Japan: rapid distributed global collaboration for disaster response	NA:NA	2018
Sadat Shami	NA	Session details: Tweet, tweet, tweet!	NA	2018
Eric Gilbert	Social translucence is a landmark theory in social computing. Modeled on physical life, it guides designers toward elegant social technologies. However, we argue that it breaks down over modern social network sites because social networks resist its physical metaphors. In this paper, we build theory relating social translucence to social network structure. To explore this idea, we built a tool called Link Different. Link Different addresses a structural awareness problem by letting users know how many of their Twitter followers already a saw link via someone else they follow. During two months on the web, nearly 150K people used the site a total of 1.3M times. Its widespread, viral use suggests that people want social translucence, but network structure gets in the way. We conclude the paper by illustrating new design problems that lie at the intersection of social translucence and other unexplored network structures.	Designing social translucence over social networks	NA	2018
Anne Archambault:Jonathan Grudin	We conducted four annual comprehensive surveys of social networking at Microsoft between 2008 and 2011. We are interested in how employees use these tools and whether they consider then useful for organizational communication and information-gathering. Our study is longitudinal and based on random sampling. Between 2008 and 2011, social networking went from being a niche activity to being very widely and heavily used. Growth in use and acceptance was not uniform, with differences based on gender, age and level (individual contributor vs. manager). Behaviors and concerns changed, with some showing signs of leveling off.	A longitudinal study of Facebook, LinkedIn, & Twitter use	NA:NA	2018
Mengdie Hu:Shixia Liu:Furu Wei:Yingcai Wu:John Stasko:Kwan-Liu Ma	After the news of Osama Bin Laden's death leaked through Twitter, many people wondered if Twitter would fundamentally change the way we produce, spread, and consume news. In this paper we provide an in-depth analysis of how the news broke and spread on Twitter. We confirm the claim that Twitter broke the news first, and find evidence that Twitter had convinced a large number of its audience before mainstream media confirmed the news. We also discover that attention on Twitter was highly concentrated on a small number of "opinion leaders" and identify three groups of opinion leaders who played key roles in spreading the news: individuals affiliated with media played a large part in breaking the news, mass media brought the news to a wider audience and provided eager Twitter users with content on external sites, and celebrities helped to spread the news and stimulate conversation. Our findings suggest Twitter has great potential as a news medium.	Breaking news on twitter	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jennifer Golbeck	The microblogging service Twitter has become an important, and sometimes primary, source of information for many users. As a forum for sharing news and discussing events, it can provide instant access to the latest updates, but this is not always welcome. In the case of television shows or live sporting events, for example, tweets about them may reveal spoilers to users in different time zones or who are delaying their viewing until later. More broadly, because Twitter is a broadcast medium, users may often want to temporarily or permanently hide content about a very specific given topic. In this paper, we describe the unique challenges to HCI, social computing, and computational linguistics posed by the task of building an interface that blocks all tweets about a specific event or topic. We illustrate some of the challenges through a pilot experiment run for three major television events: the 2009 NFC Championship football game, the 2010 mid-season finale of the show Glee, and the 2010 season premiere of the show 24. While simple techniques achieve very high recall (>98%), spoilers still make it through the filter and precision is extremely poor. We conclude with a description of challenges to the community in implementing this new and increasingly important feature.	The twitter mute button: a web filtering challenge	NA	2018
Lynne Baillie	NA	Session details: Me & my mobile	NA	2018
Christian Licoppe:Yoriko Inada	We report a comparative ethnographic study of a proximity-based mobile 'video game' (Dragon Quest 9) in Japan: the Nintendo DS game terminals may 'recognize' one another and allow players to exchange game resources when they are close to one another. Because different communication infrastructures are available, situations of encounter are shown to be potentially seamful and to support multi-layered participation frames. Our observations show a variety of encounter formats, among whom 'timid' encounters are the most characteristic of the kind of sociality which may develop in urban public places turned into proximity-sensitive 'hybrid ecologies' The normative order which governs such encounters is marked by a tension between the minimality expected of encounters with strangers in urban spaces, and the concern for identification and focused interaction that derives from being engaged in proximal digital communication. These empirical observations and framework of analysis offer insights for the design and the understanding of proximity-based mobile technologies.	'Timid encounters': a case study in the use of proximity-based mobile technologies	NA:NA	2018
Chad Tossell:Philip Kortum:Ahmad Rahmati:Clayton Shepard:Lin Zhong	The current paper establishes empirical patterns associated with mobile internet use on smartphones and explores user differences in these behaviors. We apply a naturalistic and longitudinal logs-based approach to collect real usage data from 24 iPhone users in the wild. These data are used to describe smartphone usage and analyze revisitation patterns of web browsers, native applications, and physical locations where phones are used. Among our findings are that web page revisitation through browsers occurred very infrequently (approximately 25% of URLs are revisited by each user), bookmarks were used sparingly, physical traversing patterns mirrored virtual (internet) traversing patterns and users systematically differed in their web use. We characterize these differences and suggest ways to support users with enhanced design of smartphone technologies and content.	Characterizing web use on smartphones	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Thomas Olsson:Markus Salo	Over the last few years, mobile applications demonstrating Augmented Reality (AR) - such as Layar, Junaio and Google Goggles - have been introduced to consumers. We conducted an online survey to explore the user experience (UX) of early stage mobile AR applications available in the market in spring 2011, covering both location-based AR browsers and image recognition AR applications for object-based interaction. We identify various types of experiences such applications have evoked by qualitatively analyzing 84 users' narratives of their most satisfying and unsatisfying experiences. The results highlight, for example, experiences of awareness of surroundings, empowerment, positive surprise, amazement and fascination from the novelty value, as well as some examples of immersion and social connectivity. The analysis indicates that the applications have not yet reached their potential in evoking a multifaceted user experience that is characteristic especially to AR. This work helps in understanding the experiential design potential in mobile AR and points out UX issues to further focus on in design.	Narratives of satisfying and unsatisfying experiences of current mobile augmented reality applications	NA:NA	2018
Bo Yi:Xiang Cao:Morten Fjeld:Shengdong Zhao	While there is increasing interest in creating eyes-free interaction technologies, a solid analysis of why users need or desire eyes-free interaction has yet to be presented. To gain a better understanding of such user motivations, we conducted an exploratory study with four focus groups, and suggest a classification of motivations for eyes-free interaction under four categories (environmental, social, device features, and personal). Exploring and analyzing these categories, we present early insights pointing to design implications for future eyes-free interactions.	Exploring user motivations for eyes-free interaction on mobile devices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Peter Tolmie	NA	Session details: Understanding gamers	NA	2018
Tim Merritt:Kevin McGee	Previous research on conversational, competitive, and cooperative systems suggests that people respond differently to humans and AI agents in terms of perception and evaluation of observed team-mate behavior. However, there has not been research examining the relationship between participants' protective behavior toward human/AI team-mates and their beliefs about their behavior. A study was conducted in which 32 participants played two sessions of a cooperative game, once with a "presumed" human and once with an AI team-mate; players could "draw fire" from a common enemy by "yelling" at it. Overwhelmingly, players claimed they "drew fire" on behalf of the presumed human more than for the AI team-mate; logged data indicates the opposite. The main contribution of this paper is to provide evidence of the mismatch in player beliefs about their actions and actual behavior with humans or agents and provides possible explanations for the differences.	Protecting artificial team-mates: more seems like less	NA:NA	2018
Nick Yee:Nicolas Ducheneaut:Les Nelson	Understanding gaming motivations is important given the growing trend of incorporating game-based mechanisms in non-gaming applications. In this paper, we describe the development and validation of an online gaming motivations scale based on a 3-factor model. Data from 2,071 US participants and 645 Hong Kong and Taiwan participants is used to provide a cross-cultural validation of the developed scale. Analysis of actual in-game behavioral metrics is also provided to demonstrate predictive validity of the scale.	Online gaming motivations scale: development and validation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kazunori Terada:Seiji Yamada:Akira Ito	We conducted an experimental investigation on human adaptation to change in an agent's strategy through a competitive two-player game. Modeling the process of human adaptation to agents is important for designing intelligent interface agents and adaptive user interfaces that learn a user's preferences and behavior strategy. However, few studies on human adaptation to such an agent have been done. We propose a human adaptation model for a two-player game. We prepared an on-line experimental system in which a participant and an agent play a repeated penny-matching game with a bonus round. We then conducted experiments in which different opponent agents (human or robot) change their strategy during the game. The experimental results indicated that, as expected, there is an adaptation phase when a human is confronted with a change in the opponent agent's strategy, and adaptation is faster when a human is competing with robot than with another human.	Experimental investigation of human adaptation to change in agent's strategy through a competitive two-player game	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nick Yee:Nicolas Ducheneaut:Han-Tai Shiao:Les Nelson	Examining how in-game behavior preferences map onto real world demographics provides important empirically-derived insights into how to match game-based mechanisms to target demographic segments. Using behavioral and demographic data from 1,037 World of Warcraft players, we use multiple regressions to provide this mapping. Given current interest in "gamifying" applications, we believe these findings are relevant for both gaming and non-gaming research.	Through the azerothian looking glass: mapping in-game preferences to real world demographics	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gary Hsieh	NA	Session details: Better together	NA	2018
Michael Muller:Kate Ehrlich:Tara Matthews:Adam Perer:Inbal Ronen:Ido Guy	There is a growing body of research into the adoption and use of social software in enterprises. However, less is known about how groups, such as communities, use and appropriate these technologies, and the implications for community structures. In a study of 188 very active online enterprise communities, we found systematic differences in size, demographics and participation, aligned with differences in community types. Different types of communities differed in their appropriation of social software tools to create and use shared resources, and build relationships. We propose implications for design of community support features, services for potential community members, and organizations looking to derive value from online groups.	Diversity among enterprise online communities: collaborating, teaming, and innovating through social media	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jill Palzkill Woelfer:David G. Hendry	This paper reports on the use of social network sites (MySpace and Facebook) by homeless young people, an extraordinary user population, made so in part by its vulnerability. Twenty-three participants of diverse ethnicities, 11 women and 12 men (mean age, 21.7 years), were interviewed in same-sex discussion groups of four participants each. The interviews consisted of questions about the uses, benefits, and harms of social network sites and how people present themselves online. Qualitative analysis of the discussion group transcripts shows how young people explore their identities, cultivate and exploit social ties, experience interpersonal tensions, manage incompatible audiences, and respond to shifting affiliations and transitions. From this analysis, implications for social intervention and technical design are presented, focused on maintaining ties with pro-social family and friends and with maintaining separation between communication spheres of incompatible audiences. This work contributes to the growing literature on vital, deeply human experiences that have become associated with social network sites.	Homeless young people on social network sites	NA:NA	2018
Sebastian Draxler:Gunnar Stevens:Martin Stein:Alexander Boden:David Randall	There is an increasing spread of flexible software applications that can be modified by adding components (sometimes called plug-ins or add-ons). A popular example in the software development domain is Eclipse, a flexible development environment that can be extended with literally thousands of different plug-ins. However, searching, installing and configuring new plug-ins requires complex overhead work that is only weakly addressed by existing support mechanisms. Recent research has highlighted the related practices of learning about new plug-ins and tailoring software tools as being highly cooperative, situated, socially embedded, and often connected to particular work situations. Based on an empirical study in small software enterprises, we develop an understanding of appropriation as a social and collaborative activity. We then suggest design principles for appropriation support that are grounded in the practices we have found in the field, and present a prototypical implementation of the concept that extends existing mechanisms of sharing tools and tool-knowledge.	Supporting the social context of technology appropriation: on a synthesis of sharing tools and tool knowledge	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Dearman	NA	Session details: Bigger is better: large & multiple display environments	NA	2018
Jakob Bardram:Sofiane Gueddana:Steven Houben:Søren Nielsen	Smart spaces research focuses on technology for multiple displays and devices for collocated participants. In most approaches, however, users have to cope with heterogeneous interfaces and information organization, as well as a lack of support for collaboration with mobile and remote users outside the smart space. In this paper, we present ReticularSpaces; a multi-display smart space system built on the principles of activity-based computing. The focus of ReticularSpaces is to support: (i) unified interaction with applications and documents through ReticularUI, a novel distributed user interfaces design; (ii) management of the complexity of tasks between users and displays; (iii) mobile users in a local, remote or 'nomadic' settings; and (iv) collaboration among local and remote users. We describe the motivation, design, and architecture of ReticularSpaces, and report from a preliminary feasibility study. The study shows that participants found ReticularSpaces useful and effective, but at the same time reveals new areas for research on smart environments.	ReticularSpaces: activity-based computing support for physically distributed and collaborative smart spaces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Thomas Seifried:Christian Rendl:Michael Haller:Stacey Scott	When multiple users are simultaneously sharing a workspace, it is not always clear what should happen when a user invokes an undo action. In this paper we explore different user interfaces for undo/redo for co-located collaborative workspaces, such as large interactive whiteboards. A preliminary study revealed that users expect neither a global nor personal undo, but rather a regional undo. We propose and evaluate three automatic regional undo/redo techniques (clustering, workspace, field of view) designed for a large interactive whiteboard. The results of the evaluation showed that an undo technique based on users' field of view was most preferred, while the content-based clustering technique produced most errors. We conclude with potential improvements to the developed techniques, and propose a set of design recommendations for implementing regional undo/redo on large interactive surfaces.	Regional undo/redo techniques for large interactive surfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yvonne Jansen:Pierre Dragicevic:Jean-Daniel Fekete	We explore the use of customizable tangible remote controllers for interacting with wall-size displays. Such controllers are especially suited to visual exploration tasks where users need to move to see details of complex visualizations. In addition, we conducted a controlled user study suggesting that tangibles make it easier for users to focus on the visual display while they interact. We explain how to build such controllers using off-the-shelf touch tablets and describe a sample application that supports multiple dynamic queries.	Tangible remote controllers for wall-size displays	NA:NA:NA	2018
Hrvoje Benko	NA	Session details: What a lovely gesture	NA	2018
Hao Lü:Yang Li	Multi-touch gestures have become popular on a wide range of touchscreen devices, but the programming of these gestures remains an art. It is time-consuming and error-prone for a developer to handle the complicated touch state transitions that result from multiple fingers and their simultaneous movements. In this paper, we present Gesture Coder, which by learning from a few examples given by the developer automatically generates code that recognizes multi-touch gestures, tracks their state changes and invokes corresponding application actions. Developers can easily test the generated code in Gesture Coder, refine it by adding more examples, and once they are satisfied with its performance integrate the code into their applications. We evaluated our learning algorithm exhaustively with various conditions over a large set of noisy data. Our results show that it is sufficient for rapid prototyping and can be improved with higher quality and more training data. We also evaluated Gesture Coder's usability through a within-subject study in which we asked participants to implement a set of multi-touch interactions with and without Gesture Coder. The results show overwhelmingly that Gesture Coder significantly lowers the threshold of programming multi-touch gestures.	Gesture coder: a tool for programming multi-touch gestures by demonstration	NA:NA	2018
Kenrick Kin:Björn Hartmann:Tony DeRose:Maneesh Agrawala	Current multitouch frameworks require application developers to write recognition code for custom gestures; this code is split across multiple event-handling callbacks. As the number of custom gestures grows it becomes increasingly difficult to 1) know if new gestures will conflict with existing gestures, and 2) know how to extend existing code to reliably recognize the complete gesture set. Proton is a novel framework that addresses both of these problems. Using Proton, the application developer declaratively specifies each gesture as a regular expression over a stream of touch events. Proton statically analyzes the set of gestures to report conflicts, and it automatically creates gesture recognizers for the entire set. To simplify the creation of complex multitouch gestures, Proton introduces gesture tablature, a graphical notation that concisely describes the sequencing of multiple interleaved touch actions over time. Proton contributes a graphical editor for authoring tablatures and automatically compiles tablatures into regular expressions. We present the architecture and implementation of Proton, along with three proof-of-concept applications. These applications demonstrate the expressiveness of the framework and show how Proton simplifies gesture definition and conflict resolution.	Proton: multitouch gestures as regular expressions	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tom Ouyang:Yang Li	Personal user-defined gesture shortcuts have shown great potential for accessing the ever-growing amount of data and computing power on touchscreen mobile devices. However, their lack of scalability is a major challenge for their wide adoption. In this paper, we present Gesture Marks, a novel approach to touch-gesture interaction that allows a user to access applications and websites using gestures without having to define them first. It offers two distinctive solutions to address the problem of scalability. First, it leverages the "wisdom of the crowd", a continually evolving library of gesture shortcuts that are collected from the user population, to infer the meaning of gestures that a user never defined himself. Second, it combines an extensible template-based gesture recognizer with a specialized handwriting recognizer to even better address handwriting-based gestures, which are a common form of gesture shortcut. These approaches effectively bootstrap a user's personal gesture library, alleviating the need to define most gestures manually. Our work was motivated and validated via a series of user studies, and the findings from these studies add to the body of knowledge on gesture-based interaction.	Bootstrapping personal gesture shortcuts with the wisdom of the crowd and handwriting recognition	NA:NA	2018
Erika Poole	NA	Session details: Crowdsourcing & peer production II	NA	2018
Donghee Wohn:Alcides Velasquez:Tor Bjornrud:Cliff Lampe	User activities in peer-production communities have mainly been examined under the assumption that individuals are rational individuals who are always cognizant of what they are doing and why. We argue that not all use is the same; while some behaviors are governed by conscious motivations, others may be a habitual response that is developed out of routine. We take a more granular approach to explaining what people are doing in online communities and how motivations and habits explain their use of specific features. In the context of the peer-production community Everything2 we employ both server log data and self-report, finding that habit is a non-conscious-driven behavior that is more associated with less cognitively-demanding tasks than content production.	Habit as an explanation of participation in an online peer-production community	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mikhil Masli:Loren Terveen	Social psychology offers several theories of potential use for designing techniques to increase user contributions to online communities. Some of these techniques follow the "compliance without pressure" approach, where users are led to comply with a request without being subjected to any obvious external pressure. We evaluated two such techniques -- foot-in-the-door and low-ball -- in the context of Cyclopath, a geographic wiki. We found that while both techniques succeeded, low-ball elicited more work than foot-in-the-door. We discuss design and research implications of applying these (and other such techniques) in online communities.	Evaluating compliance-without-pressure techniques for increasing participation in online communities	NA:NA	2018
Judd Antin:Aaron Shaw	In this study we extend research on online collaboration by examining motivation to do work on the crowdsoucing service Amazon Mechanical Turk (MTurk). We address a challenge to many existing studies of motivation in online contexts: they are based on survey self-reports, which are susceptible to effects such as social desirability bias. In addition we investigate a second challenge to the extant research on motivation in the context of MTurk: a failure to examine potential differences between MTurk workers (Turkers) from different parts of the world, especially those from the US and India, MTurk's two largest worker groups. Using a survey technique called the list experiment, we observe distinct profiles of motivation and patterns of social desirability effects among Turkers in the US and India. Among US Turkers, we find that social desirability encourages over-reporting of each of four motivating factors we examined. The over-reporting was particularly large in the case of money as a motivator. In contrast, among Turkers in India we find a more complex pattern of social desirability effects, with workers under-reporting "killing time" and "fun" as motivations, and drastically over-reporting "sense of purpose." We conclude by discussing these results and proposing implications for future research and design.	Social desirability bias and self-reports of motivation: a study of amazon mechanical turk in the US and India	NA:NA	2018
Chang Hu:Philip Resnik:Yakov Kronrod:Benjamin Bederson	In this paper, we report our experience deploying the MonoTrans Widgets system in a public setting. Our work follows a line of crowd-sourced monolingual translation systems, and it is the first attempt to deploy such a system "in the wild". The results are promising, but we also found out that simultaneously drawing from multiple crowds with different expertise and sizes poses unique problems in the design of such crowd-sourcing systems.	Deploying monotrans widgets in the wild	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chandan Sarkar:Donghee Wohn:Cliff Lampe:Kurt DeMaagd	In this paper, we examine how user ratings of content produced for an online community are taken into account by administrators when they decide whether to delete content. Incorporating about 10 years of server data from the online peer-production community Everything2, we looked at how specific features of voting predicted deletion of posts. We found that not all types of voting are the same: negative voting of users was the strongest factor explaining deletion of a Write-up. Receiving a positive vote from a member with higher status decreases the chances of deletion, while receiving a positive vote from a user with neutral status has a very little effect on the deletion of content.	A quantitative explanation of governance in an online peer-production community	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anna Cox	NA	Session details: Usability & user research	NA	2018
Corey Holland:Oleg Komogortsev:Dan Tamir	Automated detection of excessive visual search (ES) experienced by a user during software use presents the potential for substantial improvement in the efficiency of supervised usability analysis. This paper presents an objective evaluation of several methods for the automated segmentation and classification of ES intervals from an eye movement recording, a technique that can be utilized to aid in the identification of usability problems during software usability testing. Techniques considered for automated segmentation of the eye movement recording into unique intervals include mouse/keyboard events and eye movement scanpaths. ES is identified by a number of eye movement metrics, including: fixation count, saccade amplitude, convex hull area, scanpath inflections, scanpath length, and scanpath duration. The ES intervals identified by each algorithm are compared to those produced by manual classification to verify the accuracy, precision, and performance of each algorithm. The results indicate that automated classification can be successfully employed to substantially reduce the amount of recorded data reviewed by HCI experts during usability testing, with relatively little loss in accuracy.	Identifying usability issues via algorithmic detection of excessive visual search	NA:NA:NA	2018
Radu Jianu:David Laidlaw	Subtle changes in analysis system interfaces can be used purposely to alter users' analytic behaviors. In a controlled study subjects completed three analyses at one-week intervals using an analysis support system. Control subjects used one interface in all sessions. Test subjects used modified versions in the last two sessions: a first set of changes aimed at increasing subjects' use of the system and their consideration of alternative hypotheses; a second set of changes aimed at increasing the amount of evidence collected. Results show that in the second session test subjects used the interface 39% more and switched between hypotheses 19% more than in the first session. They then collected 26% more evidence in the third than in the second session. These increases differ significantly (p<0.05) from near constant control rates. We hypothesize that this approach can be used in many real applications to guide analysts unobtrusively towards improved analytic strategies.	An evaluation of how small user interface changes can improve scientists' analytic strategies	NA:NA	2018
Vidhya Navalpakkam:Elizabeth Churchill	Previous studies have used mouse tracking as a tool to measure usability of webpages, user attention and search relevance. In this paper, we go beyond measurement of user behavior to prediction of the resulting user experience from mouse patterns alone. Specifically, we identify mouse markers that can predict user frustration and reading struggles at reasonably high accuracy. We believe that mouse-based prediction of user experience is an important advance, and could potentially offer a scalable way to infer user experience on the web. In addition, we demonstrate that mouse tracking could be used for applications such as evaluating content layout and content noticeability; we apply this in particular to advertisements. More generally, it could be used to infer user attention in complex webpages containing images, text and varied content, including how attention patterns vary with page layout and user distraction.	Mouse tracking: measuring and predicting users' experience of web-based content	NA:NA	2018
Can Liu:Stephane Huot:Jonathan Diehl:Wendy Mackay:Michel Beaudouin-Lafon	Augmented Reality (AR) has been proved useful to guide operational tasks in professional domains by reducing the shift of attention between instructions and physical objects. Modern smartphones make it possible to use such techniques in everyday tasks, but raise new challenges for the usability of AR in this context: small screen, occlusion, operation "through a lens". We address these problems by adding real-time feedback to the AR overlay. We conducted a controlled experiment comparing AR with and without feedback, and with standard textual and graphical instructions. Results show significant benefits for mobile AR with feedback and reveals some problems with the other techniques.	Evaluating the benefits of real-time feedback in mobile augmented reality with hand-held devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ofer Bergman:Steve Whittaker:Mark Sanderson:Rafi Nachmias:Anand Ramamoorthy	Folder navigation is the main way that computer users retrieve their personal files. However we know surprisingly little about navigation, particularly about how it is affected by the operating system used, the interface presentation and the folder structure. To investigate this, we asked 289 participants to retrieve 1,109 of their own active files. We analyzed the 4,948 resulting retrieval steps, i.e. moves through the hierarchical folder tree. Results show: (a) significant differences in overall retrieval time between PC and Mac that arise from different organizational strategies rather than interface design; (b) the default Windows presentation is suboptimal - if changed, retrieval time could be reduced substantially and (c) contrary to our expectations, folder depth did not affect step duration. We discuss possible reasons for these results and suggest directions for future research.	How do we find personal files?: the effect of OS, presentation & depth on file navigation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Duchowski	NA	Session details: Do you see what eye see	NA	2018
Sophie Stellmach:Raimund Dachselt	While eye tracking has a high potential for fast selection tasks, it is often regarded as error-prone and unnatural, especially for gaze-only interaction. To improve on that, we propose gaze-supported interaction as a more natural and effective way combining a user's gaze with touch input from a handheld device. In particular, we contribute a set of novel and practical gaze-supported selection techniques for distant displays. Designed according to the principle gaze suggests, touch confirms they include an enhanced gaze-directed cursor, local zoom lenses and more elaborated techniques utilizing manual fine positioning of the cursor via touch. In a comprehensive user study with 24 participants, we investigated the potential of these techniques for different target sizes and distances. All novel techniques outperformed a simple gaze-directed cursor and showed individual advantages. In particular those techniques using touch for fine cursor adjustments (MAGIC touch) and for cycling through a list of possible close-to-gaze targets (MAGIC tab) demonstrated a high overall performance and usability.	Look & touch: gaze-supported target acquisition	NA:NA	2018
Sarah A. Vitak:John E. Ingram:Andrew T. Duchowski:Steven Ellis:Anand K. Gramopadhye	The use of recorded eye movements, or scanpaths, has been demonstrated as an effective visualization for feed-forward visual search training, instruction, and stimulated retrospective think-aloud usability testing. In this paper we show that creation of a scripted or recorded video of an expert's think-aloud session augmented by an animation of their scanpaths can result in an effective aid for learners of visual search. Because the creation of such a video is relatively easy, the benefits-to-cost ratio may potentially be substantial, especially in settings where learned visual scanning strategies are indicators of expertise. We suggest that two such examples are examinations of Chest X-Rays and histological slides. Results are presented where straightforward construction of an instruction video provides measurable benefit to novice as well as experienced learners in the latter context.	Gaze-augmented think-aloud as an aid to learning	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kari-Jouko Räihä:Saila Ovaska	Although eye typing (typing on an on-screen keyboard via one's eyes as they are tracked by an eye tracker) has been studied for more than three decades now, we still know relatively little about it from the users' point of view. Standard metrics such as words per minute and keystrokes per character yield information only about the effectiveness of the technology and the interaction techniques developed for eye typing. We conducted an extensive study with almost five hours of eye typing per participant and report on extended qualitative and quantitative analysis of the relationship of dwell time, text entry rate, errors made, and workload experienced by the participants. The analysis method is comprehensive and stresses the need to consider different metrics in unison. The results highlight the importance of catering for individual differences and lead to suggestions for improvements in the interface.	An exploratory study of eye typing fundamentals: dwell time, text entry rate, errors, and workload	NA:NA	2018
Andreas Bulling:Florian Alt:Albrecht Schmidt	With computers being used ever more ubiquitously in situations where privacy is important, secure user authentication is a central requirement. Gaze-based graphical passwords are a particularly promising means for shoulder-surfing-resistant authentication, but selecting secure passwords remains challenging. In this paper, we present a novel gaze-based authentication scheme that makes use of cued-recall graphical passwords on a single image. In order to increase password security, our approach uses a computational model of visual attention to mask those areas of the image that are most likely to attract visual attention. We create a realistic threat model for attacks that may occur in public settings, such as filming the user's interaction while drawing money from an ATM. Based on a 12-participant user study, we show that our approach is significantly more secure than a standard image-based authentication and gaze-based 4-digit PIN entry.	Increasing the security of gaze-based cued-recall graphical passwords using saliency masks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrea Grimes Parker	NA	Session details: Home & family	NA	2018
Marshini Chetty:Richard Banks:A.J. Brush:Jonathan Donner:Rebecca Grinter	Bandwidth caps, a limit on the amount of data users can upload and download in a month, are common globally for both home and mobile Internet access. With caps, each bit of data consumed comes at a cost against a monthly quota or a running tab. Yet, relatively little work has considered the implications of this usage-based pricing model on the user experience. In this paper, we present results from a qualitative study of households living with bandwidth caps. Our findings suggest home users grapple with three uncertainties regarding their bandwidth usage: invisible balances, mysterious processes, and multiple users. We discuss how these uncertainties impact their usage and describe the potential for better tools to help monitor and manage data caps. We conclude that as a community we need to cater for users under Internet cost constraints.	You're capped: understanding the effects of bandwidth caps on broadband use in the home	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jessie Chin:Wai-Tat Fu	An empirical study was conducted to investigate how older and younger users learned by performing exploratory search of health information using an interface that recommended relevant links based on browsing histories. While older and younger users gained both factual and structural knowledge about the health topics, significant age differences were observed. Our results showed that processing of recommended and regular Web links imposed distinct demands on cognitive abilities, which at least partially explained the observed age differences in the search process. The use of recommended links was positively associated with general knowledge, while the use of regular Web links was positively associated with processing capacity. Results also showed that the recommended links benefited both younger and older adults by broadening the exploration of information, which led to better learning. Implications on designs of health information interfaces that facilitate exploratory search and learning for different age groups were discussed.	Age differences in exploratory learning from a health information website	NA:NA	2018
Sarita Yardi:Amy Bruckman	Minorities are the fastest growing demographic in the U.S. and the poverty level in the U.S. is the highest it has been in 50 years. We interviewed middle to upper class, suburban, white American parents and low-income, urban, African-American parents to understand how each group incorporates technology into their lives. Participants had teens in their homes and devices like computers and cell phones played a powerful and preeminent role in family life. Our results show that socioeconomic differences both reflect and reinforce technology use at home. Specifically, low socioeconomic status families share devices more often and low socioeconomic status teens have more responsibility and independence in their technology use. We argue that that as low socioeconomic status families become the majority demographic, the CHI community needs to better understand how to design for these groups.	Income, race, and class: exploring socioeconomic differences in family technology use	NA:NA	2018
Hilary Hutchinson	NA	Session details: Designing for learners' complex needs	NA	2018
Aurélien Tabard:Juan David Hincapié Ramos:Jakob Bardram	In this paper we present a field trial of the eLabBench, a digital tabletop-based laboratory bench designed to support the exploratory practices of molecular biologists in the laboratory. The eLabBench supports the organization of personal information, capture of experimental work for later access, and the use of a variety of computational resources directly at the lab bench. We deployed the eLabBench in a biology laboratory for 16 weeks, and invited seven molecular biologists to run experiments on it. We report on how they used the bench and how it fitted within their larger experimental process. The main impact of the eLabBench lies in the changes it sparked off in preparing, running, and documenting lab experiments. By supporting computation at the bench and management of physical objects in the office, the eLabBench blurred the separation between office and laboratory work. Based on our observations, we discuss how interactive systems for laboratories such as the eLabBench can support a more exploratory or design-oriented way of 'doing' science.	The eLabBench in the wild: supporting exploration in a molecular biology lab	NA:NA:NA	2018
Alex Kuhn:Brenna McNally:Shannon Schmoll:Clara Cahill:Wan-Tzu Lo:Chris Quintana:Ibrahim Delen	Scientific inquiry can be more authentic and meaningful to students when using personal and peer-collected data. The challenges of organizing and evaluating a potentially large amount of data can be overcome through the use of annotations (title, tags, and audio notes). We created Zydeco, a multi-component system that students use to collect annotated multimedia data from a museum (using a smartphone app), and then create a scientific explanation with their personal and peers' data (using a tablet app). We ran a classroom study with 54 students (ages 11-13) investigating how students searched for, evaluated, and used annotated data to construct a scientific explanation. We found that tags supported data interpretation, while title searching and panning through the unfiltered data set supported finding and using data.	How students find, evaluate and utilize peer-collected annotated multimedia data in science inquiry with zydeco	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Bertrand Schneider:Megan Strait:Laurence Muller:Sarah Elfenbein:Orit Shaer:Chia Shen	Phylogenetic trees are representations of evolutionary relationships amongst species. Interviews of instructors and students have revealed that novice biologists have difficulty understanding phylogenetics. Moreover, misinterpretations of phylogenetics are common among college-level students. In this paper we present Phylo-Genie, a tabletop interface for fostering collaborative learning of phylogenetics. We conducted an experimental study with 56 participants, comparing students' conceptual learning and engagement using Phylo-Genie as: 1) a multi-touch tabletop interface and 2) a pen and paper activity. Our findings show that the tabletop implementation fosters collaborative learning by engaging users in the activity. We also shed light on the way in which our design principles facilitated engagement and collaborative learning in a tabletop environment.	Phylo-Genie: engaging students in collaborative 'tree-thinking' through tabletop techniques	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eric Gilbert	NA	Session details: Groups @ work	NA	2018
Marcelo Cataldo:Kate Ehrlich	New product development teams face important challenges to their performance due to the novelty of the work and the need to rapidly develop shared knowledge and goals. However, little is known about the relationship between the structural properties of communication and performance in these teams. This study examined the effect of communication structure, specifically hierarchical and small-world structures on the delivery performance and quality outcomes of a large-scale new product development project. Our longitudinal analyses revealed that structuring communication patterns in a hierarchical manner significantly improves delivery performance. However, hierarchical communication has a detrimental effect on quality while small-world communication structures improved the quality outcomes of development teams. We discuss the implications of these results for collaborative tools that support communication tradeoffs	The impact of communication structure on new product development outcomes	NA:NA	2018
Irene Rae:Leila Takayama:Bilge Mutlu	As an emerging technology that enables geographically distributed work teams, mobile remote presence (MRP) systems present new opportunities for supporting effective team building and collaboration. MRP systems are physically embodied mobile videoconferencing systems that remote co-workers control. These systems allow remote users, pilots, to actively initiate conversations and to navigate throughout the local environment. To investigate ways of encouraging team-like behavior among local and remote co-workers, we conducted a 2 (visual framing: decoration vs. no decoration) x 2 (verbal framing: interdependent vs. independent performance scoring) between-participants study (n=40). We hypothesized that verbally framing the situation as interdependent and visually framing the MRP system to create a sense of self-extension would enhance group cohesion between the local and the pilot. We found that the interdependent framing was successful in producing more in-group oriented behaviors and, contrary to our predictions, visual framing of the MRP system weakened team cohesion.	One of the gang: supporting in-group behavior for embodied mediated communication	NA:NA:NA	2018
Amy Voida:Nathan Bos:Judith Olson:Gary Olson:Lauren Dunning	This paper reports the results of a study comparing the relative influence of location and shared identity in partially distributed work. Using an experimental task called Shape Factory, groups of eight participants were configured such that in the baseline 'strangers' condition only the location-based faultline was present while in the experimental 'intergroup' condition, participants from two different shared identity groups engaged in distributed collaboration, creating an additional, cross-cutting faultline. The results showed that participants in the intergroup condition, with both location-based and shared identity faultlines, performed at a higher level than participants in the strangers condition, with only the location-based faultline. In the intergroup condition, the performance effects of location and shared identity were roughly equal and did not affect each other differentially in combination.	Cross-cutting faultlines of location and shared identity in the intergroup cooperation of partially distributed groups	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
John Tang:Jennifer Marlow:Aaron Hoff:Asta Roseway:Kori Inkpen:Chen Zhao:Xiang Cao	Time Travel Proxy (TTP) enables participating in meetings that you cannot attend in real time, either because of time conflicts or global time zone differences. TTP uses lightweight video recordings to pre-record your contributions to a meeting, which are played on a tablet that serves as a proxy for you during the meeting. Reactions and responses in the meeting are also captured in video to give you feedback of what happened at the meeting. A working prototype of TTP was deployed and studied within four developer teams in their daily stand-up meetings. The study found that the affordances of video helped integrate the time traveler into the social context of the meeting, although the current prototype was better at enabling the time traveler to contribute to the meeting than it was in conveying the meeting experience back to the time traveler.	Time travel proxy: using lightweight video recordings to create asynchronous, interactive meetings	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mike Horn	NA	Session details: Use the force	NA	2018
Bhoram Lee:Hyunjeong Lee:Soo-Chul Lim:Hyungkew Lee:Seungju Han:Joonah Park	While interacting with mobile devices, users may press against touch screens and also exert tangential force to the display in a sliding manner. We seek to guide UI design based on the tangential force applied by a user to the surface of a hand-held device. A prototype of an interface using tangential force input was implemented utilizing a force sensitive layer and an elastic layer and used for the user experiment. We investigated user controllability to reach and maintain target force levels and considered the effects of hand pose and direction of force input. Our results imply no significant difference in performance when applying force holding the device in one hand and in two hands. We also observed that users have more physical and perceived loads when applying tangential force in the left-right direction compared to the up-down direction. Based on the experimental results, we discuss considerations for user interface applications of tangential-force-based interface.	Evaluation of human tangential force input performance	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Martin Pielot:Benjamin Poppinga:Wilko Heuten:Susanne Boll	In this paper, we report about a large-scale in-situ study of tactile feedback for pedestrian navigation systems. Recent advances in smartphone technology have enabled a number of interaction techniques for smartphone that use tactile feedback to deliver navigation information. The aim is to enable eyes-free usage and avoid distracting the user from the environment. Field studies where participants had to fulfill given navigation tasks, have found these techniques to be efficient and beneficial in terms of distraction. But it is not yet clear whether these findings will replicate in in-situ usage. We, therefore, developed a Google Maps-like navigation application that incorporates interaction techniques proposed in previous work. The application was published for free on the Android Market and so people were able to use it as a navigation system in their everyday life. The data collected through anonymous monitoring suggests that tactile feedback is successfully adopted in one third of all trips and has positive effects on the user's level of distraction.	PocketNavigator: studying tactile navigation systems in-situ	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jaedong Lee:Youngsun Kim:Gerard Kim	Funneling and saltation are two major illusory feedback techniques for vibration-based tactile feedback. They are often put into practice e.g. to reduce the number of vibrators to be worn on the body and thereby build a less cumbersome feedback device. Recently, these techniques have been found to be applicable to eliciting "out of the body" experiences as well (e.g. through user-held external objects). This paper examines the possibility of applying this phenomenon to interacting with virtual objects. Two usability experiments were run to test the effects of funneling and saltation respectively for perceiving tactile sensation from a virtual object in an augmented reality setting. Experimental results have shown solid evidences for phantom sensations from virtual objects with funneling, but mixed results for saltation.	Funneling and saltation effects for tactile interaction with virtual objects	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chris Harrison:Scott Hudson	Touch input is constrained, typically only providing finger X/Y coordinates. To access and switch between different functions, valuable screen real estate must be allocated to buttons and menus, or users must perform special actions, such as touch-and-hold, double tap, or multi-finger chords. Even still, this only adds a few bits of additional information, leaving touch interaction unwieldy for many tasks. In this work, we suggest using a largely unutilized touch input dimension: shear (force tangential to a screen's surface). Similar to pressure, shear can be used in concert with conventional finger positional input. However, unlike pressure, shear provides a rich, analog 2D input space, which has many powerful uses. We put forward five classes of advanced interaction that considerably expands the envelope of interaction possible on touchscreens.	Using shear as a supplemental two-dimensional input channel for rich touchscreen interaction	NA:NA	2018
Akash Badshah:Sidhant Gupta:Daniel Morris:Shwetak Patel:Desney Tan	Haptic devices that provide robust and realistic force feedback are generally grounded to counterweight the applied force, prohibiting their use in mobile devices. Many ungrounded force-feedback devices rely on the gyro effect to produce torques on the human body, but their active control systems render them extremely bulky for implementation in small mobile devices. We present GyroTab, a relatively flat handheld system that utilizes the gyro effect to provide torque feedback. GyroTab relies on the user to produce an input torque and provides feedback by opposing that torque, making its feedback reactive to the user's motion. We describe the implementation of GyroTab, discuss the kinds of feedback it generates, and explore some of the psychophysical results we obtained from a study with the device.	GyroTab: a handheld device that provides reactive torque feedback	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Olivier Chapuis	NA	Session details: Human performance gives us Fitts'	NA	2018
Krzysztof Gajos:Katharina Reinecke:Charles Herrmann	We present a method for obtaining lab-quality measurements of pointing performance from unobtrusive observations of natural in situ interactions. Specifically, we have developed a set of user-independent classifiers for discriminating between deliberate, targeted mouse pointer movements and those movements that were affected by any extraneous factors. To develop and validate these classifiers, we developed logging software to unobtrusively record pointer trajectories as participants naturally interacted with their computers over the course of several weeks. Each participant also performed a set of pointing tasks in a formal study set-up. For each movement, we computed a set of measures capturing nuances of the trajectory and the speed, acceleration, and jerk profiles. Treating the observations from the formal study as positive examples of deliberate, targeted movements and the in situ observations as unlabeled data with an unknown mix of deliberate and distracted interactions, we used a recent advance in machine learning to develop the classifiers. Our results show that, on four distinct metrics, the data collected in-situ and filtered with our classifiers closely matches the results obtained from the formal experiment.	Accurate measurements of pointing performance from in situ observations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Morgan Dixon:James Fogarty:Jacob Wobbrock	We present a general-purpose implementation of a target aware pointing technique, functional across an entire desktop and independent of application implementations. Specifically, we implement Grossman and Balakrishnan's Bubble Cursor, the fastest general pointing facilitation technique in the literature. Our implementation obtains the necessary knowledge of interface targets using a combination of pixel-level analysis and social annotation. We discuss the most novel aspects of our implementation, including methods for interactive creation and correction of pixel-level prototypes of interface elements and methods for interactive annotation of how the cursor should select identified elements. We also report on limitations of the Bubble Cursor unearthed by examining our implementation in the complexity of real-world interfaces. We therefore contribute important progress toward real-world deployment of an important family of techniques and shed light on the gap between understanding techniques in controlled settings versus behavior with real-world interfaces.	A general-purpose target-aware pointing enhancement using pixel-level analysis of graphical interfaces	NA:NA:NA	2018
Vibol Yem:Hideaki Kuzuoka:Naomi Yamashita:Ryota Shibusawa:Hiroaki Yano:Jun Yamashita	Various systems for hand tool skill training have been developed in the domain of haptic displays. These systems typically present force to a learner's palm by directly actuating the tool. However, this approach is sometimes ineffective because learners have difficulty sensing the haptic feedback from the tool when they are holding it tightly. Thus, we propose a different approach (OCHD) that effectively guides the learner's hand by presenting force to the back of his/her hand as if an instructor is holding it. A preliminary experiment showed that OCHD effectively guides users with less actuator drive force than cases where the tool is directly actuated.	Assisting hand skill transfer of tracheal intubation using outer-covering haptic display	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dugald Hutchings	We describe the design and analysis of a Fitts' law experiment, conducted in a multiple-display environment (MDE), in which the physical gap between displays and the proximity of targets to the gap systematically varied. Participants achieved decreasing throughput values (a combined measure of movement time and accuracy in a target acquisition task) under increasing gap sizes. Participants likewise performed relatively poorly in tasks involving monitor crossing over all gap conditions, especially so when motion either originates or terminates very close to the gap. Both results could be considered surprising since in either case, the amount of mouse movement needed to successfully execute the task does not change based on physical gap size or a target's proximity to the edge. Fitts' law may underestimate the difficulty of movement tasks in MDEs.	An investigation of Fitts' law in a multiple-display environment	NA	2018
Xinyong Zhang:Hongbin Zha:Wenxin Feng	Fitts' law is the most widely applied model in the field of HCI. However, this model and its existing extensions are still limited for 2D pointing task especially when the effects of movement direction (Θ) remain in the task. In this paper, we employ the concept of projection to account for the effects of target width (W) and height (H) on movement time so that we seamlessly integrate the four factors, i.e. Θ, amplitude (A), W and H, into the new extension of Fitts' law, which can uncover not only the periodicity of the asymmetrical impacts of W and H with the variation of Θ but also their interrelation. Carrying out two experiments, we verify that the vertical projection of W and the horizontal projection of H in the line of movement direction can be viewed as the determinants of movement time. Finally, we offer recommendations for 2D pointing experiments and discuss the implications for interface designs.	Extending Fitts' law to account for the effects of movement direction on 2d pointing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Amy Hurst	NA	Session details: With a little help from my friends	NA	2018
Cliff Lampe:Jessica Vitak:Rebecca Gray:Nicole Ellison	Facebook has become an increasingly important tool for people engaging in a range of communication behaviors, including requesting help from their social network to address information needs. Through a study of 614 staff members at a large university, we show how social capital, network characteristics, and use of Facebook are related to how useful individuals find Facebook to be for informational purposes and their propensity to seek different types of information on the site. We find that bridging social capital and engagement with one's network through directed communication behaviors are important predictors of these dimensions of information seeking; furthermore, a number of demographic and usage behavior differences exist between those who choose to engage in information-seeking behaviors on Facebook and those who do not. Finally, when predicting information-seeking behaviors, we identify a significant interaction between users' perceptions of Facebook as appropriate for purposes beyond the purely social and their engagement with their network.	Perceptions of facebook's value as an information source	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kerry Shih-Ping Chang:Brad A. Myers	Examples have been widely used in the area of web design to help web authors create web pages. However, without actually understanding how an example is constructed, people often have trouble extracting the elements they want and incorporating them into their own design. This paper introduces WebCrystal, a web development tool that helps users understand how a web page is built. WebCrystal contributes novel interaction techniques that let the user quickly access HTML and CSS information by selecting questions regarding how a selected element is designed. It provides answers using a textual description and a customized code snippet that can be copied-and-pasted to recreate the desired properties. WebCrystal also supports combining the styles and structures from multiple elements into the generated code snippet, and provides visualizations on the web page itself to explain layout relationships. Our user study shows that WebCrystal helped both novice and experienced developers complete more tasks successfully using significantly less time.	WebCrystal: understanding and reusing examples in web authoring	NA:NA	2018
Louise Barkhuus	NA	Session details: Papers: managing social media	NA	2018
Xuan Zhao:Niloufar Salehi:Sasha Naranjit:Sara Alwaalan:Stephen Voida:Dan Cosley	The growing use of social media means that an increasing amount of people's lives are visible online. We draw from Goffman's theatrical metaphor and Hogan's exhibition approach to explore how people manage their personal collection of social media data over time. We conducted a qualitative study of 13 participants to reveal their day-to-day decision-making about producing and curating digital traces on Facebook. Their goals and strategies showed that people experience the Facebook platform as consisting of three different functional regions: a performance region for managing recent data and impression management, an exhibition region for longer term presentation of self-image, and a personal region for archiving meaningful facets of life. Further, users' need for presenting and archiving data in these three regions is mediated by temporality. These findings trigger a discussion of how to design social media that support these dynamic and sometimes conflicting needs.	The many faces of facebook: experiencing social media as performance, exhibition, and personal archive	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yumi Jung:Rebecca Gray:Cliff Lampe:Nicole Ellison	Past research has demonstrated a link between perceptions of social capital and use of the popular social network site, Facebook. Williams' Internet Social Capital Scales, based on Putnam's formulation, tap into sub-dimensions of social capital that have not been broadly used yet may enlighten our understanding of the different ways in which connecting with others online can facilitate access to resources embedded within our social relationships. In this study, we segment Williams' Internet Social Capital Scales into various sub-dimensions using factor analysis and explicate the distinct facets of social capital through a lab experiment in which Facebook users (N=98) request a small favor from their Facebook network. We find that some sub-dimensions play a significant role in getting favors from Facebook friends while bonding and bridging social capital do not significantly predict responses to favor requests.	Favors from facebook friends: unpacking dimensions of social capital	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael S. Bernstein:Eytan Bakshy:Moira Burke:Brian Karrer	When you share content in an online social network, who is listening? Users have scarce information about who actually sees their content, making their audience seem invisible and difficult to estimate. However, understanding this invisible audience can impact both science and design, since perceived audiences influence content production and self-presentation online. In this paper, we combine survey and large-scale log data to examine how well users' perceptions of their audience match their actual audience on Facebook. We find that social media users consistently underestimate their audience size for their posts, guessing that their audience is just 27% of its true size. Qualitative coding of survey responses reveals folk theories that attempt to reverse-engineer audience size using feedback and friend count, though none of these approaches are particularly accurate. We analyze audience logs for 222,000 Facebook users' posts over the course of one month and find that publicly visible signals --- friend count, likes, and comments --- vary widely and do not strongly indicate the audience of a single post. Despite the variation, users typically reach 61% of their friends each month. Together, our results begin to reveal the invisible undercurrents of audience attention and behavior in online social networks.	Quantifying the invisible audience in social networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yi-Chia Wang:Moira Burke:Robert E. Kraut	Although both men and women communicate frequently on Facebook, we know little about what they talk about, whether their topics differ and how their network responds. Using Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA), we identify topics from more than half a million Facebook status updates and determine which topics are more likely to receive feedback, such as likes and comments. Women tend to share more personal topics (e.g., family matters), while men discuss more public ones (e.g., politics and sports). Generally, women receive more feedback than men, but "male" topics (those more often posted by men) receive more feedback, especially when posted by women.	Gender, topic, and audience response: an analysis of user-generated content on facebook	NA:NA:NA	2018
Pan Shi:Heng Xu:Yunan Chen	Although privacy problems in Social Network Sites (SNS) have become more salient than ever in recent years, interpersonal privacy issues in SNS remain understudied. This study aims to generate insights in understanding users' interpersonal privacy concerns by expounding interpersonal privacy boundaries in SNS. Through a case analysis of Friendship Pages on Facebook, this paper identifies users' interpersonal privacy concerns that are rooted from informational norms outlined in the theory of contextual integrity, as well as the tensions that occur within and cross these informational norms. This paper concludes with a discussion of design implications and future research.	Using contextual integrity to examine interpersonal information boundary on social network sites	NA:NA:NA	2018
Geraldine Fitzpatrick	NA	Session details: Papers: enhancing access	NA	2018
Jenny Waycott:Frank Vetere:Sonja Pedell:Lars Kulik:Elizabeth Ozanne:Alan Gruner:John Downs	Older adults are normally characterized as consumers, rather than producers, of digital content. Current research concerning the design of technologies for older adults typically focuses on providing access to digital resources. Access is important, but is often insufficient, especially when establishing new social relationships. This paper investigates the nature and role of digital content that has been created by older adults, for the purpose of forging new relationships. We present a unique field study in which seven older adults (aged 71-92 years), who did not know each other, used a prototype iPad application (Enmesh) to create and share photographs and messages. The findings demonstrate that older adults, even those in the \'1c"oldest old\'1d" age group, embraced opportunities to express themselves creatively through digital content production. We show that self-expression and social engagement with peers can be realized when socio-technical systems are suitably designed to allow older adults to create and share their own digital content.	Older adults as digital content producers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leslie S. Liu:Jina Huh:Tina Neogi:Kori Inkpen:Wanda Pratt	Health video blogs (vlogs) allow individuals with chronic illnesses to share their stories, experiences, and knowledge with the general public. Furthermore, health vlogs help in creating a connection between the vlogger and the viewers. In this work, we present a qualitative study examining the various methods that health vloggers use to establish a connection with their viewers. We found that vloggers used genres to express specific messages to their viewers while using the uniqueness of video to establish a deeper connection with their viewers. Health vloggers also explicitly sought interaction with their viewers. Based on these results, we present design implications to help facilitate and build sustainable communities for vloggers.	Health vlogger-viewer interaction in chronic illness management	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Katie Kuksenok:Michael Brooks:Jennifer Mankoff	Like most online content, user-generated content (UGC) poses accessibility barriers to users with disabilities. However, the accessibility difficulties pervasive in UGC warrant discussion and analysis distinct from other kinds of online content. Content authors, community culture, and the authoring tool itself all affect UGC accessibility. The choices, resources available, and strategies in use to ensure accessibility are different than for other types of online content. We contribute case studies of two UGC communities with accessible content: Wikipedia, where authors focus on access to visual materials and navigation, and an online health support forum where users moderate the cognitive accessibility of posts. Our data demonstrate real world moderation strategies and illuminate factors affecting success, such as community culture. We conclude with recommended strategies for creating a culture of accessibility around UGC.	Accessible online content creation by end users	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuki Ban:Takuji Narumi:Tatsuya Fujii:Sho Sakurai:Jun Imura:Tomohiro Tanikawa:Michitaka Hirose	The main contribution of this paper is to develop a method for alleviating fatigue during handling medium-weight objects and augmenting our endurance by affecting our weight perception with augmented reality technology. To assist people to lift medium-weight objects without a complex structure or various costs, we focus on the phenomenon that our weight perception during handling objects is affected by visual properties. Our hypothesis is that this illusionary effect in weight perception can be applied to reduce fatigue while handling medium-weight objects without mechatronics-based physical assistance. In this paper, we propose an augmented reality system that changes the brightness value of an object in order to reduce fatigue while handling the object. We conducted two fundamental experiments to investigate the effectiveness of the proposed system. Our results suggested that the system eliminates the need to use excess energy for handling objects and reduces fatigue during the handling task.	Augmented endurance: controlling fatigue while handling objects by affecting weight perception using augmented reality	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andruid Kerne	NA	Session details: Papers: learning	NA	2018
Erik Harpstead:Brad A. Myers:Vincent Aleven	The field of Educational Games has seen many calls for added rigor. One avenue for improving the rigor of the field is developing more generalizable methods for measuring student learning within games. Throughout the process of development, what is relevant to measure and assess may change as a game evolves into a finished product. The field needs an approach for game developers and researchers to be able to prototype and experiment with different measures that can stand up to rigorous scrutiny, as well as provide insight into possible new directions for development. We demonstrate a toolkit and analysis tools that capture and analyze students' performance within open educational games. The system records relevant events during play, which can be used for analysis of player learning by designers. The tools support replaying student sessions within the original game's environment, which allows researchers and developers to explore possible explanations for student behavior. Using this system, we were able to facilitate a number of analyses of student learning in an open educational game developed by a team of our collaborators as well as gain greater insight into student learning with the game and where to focus as we iterate.	In search of learning: facilitating data analysis in educational games	NA:NA:NA	2018
Derek Lomas:Kishan Patel:Jodi L. Forlizzi:Kenneth R. Koedinger	Online games can serve as research instruments to explore the effects of game design elements on motivation and learning. In our research, we manipulated the design of an online math game to investigate the effect of challenge on player motivation and learning. To test the \'1cInverted-U Hypothesis\'1d, which predicts that maximum game engagement will occur with moderate challenge, we produced two large-scale (10K and 70K subjects), multi-factor (2x3 and 2x9x8x4x25) online experiments. We found that, in almost all cases, subjects were more engaged and played longer when the game was easier, which seems to contradict the generality of the Inverted-U Hypothesis. Troublingly, we also found that the most engaging design conditions produced the slowest rates of learning. Based on our findings, we describe several design implications that may increase challenge-seeking in games, such as providing feedforward about the anticipated degree of challenge.	Optimizing challenge in an educational game using large-scale design experiments	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephen R. Foster:Sarah Esper:William G. Griswold	We investigate the unique educational benefits of 1-on-1 competitive games, arguing that such games can be just as easy to design as single-player educational games, while yielding a more diverse and sustainable learning experience. We present a study of chess and StarCraft II in order to inform the design of similar educational games and their communities. We discuss a competitive game we designed to teach Java programming. We evaluate the game by discussing its user study. Our main contributions are 1) an argument that the use of 1-on-1 competition can solve two existing problems inherent to single-player games, 2) an analysis of the features that make competitive games effective learning environments, and 3) an early but encouraging description of the emergent learning environment one can expect from designing an educational game with these features.	From competition to metacognition: designing diverse, sustainable educational games	NA:NA:NA	2018
Martina A. Rau:Vincent Aleven:Nikol Rummel:Stacie Rohrbach	Designing interactive learning environments (ILEs; e.g., intelligent tutoring systems, educational games, etc.) is a challenging interdisciplinary process that needs to satisfy multiple stakeholders. ILEs need to function in real educational settings (e.g., schools) in which a number of goals interact. Several instructional design methodologies exist to help developers address these goals. However, they often lead to conflicting recommendations. Due to the lack of an established methodology to resolve such conflicts, developers of ILEs have to rely on ad-hoc solutions. We present a principled methodology to resolve such conflicts. We build on a well-established design process for creating Cognitive Tutors, a highly effective type of ILE. We extend this process by integrating methods from multiple disciplines to resolve design conflicts. We illustrate our methodology's effectiveness by describing the iterative development of the Fractions Tutor, which has proven to be effective in classroom studies with 3,000 4th-6th graders.	Why interactive learning environments can have it all: resolving design conflicts between competing goals	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marina Jirotka	NA	Session details: Papers: interaction in the wild	NA	2018
James Pierce:Eric Paulos	This paper offers new theoretical and design insights into nteractive technology. By initially considering electric technology broadly, our work informs how HCI approaches a range of specific interactive or digital things and materials. Theoretically, we contribute a rigorous analysis of electric technology using the experiential lens of phenomenology. A major result is to characterize electric technology by three forms of materiality: the electric object, its electric materiality, and electric power. In terms of design, we present and analyze novel interactive form prototypes. Our theoretical contributions offer new insight into design artifacts, just as our novel design artifacts help reveal new theoretical insight.	Electric materialities and interactive technology	NA:NA	2018
Rachel Jacobs:Steve Benford:Mark Selby:Michael Golembewski:Dominic Price:Gabriella Giannachi	A study of an interactive artwork shows how artists engaged the public with scientific climate change data. The artwork visualised live environmental data collected from remote trees, alongside both historical and forecast global CO2 data. Visitors also took part in a mobile sensing experience in a nearby forest. Our study draws on the perspectives of the artists, visitors and a climate scientist to reveal how the work was designed and experienced. We show that the artists adopted a distinct approach that fostered an emotional engagement with data rather than an informative or persuasive one. We chart the performative strategies they used to achieve this including sensory engagement with data, a temporal structure that balanced liveness with slowness, and the juxtaposition of different treatments of the data to enable interpretation and dialogue.	A conversation between trees: what data feels like in the forest	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Blythe:Jo Briggs:Jonathan Hook:Peter Wright:Patrick Olivier	The paper reflects on three approaches to the dissemination and display of digital art. \'1c"s[edition]\'1d" is a novel, web-based service that offers limited editions of "\'1cdigital prints"\'1d. Analysis of user comments suggests that the metaphor of a \'1c"limited digital edition"\'1d raises issues and to some extent is resisted. The second approach is the Flickr Brushes Gallery, where digital painters post images and comment on one another's work. Analysis of comment boards indicates that the shared art and comments are a form of gift exchange. Finally, the paper discusses a field study in which artists exhibited their work as it develops over time in digital frames and also in an immersive digital projection room. Analysis of field notes and interviews indicate that the digital frame approach was unsuccessful because of aesthetic and environmental concerns. The immersive projection suggested that more experiential approaches may be more interesting. It is argued that there is an inherent resistance in digital media to previous models of art commoditization. None of the approaches discussed here resolve the dilemma but rather indicate the scope and complexity of the issues.	Unlimited editions: three approaches to the dissemination and display of digital art	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lesley Fosh:Steve Benford:Stuart Reeves:Boriana Koleva:Patrick Brundell	We apply the HCI concept of trajectories to the design of a sculpture trail. We crafted a trajectory through each sculpture, combining textual and audio instructions to drive directed viewing, movement and touching while listening to accompanying music. We designed key transitions along the way to oscillate between moments of social interaction and isolated personal engagement, and to deliver official interpretation only after visitors had been given the opportunity to make their own. We describe how visitors generally followed our trajectory, engaging with sculptures and making interpretations that sometimes challenged the received interpretation. We relate our findings to discussions of sense-making and design for multiple interpretations, concluding that curators and designers may benefit from considering \'18trajectories of interpretation'.	see me, feel me, touch me, hear me: trajectories and interpretation in a sculpture garden	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pierre Cubaud	NA	Session details: Papers: 3D user interfaces	NA	2018
Robert J. Teather:Wolfgang Stuerzlinger	We present a study of cursors for selecting 2D-projected 3D targets. We compared a stereo- and mono-rendered (one-eyed) cursor using two mouse-based and two remote pointing techniques in a 3D Fitts' law pointing experiment. The first experiment used targets at fixed depths. Results indicate that one-eyed cursors only improve screen-plane pointing techniques, and that constant target depth does not influence pointing throughput. A second experiment included pointing between targets at varying depths and used only "screen-plane" pointing techniques. Our results suggest that in the absence of stereo cue conflicts, screen-space projections of Fitts' law parameters (target size and distance) yield constant throughput despite target depth differences and produce better models of performance.	Pointing at 3d target projections with one-eyed and stereo cursors	NA:NA	2018
Jonas Schild:Liane Bölicke:Joseph J. LaViola Jr.:Maic Masuch	Creating graphical user interfaces (GUI) for stereoscopic 3D (S3D) games is a difficult choice between visual comfort and effect. We present a S3D Game GUI Design Space and a list of S3D-specific attributes that emphasizes integrating visually comfortable interfaces into the game world, story and S3D view. To showcase our approach, we created two GUI concepts and evaluated them with 32 users. Our results show quality improvements for a combination of bottom position and visual attachment for a menu. In a referencing interface, placing the reference near to the target depth significantly improved perceived quality, game integration, and increased presence. These results confirm the need to create S3D GUIs with perceptual constraints in mind, demonstrating the potential to extend the user experience. Additionally, our design space offers a formal and flexible way to create new effects in S3D GUIs.	Creating and analyzing stereoscopic 3D graphical user interfaces in digital games	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rajinder S. Sodhi:Brett R. Jones:David Forsyth:Brian P. Bailey:Giuliano Maciocci	We present BeThere, a proof-of-concept system designed to explore 3D input for mobile collaborative interactions. With BeThere, we explore 3D gestures and spatial input which allow remote users to perform a variety of virtual interactions in a local user's physical environment. Our system is completely self-contained and uses depth sensors to track the location of a user's fingers as well as to capture the 3D shape of objects in front of the sensor. We illustrate the unique capabilities of our system through a series of interactions that allow users to control and manipulate 3D virtual content. We also provide qualitative feedback from a preliminary user study which confirmed that users can complete a shared collaborative task using our system.	BeThere: 3D mobile collaboration with spatial input	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jinha Lee:Alex Olwal:Hiroshi Ishii:Cati Boulanger	SpaceTop is a concept that fuses spatial 2D and 3D interactions in a single workspace. It extends the traditional desktop interface with interaction technology and visualization techniques that enable seamless transitions between 2D and 3D manipulations. SpaceTop allows users to type, click, draw in 2D, and directly manipulate interface elements that float in the 3D space above the keyboard. It makes it possible to easily switch from one modality to another, or to simultaneously use two modalities with different hands. We introduce hardware and software configurations for co-locating these various interaction modalities in a unified workspace using depth cameras and a transparent display. We describe new interaction and visualization techniques that allow users to interact with 2D elements floating in 3D space. We present the results from a preliminary user study that indicates the benefit of such hybrid workspaces.	SpaceTop: integrating 2D and spatial 3D interactions in a see-through desktop environment	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Ortega	This paper presents IUCA (Interaction Using Camera Animations), a new interaction technique for 3D objects manipulation. IUCA allows efficient interaction in a full-resolution perspective view by integrating transients animated transitions to orthographic views into the manipulation task. This provides an interaction in context, with precise object positioning and alignment. An evaluation of the technique shows that, compared to the classical configurations, IUCA allows to reduce pointing time by 14% on average. Testing with professional 3D designers and novice users indicate that IUCA is easy to use and to learn; and that users feel comfortable with it.	3D object position using automatic viewpoint transitions	NA	2018
Tapan Parikh	NA	Session details: Papers: crowdsourcing: people power	NA	2018
Jacki O'Neill:Shourya Roy:Antonietta Grasso:David Martin	This paper describes an ethnographic study of an outsourced business process - the digitization of healthcare forms. The aim of the study was to understand how the work is currently organized, with an eye to uncovering the research challenges which need to be addressed if that work is to be crowdsourced. The findings are organised under four emergent themes: Workplace Ecology, Data Entry Skills and Knowledge, Achieving Targets and Collaborative Working. For each theme a description of how the work is undertaken in the outsourcer's Indian office locations is given, followed by the implications for crowdsourcing that work. This research is a first step in understanding how crowdsourcing might be applied to BPO activities. The paper examines features specific to form digitization - extreme distribution and form decomposition - and lightly touches on the crowdsourcing of BPO work more generally.	Form digitization in BPO: from outsourcing to crowdsourcing?	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Steven Komarov:Katharina Reinecke:Krzysztof Z. Gajos	Online labor markets, such as Amazon's Mechanical Turk (MTurk), provide an attractive platform for conducting human subjects experiments because the relative ease of recruitment, low cost, and a diverse pool of potential participants enable larger-scale experimentation and faster experimental revision cycle compared to lab-based settings. However, because the experimenter gives up the direct control over the participants' environments and behavior, concerns about the quality of the data collected in online settings are pervasive. In this paper, we investigate the feasibility of conducting online performance evaluations of user interfaces with anonymous, unsupervised, paid participants recruited via MTurk. We implemented three performance experiments to re-evaluate three previously well-studied user interface designs. We conducted each experiment both in lab and online with participants recruited via MTurk. The analysis of our results did not yield any evidence of significant or substantial differences in the data collected in the two settings: All statistically significant differences detected in lab were also present on MTurk and the effect sizes were similar. In addition, there were no significant differences between the two settings in the raw task completion times, error rates, consistency, or the rates of utilization of the novel interaction mechanisms introduced in the experiments. These results suggest that MTurk may be a productive setting for conducting performance evaluations of user interfaces providing a complementary approach to existing methodologies.	Crowdsourcing performance evaluations of user interfaces	NA:NA:NA	2018
Parmit K. Chilana:Andrew J. Ko:Jacob O. Wobbrock:Tovi Grossman	We present a multi-site field study to evaluate LemonAid, a crowdsourced contextual help approach that allows users to retrieve relevant questions and answers by making selections within the interface. We deployed LemonAid on 4 different web sites used by thousands of users and collected data over several weeks, gathering over 1,200 usage logs, 168 exit surveys, and 36 one-on-one interviews. Our results indicate that over 70% of users found LemonAid to be helpful, intuitive, and desirable for reuse. Software teams found LemonAid easy to integrate with their sites and found the analytics data aggregated by LemonAid a novel way of learning about users' popular questions. Our work provides the first holistic picture of the adoption and use of a crowdsourced contextual help system and offers several insights into the social and organizational dimensions of implementing such help systems for real-world applications.	A multi-site field study of crowdsourced contextual help: usage and perspectives of end users and software teams	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Steven Dow:Elizabeth Gerber:Audris Wong	Industry relies on higher education to prepare students for careers in innovation. Fulfilling this obligation is especially difficult in classroom settings, which often lack authentic interaction with the outside world. Online crowdsourcing has the potential to change this. Our research explores if and how online crowds can support student learning in the classroom. We explore how scalable, diverse, immediate (and often ambiguous and conflicting) input from online crowds affects student learning and motivation for project-based innovation work. In a pilot study with three classrooms, we explore interactions with the crowd at four key stages of the innovation process: needfinding, ideating, testing, and pitching. Students reported that online crowds helped them quickly and inexpensively identify needs and uncover issues with early-stage prototypes, although they favored face-to-face interactions for more contextual feed-back. We share early evidence and discuss implications for creating a socio-technical infrastructure to more effectively use crowdsourcing in education.	A pilot study of using crowds in the classroom	NA:NA:NA	2018
James Fogarty	NA	Session details: Papers: multitouch and gesture	NA	2018
Jürgen Steimle:Andreas Jordt:Pattie Maes	Flexpad is an interactive system that combines a depth camera and a projector to transform sheets of plain paper or foam into flexible, highly deformable, and spatially aware handheld displays. We present a novel approach for tracking deformed surfaces from depth images in real time. It captures deformations in high detail, is very robust to occlusions created by the user's hands and fingers, and does not require any kind of markers or visible texture. As a result, the display is considerably more deformable than in previous work on flexible handheld displays, enabling novel applications that leverage the high expressiveness of detailed deformation. We illustrate these unique capabilities through three application examples: curved cross-cuts in volumetric images, deforming virtual paper characters, and slicing through time in videos. Results from two user studies show that our system is capable of detecting complex deformations and that users are able to perform them quickly and precisely.	Flexpad: highly flexible bending interactions for projected handheld displays	NA:NA:NA	2018
Qian Sun:Juncong Lin:Chi-Wing Fu:Sawako Kaijima:Ying He	Architectural sketching and massing are used by designers to analyze and explore the design space of buildings. This paper describes a novel multi-touch interface for fast architectural sketching and massing of tall buildings. It incorporates a family of multi-touch gestures, enabling one to quickly sketch the 2D contour of a base floor plan and extrude it to model a building with multi-floor structures. Further, it provides a set of gestures to users: select and edit a range of floors; scale contours of a building; copy, paste, and rotate a building, i.e., create a twisted structure; edit profile curves of a building's profile; and collapse and remove a selected range of floors. The multi-touch system also allows users to apply textures or geometric facades to the building, and to compare different designs side-by-side. To guide the design process, we describe interactions with a domain expert, a practicing architect. The final interface is evaluated by architects and students in an architecture Dept., which demonstrates that the system allows rapid conceptual design and massing of novel multi-story building structures.	A multi-touch interface for fast architectural sketching and massing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hao Lü:Yang Li	The prevalence of multi-touch devices opens the space for rich interactions. However, the complexity for creating multi-touch interactions hinders this potential. In this paper, we present Gesture Studio, a tool for creating multi-touch interaction behaviors by combining the strength of two distinct but complementary approaches: programming by demonstration and declaration. We employ an intuitive video-authoring metaphor for developers to demonstrate touch gestures, compose complicated behaviors, test these behaviors in the tool and export them as source code that can be integrated into the developers' project.	Gesture studio: authoring multi-touch interactions through demonstration and declaration	NA:NA	2018
Ju-Whan Kim:Tek-Jin Nam	Prototyping of gestural interactions in the early phase of design is one of the most challenging tasks for designers without advanced programming skills. Relating users' input from gesture-based sensor values requires a great deal of effort on the designer's part and disturbs their reflective and creative thinking. To deal with this problem, we present EventHurdle, a visual gesture-authoring tool to support designers' explorative prototyping. It supports remote gestures from a camera, handheld gestures with physical sensors, and touch gestures by utilizing touch screens. EventHurdle allows designers to visually define and modify gestures through interaction workspace and graphical markup language with hurdles. Because the created gestures can be integrated into a prototype as programming code and automatically recognized, designers do not need to pay attention in sensor-related implementation. Two user studies and a recognition test are reported to discuss the acceptance and implications of explorative prototyping tools for designers.	EventHurdle: supporting designers' exploratory interaction prototyping with gesture-based sensors	NA:NA	2018
Radu-Daniel Vatavu:Géry Casiez:Laurent Grisoni	We show that large consensus exists among users in the way they articulate stroke gestures at various scales (i.e., small, medium, and large), and formulate a simple rule that estimates the user-intended scale of input gestures with 87% accuracy. Our estimator can enhance current gestural interfaces by leveraging scale as a natural parameter for gesture input, reflective of user perception (i.e., no training required). Gesture scale can simplify gesture set design, improve gesture-to-function mappings, and reduce the need for users to learn and for recognizers to discriminate unnecessary symbols.	Small, medium, or large?: estimating the user-perceived scale of stroke gestures	NA:NA:NA	2018
Seongkook Heo:Geehyuk Lee	The possibility of using shear forces is being explored recently as a method to enrich touch screen interaction. However, most of the related studies are restricted to the case of single-point shear forces, possibly owing to the difficulty of independently sensing shear forces at multiple touch points. In this paper, we propose indirect methods to estimate shear forces using the movement of contact areas. These methods enable multi-point shear force estimation, where the estimation is done for each finger independently. We show the feasibility of these methods through an informal user study with a demo application utilizing these methods.	Indirect shear force estimation for multi-point shear force operations	NA:NA	2018
Lyn Bartram	NA	Session details: Papers: gaze	NA	2018
Sophie Stellmach:Raimund Dachselt	We investigate how to seamlessly bridge the gap between users and distant displays for basic interaction tasks, such as object selection and manipulation. For this, we take advantage of very fast and implicit, yet imprecise gaze- and head-directed input in combination with ubiquitous smartphones for additional manual touch control. We have carefully elaborated two novel and consistent sets of gaze-supported interaction techniques based on touch-enhanced gaze pointers and local magnification lenses. These conflict-free sets allow for fluently selecting and positioning distant targets. Both sets were evaluated in a user study with 16 participants. Overall, users were fastest with a touch-enhanced gaze pointer for selecting and positioning an object after some training. While the positive user feedback for both sets suggests that our proposed gaze- and head-directed interaction techniques are suitable for a convenient and fluent selection and manipulation of distant targets, further improvements are necessary for more precise cursor control.	Still looking: investigating seamless gaze-supported selection, positioning, and manipulation of distant targets	NA:NA	2018
Dereck Toker:Cristina Conati:Ben Steichen:Giuseppe Carenini	There is increasing evidence that users' characteristics such as cognitive abilities and personality have an impact on the effectiveness of information visualization techniques. This paper investigates the relationship between such characteristics and fine-grained user attention patterns. In particular, we present results from an eye tracking user study involving bar graphs and radar graphs, showing that a user's cognitive abilities such as perceptual speed and verbal working memory have a significant impact on gaze behavior, both in general and in relation to task difficulty and visualization type. These results are discussed in view of our long-term goal of designing information visualisation systems that can dynamically adapt to individual user characteristics.	Individual user characteristics and information visualization: connecting the dots through eye tracking	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andreas Bulling:Christian Weichel:Hans Gellersen	In this work we present EyeContext, a system to infer high-level contextual cues from human visual behaviour. We conducted a user study to record eye movements of four participants over a full day of their daily life, totalling 42.5 hours of eye movement data. Participants were asked to self-annotate four non-mutually exclusive cues: social (interacting with somebody vs. no interaction), cognitive (concentrated work vs. leisure), physical (physically active vs. not active), and spatial (inside vs. outside a building). We evaluate a proof-of-concept EyeContext system that combines encoding of eye movements into strings and a spectrum string kernel support vector machine (SVM) classifier. Our results demonstrate the large information content available in long-term human visual behaviour and opens up new venues for research on eye-based behavioural monitoring and life logging.	EyeContext: recognition of high-level contextual cues from human visual behaviour	NA:NA:NA	2018
Joong Ho Lee:Sei-young Kim:Hae Cheol Yoon:Bo Kyung Huh:Ji-Hyung Park	A video see-through head mounted display (HMD) has a different viewing point than does the real eye, resulting in visual displacement (VD). VD deteriorates visuomotor performance due to sensory conflict. Previous work has investigated this deterioration and human adaptation by comparing fixed VD and real eye conditions. In this study we go a step further to investigate whether any differences in visuomotor and adaptation trends exist across 16 distinct VD conditions. The performance tasks studied were of two types: foot placement and finger touch. In contrast to our initial prediction, the results showed equal task performance levels and adaptation within about 5 minutes regardless of VD conditions. We found that human adaptation covered a variety of VDs --- up to 55 mm in the X, Y direction; up to 125mm in the Z direction; and up to 140mm of interocular distance (IOD). In addition, we found that partial adaptation gave participants the interesting experience of a sense of body structure distortion for a few minutes.	A preliminary investigation of human adaptations for various virtual eyes in video see-through HMDS	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeffrey Bigham	NA	Session details: Papers: technologies for life 1	NA	2018
Lorna Gibson:Vicki L. Hanson	New mothers can experience social exclusion, particularly during the early weeks when infants are solely dependent on their mothers. We used ethnographic methods to investigate whether technology plays a role in supporting new mothers. Our research identified two core themes: (1) the need to improve confidence as a mother; and (2) the need to be more than \'18just' a mother. We reflect on these findings both in terms of those interested in designing applications and services for motherhood and also the wider CHI community.	Digital motherhood: how does technology help new mothers?	NA:NA	2018
James Nicholson:Lynne Coventry:Pam Briggs	Graphical authentication systems typically claim to be more usable than PIN or password-based systems, but these claims often follow limited, single-stage paradigm testing on a young, student population. We present a more demanding test paradigm in which multiple codes are learned and tested over a three-week period. We use this paradigm with two user populations, comparing the performance of younger and older adults. We first establish baseline performance in a study in which populations of younger and older adults learn PIN codes and we follow this with a second study in which younger and older adults use two face-based graphical authentication systems employing young faces vs. old faces as code components. As expected, older adults show relatively poor performance when compared to younger adults, irrespective of the authentication material, but this age-related deficit can be markedly reduced by the introduction of age-appropriate faces. We conclude firstly that this paradigm provides a good basis for the future evaluation of memory-based authentication systems and secondly that age-appropriate face-based authentication is viable in the security marketplace.	Age-related performance issues for PIN and face-based authentication systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Carolyn Lauckner:Gary Hsieh	Searching for health information online has become increasingly common, yet few studies have examined potential negative emotional effects of online health information search. We present results from an experiment manipulating the presentation of search results for common symptoms, which shows that the frequency and placement of serious illness mentions within results can influence perceptions of symptom severity and susceptibility of having the serious illness, respectively. The increase in severity and susceptibility can then lead to higher levels of negative emotional outcomes experienced--including feeling overwhelmed and frightened. Interestingly, health literacy can help reduce perceived symptom severity, and high online health experience actually increases the likelihood that individuals use a frequency-based heuristic. Technological implications and directions for future research are discussed.	The presentation of health-related search results and its impact on negative emotional outcomes	NA:NA	2018
Leah Findlater:Jon E. Froehlich:Kays Fattal:Jacob O. Wobbrock:Tanya Dastyar	Despite the apparent popularity of touchscreens for older adults, little is known about the psychomotor performance of these devices. We compared performance between older adults and younger adults on four desktop and touchscreen tasks: pointing, dragging, crossing and steering. On the touchscreen, we also examined pinch-to-zoom. Our results show that while older adults were significantly slower than younger adults in general, the touchscreen reduced this performance gap relative to the desktop and mouse. Indeed, the touchscreen resulted in a significant movement time reduction of 35% over the mouse for older adults, compared to only 16% for younger adults. Error rates also decreased.	Age-related differences in performance with touchscreens compared to traditional mouse input	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Shaun K. Kane:Brian Frey:Jacob O. Wobbrock	Gesture-based touch screen user interfaces, when designed to be accessible to blind users, can be an effective mode of interaction for those users. However, current accessible touch screen interaction techniques suffer from one serious limitation: they are only usable on devices that have been explicitly designed to support them. Access Lens is a new interaction method that uses computer vision-based gesture tracking to enable blind people to use accessible gestures on paper documents and other physical objects, such as product packages, device screens, and home appliances. This paper describes the development of Access Lens hardware and software, the iterative design of Access Lens in collaboration with blind computer users, and opportunities for future development.	Access lens: a gesture-based screen reader for real-world documents	NA:NA:NA	2018
Anthony Jameson	NA	Session details: Papers: evaluation methods 1	NA	2018
Gijs Huisman:Marco van Hout:Elisabeth van Dijk:Thea van der Geest:Dirk Heylen	In this paper the development process and validation of the LEMtool (Layered Emotion Measurement tool) are described. The LEMtool consists of eight images that display a cartoon figure expressing four positive and four negative emotions using facial expressions and body postures. The instrument can be used during interaction with a visual interface, such as a website, and allows participants to select elements of the interface that elicit a certain emotion. The images of the cartoon figure were submitted to a validation study, in which participants rated the recognizability of the images as specific emotions. All images were found to be recognizable above chance level. In another study, the LEMtool was used to assess visual appeal judgements of a number of web pages. The LEMtool ratings were supported by visual appeal ratings of web pages both for very brief (50 milliseconds) and for long (free-viewing) stimulus exposures. Furthermore, the instrument provided insight into the elements of the web pages that elicited the emotional responses.	LEMtool: measuring emotions in visual interfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Oded Nov:Ofer Arazy:Claudia López:Peter Brusilovsky	We present a theoretical foundation and empirical findings demonstrating the effectiveness of personality-targeted design. Much like a medical treatment applied to a person based on his specific genetic profile, we argue that theory-driven, personality-targeted UI design can be more effective than design applied to the entire population. The empirical exploration focused on two settings, two populations and two personality traits: Study 1 shows that users' extraversion level moderates the relationship between the UI cue of audience size and users' contribution. Study 2 demonstrates that the effectiveness of social anchors in encouraging online contributions depends on users' level of emotional stability. Taken together, the findings demonstrate the potential and robustness of the interactionist approach to UI design. The findings contribute to the HCI community, and in particular to designers of social systems, by providing guidelines to targeted design that can increase online participation.	Exploring personality-targeted UI design in online social participation systems	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Elaine Massung:David Coyle:Kirsten F. Cater:Marc Jay:Chris Preist	Community activist groups typically rely on core groups of highly motivated members. In this paper we consider how crowdsourcing strategies can be used to supplement the activities of pro-environmental community activists, thus increasing the scalability of their campaigns. We focus on mobile data collection applications and strategies that can be used to engage casual participants in pro-environmental data collection. We report the results of a study that used both quantitative and qualitative methods to investigate the impact of different motivational factors and strategies, including both intrinsic and extrinsic motivators. The study compared and provides empirical evidence for the effectiveness of two extrinsic motivation strategies, pointification - a subset of gamification - and financial incentives. Prior environmental interest is also assessed as an intrinsic motivation factor. In contrast to previous HCI research on pro-environmental technology, much of which has focused on individual behavior change, this paper offers new insights and recommendations on the design of systems that target groups and communities.	Using crowdsourcing to support pro-environmental community activism	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Thomas Reitmaier:Pierre Benz:Gary Marsden	This paper gives an interwoven account of the theoretical and practical work we undertook in pursuit of designing co-located interactions. We show how we sensitized ourselves to theory from diverse intellectual disciplines, to develop an analytical lens to better think about co-located interactions. By critiquing current systems and their conceptual foundations, and further interrelating theories particularly in regard to performative aspects of identity and communication, we develop a more nuanced way of thinking about co-located interactions. Drawing on our sensitivities, we show how we generated and are exploring, through the process of design, a set of co-located interactions that are situated within our social ecologies, and contend that our upfront theoretical work enabled us to identify and explore this space in the first place. This highlights the importance of problem framing, especially for projects adopting design methodologies.	Designing and theorizing co-located interactions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Koki Kusano:Momoko Nakatani:Takehiko Ohno	Clearly picturing user behavior is one of the key requirements when designing successful interactive software. However, covering all possible user behaviors with one UI is a complex challenge. The Scenario-based Interactive UI Design tool is designed to support the characterization of user behavior based on scenarios and then using the information in UI design. Scenarios make it easy to understand and share user behavior even if we have little design knowledge. However, they have two big weaknesses; 1) integrating several scenarios in one UI is difficult, even if we can create appropriate scenarios, 2) maintaining the links between scenarios and the UI is a heavy task in iterative design. Our tool solves the above problems through its hierarchical scenario structure and visualized overview of scenarios. It enhances the designer's skill in writing scenarios and designing UIs smoothly and easily.	Scenario-based interactive UI design	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yan Qu:Jun Zhang	In this paper, we propose a new analytic unit for human mobility analysis -- the patch. We developed a process to identify Regularly Visited Patches (RVP) and a set of metrics to characterize and measure their spatial patterns. Using a large dataset of Foursquare check-ins as a test bed, we show that RVP analysis reveals fundamental patterns of human mobility and will lead to promising research with strong implications for businesses.	Regularly visited patches in human mobility	NA:NA	2018
Andrea Parker	NA	Session details: Papers: co-design with users	NA	2018
Peter Dalsgaard:Eva Eriksson	In this paper, we present a case study of a participatory project that focuses on interaction in large-scale design, namely, the development of the new Urban Mediaspace Aarhus. This project, which has been under way for ten years, embodies a series of issues that arise when participatory design approaches are applied to large-scale, IT-oriented projects. At the same time, it highlights the issues public knowledge institutions face, when interactive technologies challenge their fundamental roles and practices; by extension, this case offers examples of how these challenges may be explored and addressed through IT-based participatory initiatives. We present a range of such activities carried out during the past ten years, and present the main lessons from the project, based on interviews with three key stakeholders. These lessons focus on how to make participation work in practice, how to align different paradigms of inquiry and practice in a project of this scale, and how to capture and anchor the insights from participatory events to inform the ongoing design process.	Large-scale participation: a case study of a participatory approach to developing a new public library	NA:NA	2018
Daisy Yoo:John Zimmerman:Tad Hirsch	Social computing provides a new way for citizens to engage with their public service. Our research investigates how social computing might support citizens co-design their transit service. We conducted a field study with public transit riders, exploring the issues and controversies that reveal conflicting communities. Our analyses revealed three insights. First, encourage citizens to share what they see as the rationale for current service offerings. Second, encourage citizens to share the consequences of current services and of proposed changes and new designs. Third, focus on producing a shared citizen and service provider understanding of what the goals and mission of the public service should be.	Probing bus stop for insights on transit co-design	NA:NA:NA	2018
Daisy Yoo:Alina Huldtgren:Jill Palzkill Woelfer:David G. Hendry:Batya Friedman	We introduce a design method for evolving a co-design space to support stakeholders untrained in design. Specifically, the purpose of the method is to expand and shape a co-design space so that stakeholders, acting as designers, focus not only on the form and function of a tool being envisioned but also on the social context of its use and values that lie with individuals, groups, and societies. The method introduces value sensitive stakeholder prompts and designer prompts into a co-design process, creating a particular kind of reflection-on-action cycle. The prompts provide a means for bringing empirical data on values and theoretical perspective into the co-design process. We present the method in terms of a general model, the Value Sensitive Action-Reflection Model; place the model within discourse on co-design spaces; and illustrate the model with a discussion of its application in a lo-fi prototyping activity around safety for homeless young people. We conclude with reflections on the model and method.	A value sensitive action-reflection model: evolving a co-design space with stakeholder and designer prompts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
John Vines:Rachel Clarke:Peter Wright:John McCarthy:Patrick Olivier	The term 'participation' is traditionally used in HCI to describe the involvement of users and stakeholders in design processes, with a pretext of distributing control to participants to shape their technological future. In this paper we ask whether these values can hold up in practice, particularly as participation takes on new meanings and incorporates new perspectives. We argue that much HCI research leans towards configuring participation. In exploring this claim we explore three questions that we consider important for understanding how HCI configures participation; Who initiates, directs and benefits from user participation in design? In what forms does user participation occur? How is control shared with users in design? In answering these questions we consider the conceptual, ethical and pragmatic problems this raises for current participatory HCI research. Finally, we offer directions for future work explicitly dealing with the configuration of participation.	Configuring participation: on how we involve people in design	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gahgene Gweon	NA	Session details: Papers: language and translation	NA	2018
Spence Green:Jeffrey Heer:Christopher D. Manning	Language translation is slow and expensive, so various forms of machine assistance have been devised. Automatic machine translation systems process text quickly and cheaply, but with quality far below that of skilled human translators. To bridge this quality gap, the translation industry has investigated post-editing, or the manual correction of machine output. We present the first rigorous, controlled analysis of post-editing and find that post-editing leads to reduced time and, surprisingly, improved quality for three diverse language pairs (English to Arabic, French, and German). Our statistical models and visualizations of experimental data indicate that some simple predictors (like source text part of speech counts) predict translation time, and that post-editing results in very different interaction patterns. From these results we distill implications for the design of new language translation interfaces.	The efficacy of human post-editing for language translation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ge Gao:Hao-Chuan Wang:Dan Cosley:Susan R. Fussell	Machine translation (MT) has the potential to allow members of multilingual organizations to interact via their own native languages, but issues with the quality of MT output have made it difficult to realize this potential. We hypothesized that highlighting keywords in MT output might make it easier for people to overlook translation errors and focus on what was intended by the message. To test this hypothesis, we conducted a laboratory experiment in which native English speakers interacted with a Mandarin-speaking confederate using machine translation. Participants performed three brainstorming tasks, under each of three conditions: no highlighting, keyword highlighting, and random highlighting. Our results indicated that people consider the identical messages clearer and less distracting when the keywords in the message are highlighted. Keyword highlighting also improved subjective impressions of the partner and the quality of the collaboration. These findings inform the design of future communication tools to support multilingual communications.	Same translation but different experience: the effects of highlighting on machine-translated conversations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yla R. Tausczik:James W. Pennebaker	We develop and evaluate a real-time language feedback system that monitors the communication patterns among students in a discussion group and provides real-time instructions to shape the way the group works together. As an initial step, we determine which group processes are related to better outcomes. We then experimentally test the efficacy of providing real-time instructions which target two of these group processes. The feedback system was successfully able to shape the way groups worked together. However, only appropriate feedback given to groups that were not working well together from the start was able to improve group performance.	Improving teamwork using real-time language feedback	NA:NA	2018
Darren Edge:Kai-Yin Cheng:Michael Whitney	Games that engage both mind and body by targeting users' kinesthetic intelligence have the potential to transform the activity of learning across a wide variety of domains. To investigate this potential in the context of second language learning, we have developed SpatialEase: a Kinect game for the body-based learning of language that is grounded in space and motion. In this game, learners respond to audio commands in the second language by moving their bodies in space, while a game mechanic based on distributed cued-recall supports learning over time. Our comparison of SpatialEase with the popular Rosetta Stone software for learner of Mandarin Chinese showed similar learning gains over a single session and generated several key implications for the future design of mixed-modality learning systems.	SpatialEase: learning language through body motion	NA:NA:NA	2018
Petra Isenberg	NA	Session details: Papers: brain sensing and analysis	NA	2018
Evan M M. Peck:Beste F. Yuksel:Alvitta Ottley:Robert J.K. Jacob:Remco Chang	We show how brain sensing can lend insight to the evaluation of visual interfaces and establish a role for fNIRS in visualization. Research suggests that the evaluation of visual design benefits by going beyond performance measures or questionnaires to measurements of the user's cognitive state. Unfortunately, objectively and unobtrusively monitoring the brain is difficult. While functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) has emerged as a practical brain sensing technology in HCI, visual tasks often rely on the brain's quick, massively parallel visual system, which may be inaccessible to this measurement. It is unknown whether fNIRS can distinguish differences in cognitive state that derive from visual design alone. In this paper, we use the classic comparison of bar graphs and pie charts to test the viability of fNIRS for measuring the impact of a visual design on the brain. Our results demonstrate that we can indeed measure this impact, and furthermore measurements indicate that there are not universal differences in bar graphs and pie charts.	Using fNIRS brain sensing to evaluate information visualization interfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Basak Alper:Benjamin Bach:Nathalie Henry Riche:Tobias Isenberg:Jean-Daniel Fekete	The analysis of brain connectivity is a vast field in neuroscience with a frequent use of visual representations and an increasing need for visual analysis tools. Based on an in-depth literature review and interviews with neuroscientists, we explore high-level brain connectivity analysis tasks that need to be supported by dedicated visual analysis tools. A significant example of such a task is the comparison of different connectivity data in the form of weighted graphs. Several approaches have been suggested for graph comparison within information visualization, but the comparison of weighted graphs has not been addressed. We explored the design space of applicable visual representations and present augmented adjacency matrix and node-link visualizations. To assess which representation best support weighted graph comparison tasks, we performed a controlled experiment. Our findings suggest that matrices support these tasks well, outperforming node-link diagrams. These results have significant implications for the design of brain connectivity analysis tools that require weighted graph comparisons. They can also inform the design of visual analysis tools in other domains, e.g. comparison of weighted social networks or biological pathways.	Weighted graph comparison techniques for brain connectivity analysis	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alex S. Taylor:Nir Piterman:Samin Ishtiaq:Jasmin Fisher:Byron Cook:Caitlin Cockerton:Sam Bourton:David Benque	Representing a new class of tool for biological modeling, Bio Model Analyzer (BMA) uses sophisticated computational techniques to determine stabilization in cellular networks. This paper presents designs aimed at easing the problems that can arise when such techniques - \'14using distinct approaches to conceptualizing networks\'14 - are applied in biology. The work also engages with more fundamental issues being discussed in the philosophy of science and science studies. It shows how scientific ways of knowing are constituted in routine interactions with tools like BMA, where the emphasis is on the practical business at hand, even when seemingly deep conceptual problems exist. For design, this perspective refigures the frictions raised when computation is used to model biology. Rather than obstacles, they can be seen as opportunities for opening up different ways of knowing.	At the interface of biology and computation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Krzysztof Gajos	NA	Session details: Papers: crowdwork and online communities	NA	2018
Michael Muller:Werner Geyer:Todd Soule:Steven Daniels:Li-Te Cheng	We describe a first experiment in enterprise crowdfunding - i.e., employees allocating money for employee-initiated proposals at an Intranet site, including a trial of this system with 511 employees in IBM Research. Major outcomes include: employee proposals that addressed diverse individual and organizational needs; high participation rates; extensive inter-departmental collaboration, including the discovery of large numbers of previously unknown collaborators; and the development of goals and motivations based on collective concerns at multiple levels of project groups, communities of practice, and the organization as a whole. We recommend further, comparative research into crowd-funding and other forms of employee-initiated innovations.	Crowdfunding inside the enterprise: employee-initiatives for innovation and collaboration	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tara Matthews:Steve Whittaker:Hernan Badenes:Barton A. Smith:Michael Muller:Kate Ehrlich:Michelle X. Zhou:Tessa Lau	Online communities are increasingly being deployed in enterprises to increase productivity and share expertise. Community leaders are critical for fostering successful communities, but existing technologies rarely support leaders directly, both because of a lack of clear data about leader needs, and because existing tools are member- rather than leader-centric. We present the evidence-based design and evaluation of a novel tool for community leaders, Community Insights (CI). CI provides actionable analytics that help community leaders foster healthy communities, providing value to both members and the organization. We describe empirical and system contributions derived from a long-term deployment of CI to leaders of 470 communities over 10 months. Empirical contributions include new data showing: (a) which metrics are most useful for leaders to assess community health, (b) the need for and how to design actionable metrics, (c) the need for and how to design contextualized analytics to support sensemaking about community data. These findings motivate a novel community system that provides leaders with useful, actionable and contextualized analytics.	Community insights: helping community leaders enhance the value of enterprise online communities	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anbang Xu:Jilin Chen:Tara Matthews:Michael Muller:Hernan Badenes	Online communities are important in enterprises, helping workers to build skills and collaborate. Despite their unique and critical role fostering successful communities, community leaders have little direct support in existing technologies. We introduce CommunityCompare, an interactive visual analytic system to enable leaders to make sense of their community's activity with comparisons. Composed of a parallel coordinates plot, various control widgets, and a preview of example posts from communities, the system supports comparisons with hundreds of related communities on multiple metrics and the ability to learn by example. We motivate and inform the system design with formative interviews of community leaders. From additional interviews, a field deployment, and surveys of leaders, we show how the system enabled leaders to assess community performance in the context of other comparable communities, learn about community dynamics through data exploration, and identify examples of top performing communities from which to learn. We conclude by discussing how our system and design lessons generalize.	CommunityCompare: visually comparing communities for online community leaders in the enterprise	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Uichin Lee:Jihyoung Kim:Eunhee Yi:Juyup Sung:Mario Gerla	Despite the popularity of mobile pay-for-answer Q&A services, little is known about the people who answer questions on these services. In this paper we examine 18.8 million question and answer pairs from Jisiklog, the largest mobile pay-foranswer Q&A service in Korea, and the results of a complementary survey study of 245 Jisiklog workers. The data are used to investigate key motivators of participation, working strategies of experienced users, and longitudinal interaction dynamics. We find that answerers are rarely motivated by social factors but are motivated by financial incentives and intrinsic motives. Additionally, although answers are provided quickly, an answerer's topic selection tends to be broad, with experienced workers employing unique strategies to answer questions and judge relevance. Finally, analysis of longitudinal working patterns and community dynamics demonstrate the robustness of mobile pay-for-answer Q&A. These findings have significant implications on the design of mobile pay-for-answer Q&A.	Analyzing crowd workers in mobile pay-for-answer q&a	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Dunlop	NA	Session details: Papers: keyboards and hotkeys	NA	2018
Xiaojun Bi:Shiri Azenkot:Kurt Partridge:Shumin Zhai	The time and labor demanded by a typical laboratory-based keyboard evaluation are limiting resources for algorithmic adjustment and optimization. We propose Remulation, a complementary method for evaluating touchscreen keyboard correction and recognition algorithms. It replicates prior user study data through real-time, on-device simulation. We have developed Octopus, a Remulation-based evaluation tool that enables keyboard developers to efficiently measure and inspect the impact of algorithmic changes without conducting resource-intensive user studies. It can also be used to evaluate third-party keyboards in a "black box" fashion, without access to their algorithms or source code. Octopus can evaluate both touch keyboards and word-gesture keyboards. Two empirical examples show that Remulation can efficiently and effectively measure many aspects of touch screen keyboards at both macro and micro levels. Additionally, we contribute two new metrics to measure keyboard accuracy at the word level: the Ratio of Error Reduction (RER) and the Word Score.	Octopus: evaluating touchscreen keyboard correction and recognition algorithms via	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sunjun Kim:Jeongmin Son:Geehyuk Lee:Hwan Kim:Woohun Lee	A physical keyboard key has three states, whereas a touch screen usually has only two. Due to this difference, the state corresponding to the touched state of a physical key is missing in a touch screen keyboard. This touched state is an important factor in the usability of a keyboard. In order to recover the role of a touched state in a touch screen, we propose the TapBoard, a touch screen software keyboard that regards tapping actions as keystrokes and other touches as the touched state. In a series of user studies, we validate the effectiveness of the TapBoard concept. First, we show that tapping to type is in fact compatible with the existing typing skill of most touch screen keyboard users. Second, users quickly adapt to the TapBoard and learn to rest their fingers in the touched state. Finally, we confirm by a controlled experiment that there is no difference in text-entry performance between the TapBoard and a traditional touch screen software keyboard. In addition to these experimental results, we demonstrate a few new interaction techniques that will be made possible by the TapBoard.	TapBoard: making a touch screen keyboard more touchable	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gilles Bailly:Thomas Pietrzak:Jonathan Deber:Daniel J. Wigdor	Hotkeys are an efficient method of selecting commands on a keyboard. However, these shortcuts are often underused by users. We present Métamorphe, a novel keyboard with keys that can be individually raised and lowered to promote hotkeys usage. Métamorphe augments the output of traditional keyboards with haptic and visual feedback, and offers a novel design space for user input on raised keys (e.g., gestures such as squeezing or pushing the sides of a key). We detail the implementation of Métamorphe and discuss design factors. We also report two user studies. The first is a user-defined interface study that shows that the new input vocabulary is usable and useful, and provides insights into the mental models that users associate with raised keys. The second user study shows improved eyes-free selection performance for raised keys as well as the surrounding unraised keys.	Métamorphe: augmenting hotkey usage with actuated keys	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sylvain Malacria:Gilles Bailly:Joel Harrison:Andy Cockburn:Carl Gutwin	Keyboard shortcuts allow fast interaction, but they are known to be infrequently used, with most users relying heavily on traditional pointer-based selection for most commands. We describe the goals, design, and evaluation of ExposeHK, a new interface mechanism that aims to increase hotkey use. ExposeHK's four key design goals are: 1) enable users to browse hotkeys; 2) allow non-expert users to issue hotkey commands as a physical rehearsal of expert performance; 3) exploit spatial memory to assist non-expert users in identifying hotkeys; and 4) maximise expert performance by using consistent shortcuts in a flat command hierarchy. ExposeHK supports these objectives by displaying hotkeys overlaid on their associated commands when a modifier key is pressed. We evaluated ExposeHK in three empirical studies using toolbars, menus, and a tabbed \'18ribbon' toolbar. Results show that participants used more hotkeys, and used them more often, with ExposeHK than with other techniques; they were faster with ExposeHK than with either pointing or other hotkey methods; and they strongly preferred ExposeHK. Our research shows that ExposeHK can substantially improve the user's transition from a \'18beginner mode' of interaction to a higher level of expertise.	Promoting Hotkey use through rehearsal with ExposeHK	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Edward Lank	NA	Session details: Papers: flexible displays	NA	2018
Antonio Gomes:Andrea Nesbitt:Roel Vertegaal	We present MorePhone, an actuated flexible smartphone with a thin-film E Ink display. MorePhone uses shape memory alloys to actuate the entire surface of the display as well as individual corners. We conducted a participatory study to determine how users associate urgency and notification type with full screen, 1 corner, 2 corner and 3 corner actuations of the smartphone. Results suggest that with the current prototype, actuated shape notifications are useful for visual feedback. Urgent notifications such as alarms and voice calls were best matched with actuation of the entire display surface, while less urgent notifications, such as software notifications were best matched to individual corner bends. While different corner actuations resulted in significantly different matches between notification types, medium urgency notification types were treated as similar, and best matched to a single corner bend. A follow-up study suggested that users prefer to dedicate each corner to a specific type of notification. Users would like to personalize the assignment of corners to notification type. Animation of shape actuation significantly increased the perceived urgency of any of the presented shapes.	MorePhone: a study of actuated shape deformations for flexible thin-film smartphone notifications	NA:NA:NA	2018
Anne Roudaut:Abhijit Karnik:Markus Löchtefeld:Sriram Subramanian	We introduce the term shape resolution, which adds to the existing definitions of screen and touch resolution. We propose a framework, based on a geometric model (Non-Uniform Rational B-splines), which defines a metric for shape resolution in ten features. We illustrate it by comparing the current related work of shape changing devices. We then propose the concept of Morphees that are self-actuated flexible mobile devices adapting their shapes on their own to the context of use in order to offer better affordances. For instance, when a game is launched, the mobile device morphs into a console-like shape by curling two opposite edges to be better grasped with two hands. We then create preliminary prototypes of Morphees in order to explore six different building strategies using advanced shape changing materials (dielectric electro active polymers and shape memory alloys). By comparing the shape resolution of our prototypes, we generate insights to help designers toward creating high shape resolution Morphees.	Morphees: toward high "shape resolution" in self-actuated flexible mobile devices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sunao Hashimoto:Ryohei Suzuki:Youichi Kamiyama:Masahiko Inami:Takeo Igarashi	This paper introduces an input and output device that enables illumination, bi-directional data communication, and position sensing on a soft cloth. This "LightCloth" is woven from diffusive optical fibers. Since the fibers are arranged in parallel, the cloth has one-dimensional position information. Sensor-emitter pairs attached to bundles of contiguous fibers enable bundle-specific light input and output. We developed a prototype system that allows full-color illumination and 8-bit data input by infrared signals. We present as an application a chair with a LightCloth cover whose illumination pattern is specified using an infrared light pen. Here we describe the implementation details of the device and discuss possible interactions using the device.	LightCloth: senseable illuminating optical fiber cloth for creating interactive surfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kristen Warren:Jessica Lo:Vaibhav Vadgama:Audrey Girouard	Bend gestures have a large number of degrees of freedom and therefore offer a rich interaction language. We propose a classification scheme for bend gestures, and explore how users perform these bend gestures along four classification criterion: location, direction, size, and angle. We collected 36 unique bend gestures performed three times by each participant. The results suggest a strong agreement among participants for preferences of location and direction. Size and angle were difficult for users to differentiate. Finally, users performed and perceived two distinct levels of magnitude. We propose recommendations for designing bend gestures with flexible displays.	Bending the rules: bend gesture classification for flexible displays	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Steven Dow	NA	Session details: Papers: smart tools, smart work	NA	2018
Lilly C. Irani:M. Six Silberman	As HCI researchers have explored the possibilities of human computation, they have paid less attention to ethics and values of crowdwork. This paper offers an analysis of Amazon Mechanical Turk, a popular human computation system, as a site of technically mediated worker-employer relations. We argue that human computation currently relies on worker invisibility. We then present Turkopticon, an activist system that allows workers to publicize and evaluate their relationships with employers. As a common infrastructure, Turkopticon also enables workers to engage one another in mutual aid. We conclude by discussing the potentials and challenges of sustaining activist technologies that intervene in large, existing socio-technical systems.	Turkopticon: interrupting worker invisibility in amazon mechanical turk	NA:NA	2018
Shih-Wen Huang:Wai-Tat Fu	This paper studied how social transparency and different peer-dependent reward schemes (i.e., individual, teamwork, and competition) affect the outcomes of crowdsourcing. The results showed that when social transparency was increased by asking otherwise anonymous workers to share their demographic information (e.g., name, nationality) to the paired worker, they performed significantly better. A more detailed analysis showed that in a teamwork reward scheme, in which the reward of the paired workers depended only on the collective outcomes, increasing social transparency could offset effects of social loafing by making them more accountable to their teammates. In a competition reward scheme, in which workers competed against each other and the reward depended on how much they outperformed their opponent, increasing social transparency could augment effects of social facilitation by providing more incentives for them to outperform their opponent. The results suggested that a careful combination of methods that increase social transparency and different reward schemes can significantly improve crowdsourcing outcomes.	Don't hide in the crowd!: increasing social transparency between peer workers improves crowdsourcing outcomes	NA:NA	2018
Kotaro Hara:Vicki Le:Jon Froehlich	Poorly maintained sidewalks, missing curb ramps, and other obstacles pose considerable accessibility challenges; however, there are currently few, if any, mechanisms to determine accessible areas of a city a priori. In this paper, we investigate the feasibility of using untrained crowd workers from Amazon Mechanical Turk (turkers) to find, label, and assess sidewalk accessibility problems in Google Street View imagery. We report on two studies: Study 1 examines the feasibility of this labeling task with six dedicated labelers including three wheelchair users; Study 2 investigates the comparative performance of turkers. In all, we collected 13,379 labels and 19,189 verification labels from a total of 402 turkers. We show that turkers are capable of determining the presence of an accessibility problem with 81% accuracy. With simple quality control methods, this number increases to 93%. Our work demonstrates a promising new, highly scalable method for acquiring knowledge about sidewalk accessibility.	Combining crowdsourcing and google street view to identify street-level accessibility problems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mohamed Musthag:Deepak Ganesan	The ubiquity of smartphones has led to the emergence of mobile crowdsourcing markets, where smartphone users participate to perform tasks in the physical world. Mobile crowdsourcing markets are uniquely different from their online counterparts in that they require spatial mobility, and are therefore impacted by geographic factors and constraints that are not present in the online case. Despite the emergence and importance of such mobile marketplaces, little to none is known about the labor dynamics and mobility patterns of agents. This paper provides an in-depth exploration of labor dynamics in mobile task markets based on a year-long dataset from a leading mobile crowdsourcing platform. We find that a small core group of workers (< 10%) account for a disproportionately large proportion of activity (> 80%) generated in the market. We find that these super agents are more efficient than other agents across several dimensions: a) they are willing to move longer distances to perform tasks, yet they amortize travel across more tasks, b) they work and search for tasks more efficiently, c) they have higher data quality in terms of accepted submissions, and d) they improve in almost all of these efficiency measures over time. We find that super agent efficiency stems from two simple optimizations --- they are 3x more likely than other agents to chain tasks and they pick fewer lower priced tasks than other agents. We compare mobile and online micro-task markets, and discuss differences in demographics, data quality, and time of use, as well as similarities in super agent behavior. We conclude with a discussion of how a mobile micro-task market might leverage some of our results to improve performance.	Labor dynamics in a mobile micro-task market	NA:NA	2018
Andrew Ko	NA	Session details: Papers: creating and authoring	NA	2018
Nicholas Davis:Alexander Zook:Brian O'Neill:Brandon Headrick:Mark Riedl:Ashton Grosz:Michael Nitsche	Machinima is a new form of creative digital filmmaking that leverages the real time graphics rendering of computer game engines. Because of the low barrier to entry, machinima has become a popular creative medium for hobbyists and novices while still retaining borrowed conventions from professional filmmaking. Can novice machinima creators benefit from creativity support tools? A preliminary study shows novices generally have difficulty adhering to cinematographic conventions. We identify and document four cinematic conventions novices typically violate. We report on a Wizard-of-Oz study showing a rule-based intelligent system that can reduce the frequency of errors that novices make by providing information about rule violations without prescribing solutions. We discuss the role of error reduction in creativity support tools.	Creativity support for novice digital filmmaking	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kening Zhu:Shengdong Zhao	AutoGami is a toolkit for designing automated movable paper craft using the technology of selective inductive power transmission. AutoGami has hardware and software components that allow users to design and implement automated movable paper craft without any prerequisite knowledge of electronics; it also supports rapid prototyping. Apart from developing the toolkit, we have analyzed the design space of movable paper craft and developed a taxonomy to facilitate the design of automated paper craft. AutoGami made consistently strong showings in design workshops, confirming its viability in supporting engagement and creativity as well as its usability in storytelling through paper craft. Additional highlights include rapid prototyping of product design as well as interaction design such as human-robot interactions.	AutoGami: a low-cost rapid prototyping toolkit for automated movable paper craft	NA:NA	2018
Darren Edge:Joan Savage:Koji Yatani	Presentations are a crucial form of modern communication, yet there is a dissonance between everyday practices with presentation tools and best practices from the presentation literature. We conducted a grounded theory study to gain a better understanding of the activity of presenting, discovering the potential for a more dynamic, automated, and story-centered approach to prototyping slide presentations that are themselves dynamic in their ability to help presenters rehearse and deliver their story. Our prototype tool for dynamic presentation prototyping, which we call HyperSlides, uses a simple markup language for the creation of hierarchically structured scenes, which are algorithmically transformed into hyperlinked slides of a consistent and minimalist style. Our evaluation suggests that HyperSlides helps idea organization, saves authoring time, creates aesthetic layouts, and supports more flexible rehearsal and delivery than linear slides, at the expense of reduced layout control and increased navigation demands.	HyperSlides: dynamic presentation prototyping	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yefeng Liu:Darren Edge:Koji Yatani	Presentation authoring is an important activity, but often requires the secondary task of collecting the information and media necessary for both slides and speech. Integration of implicit search and peripheral displays into presentation authoring tools may reduce the effort to satisfy not just active needs the author is aware of, but also latent needs that she is not aware of until she encounters content of perceived value. We develop SidePoint, a peripheral panel that supports presentation authoring by showing concise knowledge items relevant to the slide content. We study SidePoint as a technology probe to examine the benefits and issues associated with peripheral knowledge panels for presentation authoring. Our results show that peripheral knowledge panels have the potential to satisfy both types of needs in ways that transform presentation authoring for the better.	SidePoint: a peripheral knowledge panel for presentation slide authoring	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lennart Nacke	NA	Session details: Papers: exploring games	NA	2018
Max Birk:Regan L. Mandryk	Whether they are made to entertain you, or to educate you, good video games engage you. Significant research has tried to understand engagement in games by measuring player experience (PX). Traditionally, PX evaluation has focused on the enjoyment of game, or the motivation of players; these factors no doubt contribute to engagement, but do decisions regarding play environment (e.g., the choice of game controller) affect the player more deeply than that? We apply self-determination theory (specifically satisfaction of needs and self-discrepancy represented using the five factors model of personality) to explain PX in an experiment with controller type as the manipulation. Our study shows that there are a number of effects of controller on PX and in-game player personality. These findings provide both a lens with which to view controller effects in games and a guide for controller choice in the design of new games. Our research demonstrates that including self-characteristics assessment in the PX evaluation toolbox is valuable and useful for understanding player experience.	Control your game-self: effects of controller type on enjoyment, motivation, and personality in game	NA:NA	2018
Jeff Huang:Thomas Zimmermann:Nachiappan Nagapan:Charles Harrison:Bruce C. Phillips	How do video game skills develop, and what sets the top players apart? We study this question of skill through a rating generated from repeated multiplayer matches called TrueSkill. Using these ratings from 7 months of games from over 3 million players, we look at how play intensity, breaks in play, skill change over time, and other games affect skill. These analyzed factors are then combined to model future skill and games played; the results show that skill change in early matches is a useful metric for modeling future skill, while play intensity explains eventual games played. The best players in the 7-month period, who we call "Master Blasters", have varied skill patterns that often run counter to the trends we see for typical players. The data analysis is supplemented with a 70 person survey to explore how players' self-perceptions compare to the gameplay data; most survey responses align well with the data and provide insight into player beliefs and motivation. Finally, we wrap up with a discussion about hiding skill information from players, and implications for game designers.	Mastering the art of war: how patterns of gameplay influence skill in Halo	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
T.C. Nicholas Graham:Irina Schumann:Mrunal Patel:Quentin Bellay:Raimund Dachselt	Players of digital games are limited by the constraints of the game's implementation. Players cannot fly a kite, plant a tree or make friends with a dragon if these activities were not coded within the game. Game orchestration relaxes these restrictions by allowing players to create game narratives and settings as the game is being played. This enables players to express their creativity beyond the strictures of the game's implementation. We present Tabula Rasa, a novel game orchestration tool based on an efficient tabletop interface. Based on a study of 20 game orchestration sessions using Tabula Rasa, we identify five behavioural patterns adopted by orchestrators, and four styles of collaborative interaction between orchestrators and players. Finally, we present recommendations for designers of game orchestration systems.	Villains, architects and micro-managers: what tabula rasa teaches us about game orchestration	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tamara Peyton:Alyson L. Young:Wayne Lutters	Ad-hoc virtual teams often lack tools to formalize leadership and structure collaboration, yet they are often successful. How does this happen? We argue that the emergence of leadership and the development of expertise occurs in the process of taking action and in direct response to a lack of structure. Using a twinned set of eight modality sliders, we examine the interactions of fourteen players in an alternate reality game. We find that players adopted military language and culture to structure and arrange their play. We determine that it is critical to account for the context of play across these modalities in order to design appropriately for effective in-game virtual organizing.	Playing with leadership and expertise: military tropes and teamwork in an arg	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sriram Subramanian	NA	Session details: Papers: tables and floors	NA	2018
Alan Bränzel:Christian Holz:Daniel Hoffmann:Dominik Schmidt:Marius Knaust:Patrick Lühne:René Meusel:Stephan Richter:Patrick Baudisch	We explore how to track people and furniture based on a high-resolution pressure-sensitive floor. Gravity pushes people and objects against the floor, causing them to leave imprints of pressure distributions across the surface. While the sensor is limited to sensing direct contact with the surface, we can sometimes conclude what takes place above the surface, such as users' poses or collisions with virtual objects. We demonstrate how to extend the range of this approach by sensing through passive furniture that propagates pressure to the floor. To explore our approach, we have created an 8 m2 back-projected floor prototype, termed GravitySpace, a set of passive touch-sensitive furniture, as well as algorithms for identifying users, furniture, and poses. Pressure-based sensing on the floor offers four potential benefits over camera-based solutions: (1) it provides consistent coverage of rooms wall-to-wall, (2) is less susceptible to occlusion between users, (3) allows for the use of simpler recognition algorithms, and (4) intrudes less on users' privacy.	GravitySpace: tracking users and their poses in a smart room using a pressure-sensing floor	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Steven W.T. Sutcliffe:Zenja Ivkovic:David R. Flatla:Andriy Pavlovych:Ian Stavness:Carl Gutwin	Object handoff - that is, passing an object or tool to another person - is an extremely common activity in collaborative tabletop work. On digital tables, object handoff is typically accomplished by sliding them on the table surface - but surface-only interactions can be slow and error-prone, particularly when there are multiple people carrying out multiple handoffs. An alternative approach is to use the space above the table for object handoff; this provides more room to move, but requires above-surface tracking. We have developed two above-the-surface handoff techniques that use simple and inexpensive tracking: a force-field technique that uses a depth camera to determine hand proximity, and an electromagnetic-field technique called ElectroTouch that provides positive indication when people touch hands over the table. We compared the new techniques to three kinds of surface-only handoff (sliding, flicking, and surface-only Force-Fields). The study showed that the above-surface techniques significantly improved both speed and accuracy, and that ElectroTouch was the best technique overall. This work provides designers with practical new techniques for substantially increasing performance and interaction richness on digital tables.	Improving digital handoff using the space above the table	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Simon Voelker:Chat Wacharamanotham:Jan Borchers	Indirect touch systems combine a horizontal touch input surface with a vertical display for output. While this division is ergonomically superior to simple direct-touch displays for many tasks, users are no longer looking at their hands when touching. This requires the system to support an intermediate \'1ctracking\'1d state that lets users aim at objects without triggering a selection, similar to the hover state in mouse-based UIs. We present an empirical analysis of several interaction techniques for indirect touch systems to switch to this intermediate state, and derive design recommendations for incorporating it into such systems.	An evaluation of state switching methods for indirect touch systems	NA:NA:NA	2018
Max Möllers:Norbert Dumont:Stefan Ladwig:Jan Borchers	Touch interfaces provide great flexibility in designing an UI. However, the actual experience is often frustrating due to bad touch recognition. On small systems, we can analyze yaw, roll, and pitch of the finger to increase touch accuracy for a single touch. On larger systems, we need to take additional factors into account as users have more flexibility for their limb posture and need to aim over larger distances. Thus, we investigated how people perform touch sequences on those large touch surfaces. We show that the relative location of the predecessor of a touch has a significant impact on the orientation and position of the touch ellipsis. We exploited this effect on an off-the-shelf touch display and showed that with only minimal preparation the touch accuracy of standard hardware can be improved by at least 7%, allowing better recognition rates or more UI components on the same screen.	Improving touch accuracy on large tabletops using predecessor and successor	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Diana Nowacka:Karim Ladha:Nils Y. Hammerla:Daniel Jackson:Cassim Ladha:Enrico Rukzio:Patrick Olivier	We present a novel approach to graspable interfaces using Touchbugs, actuated physical objects for interacting with interactive surface computing applications. Touchbugs are active tangibles that are able to move across surfaces by employing vibrating motors and can communicate with camera based multi-touch surfaces using infrared LEDs. Touchbug's embedded inertial sensors and computational capabilities open a new interaction space by providing autonomous capabilities for tangibles that allow goal directed behavior.	Touchbugs: actuated tangibles on multi-touch tables	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Deborah Tatar	NA	Session details: Papers: design for classrooms 1	NA	2018
Paul Denny	Badge-based achievement systems are being used increasingly to drive user participation and engagement across a variety of platforms and contexts. Despite positive anecdotal reports, there is currently little empirical evidence to support their efficacy in particular domains. With the recent rapid growth of tools for online learning, an interesting open question for educators is the extent to which badges can positively impact student participation. In this paper, we report on a large-scale (n > 1000) randomized, controlled experiment measuring the impact of incorporating a badge-based achievement system within an online learning tool. We discover a highly significant positive effect on the quantity of students' contributions, without a corresponding reduction in their quality, as well as on the period of time over which students engaged with the tool. Students enjoyed being able to earn badges, and indicated a strong preference for having them available in the user interface.	The effect of virtual achievements on student engagement	NA	2018
Erik Andersen:Sumit Gulwani:Zoran Popovic	A key challenge in teaching a procedural skill is finding an effective progression of example problems that the learner can solve in order to internalize the procedure. In many learning domains, generation of such problems is typically done by hand and there are few tools to help automate this process. We reduce this effort by borrowing ideas from test input generation in software engineering. We show how we can use execution traces as a framework for abstracting the characteristics of a given procedure and defining a partial ordering that reflects the relative difficulty of two traces. We also show how we can use this framework to analyze the completeness of expert-designed progressions and fill in holes. Furthermore, we demonstrate how our framework can automatically synthesize new problems by generating large sets of problems for elementary and middle school mathematics and synthesizing hundreds of levels for a popular algebra-learning game. We present the results of a user study with this game confirming that our partial ordering can predict user evaluation of procedural difficulty better than baseline methods.	A trace-based framework for analyzing and synthesizing educational progressions	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rosta Farzan:Robert E. Kraut	Over the last decade, a citizen science movement has tried to engage students, laymen and other non-scientists in the production of science. However, there has been less attention in citizen science projects to use the public to disseminate scientific knowledge. Wikipedia provides a platform to study engagement of citizen scientists in knowledge dissemination. College and university students are especially appropriate members of the public to write science articles, because of the course-work and mentorship they receive from faculty. This paper describes a project to support students' writing of scientific articles in Wikipedia. In collaboration with a scientific association, we involved 640 students from 36 courses in editing scientific articles on Wikipedia. This paper provides details in the design of the program and our quantitative and qualitative approaches to evaluating it. Our results show that the Wikipedia classroom experiment benefits both the Wikipedia community and students. Undergraduate and graduate students substantially improved the scientific content of over 800 articles, at a level of quality indistinguishable from content written by PhD experts. Both students and faculty endorsed the motivational benefits of an authentic writing experience that would be read by thousands of people.	Wikipedia classroom experiment: bidirectional benefits of students' engagement in online production communities	NA:NA	2018
Andrew Cross:Mydhili Bayyapunedi:Edward Cutrell:Anant Agarwal:William Thies	Recent years have seen enormous growth of online educational videos, spanning K-12 tutorials to university lectures. As this content has grown, so too has grown the number of presentation styles. Some educators have strong allegiance to handwritten recordings (using pen and tablet), while others use only typed (PowerPoint) presentations. In this paper, we present the first systematic comparison of these two presentation styles and how they are perceived by viewers. Surveys on edX and Mechanical Turk suggest that users enjoy handwriting because it is personal and engaging, yet they also enjoy typeface because it is clear and legible. Based on these observations, we propose a new presentation style, TypeRighting, that combines the benefits of handwriting and typeface. Each phrase is written by hand, but fades into typeface soon after it appears. Our surveys suggest that about 80% of respondents prefer TypeRighting over handwriting. The same fraction of respondents prefer TypeRighting over typeface, for videos in which the handwriting is sufficiently legible.	TypeRighting: combining the benefits of handwriting and typeface in online educational videos	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeremy Birnholtz:Jeff Hancock:Daniela Retelny	Motivating students to be active learners is a perennial problem in education, and is particularly challenging in lectures where instructors typically prepare content in ad-vance with little direct student participation. We describe our experience using Twitter as a tool for student "co-construction" of lecture materials. Students were required to post a tweet prior to each lecture related to that day's topic, and these tweets -- consisting of questions, examples and reflections -- were incorporated into the lecture slides and notes. Students reported that they found lectures including their tweets in the class slides to be engaging, interactive and relevant, and nearly 90% of them recommended we use our co-construction approach again.	Tweeting for class: co-construction as a means for engaging students in lectures	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jaime Teevan	NA	Session details: Papers: crowds and activism	NA	2018
Kate Starbird	This study examines the information-processing activities of digital volunteers and other connected ICT users in the wake of crisis events. Synthesizing findings from several previous research studies of digital volunteerism, this paper offers a new approach for conceptualizing the activities of digital volunteers, shifting from a focus on organizing to a focus on information movement. Using the lens of distributed cognition, this research describes collective intelligence as transformations of information within a system where cognition is distributed socially across individuals as well as through their tools and resources. This paper demonstrates how digital volunteers, through activities such as relaying, amplifying, verifying, and structuring information, function as a collectively intelligent cognitive system in the wake of disaster events.	Delivering patients to sacré coeur: collective intelligence in digital volunteer communities	NA	2018
Yu-Hao Lee:Gary Hsieh	In this paper we explore how the decision of partaking in low-cost, low-risk online activism - slacktivism - \'14may affect subsequent civic action. Based on moral balancing and consistency effects, we designed an online experiment to test if signing or not signing an online petition increased or decreased subsequent contribution to a charity. We found that participants who signed the online petition were significantly more likely to donate money to a related charity, demonstrating a consistency effect. We also found that participants who did not sign the petition donated significantly more money to an unrelated charity, demonstrating a moral balancing effect. The results suggest that exposure to an online activism influences individual decision on subsequent civic actions.	Does slacktivism hurt activism?: the effects of moral balancing and consistency in online activism	NA:NA	2018
C.J. Hutto:Sarita Yardi:Eric Gilbert	Follower count is important to Twitter users: it can indicate popularity and prestige. Yet, holistically, little is understood about what factors -- like social behavior, message content, and network structure - lead to more followers. Such information could help technologists design and build tools that help users grow their audiences. In this paper, we study 507 Twitter users and a half-million of their tweets over 15 months. Marrying a longitudinal approach with a negative binomial auto-regression model, we find that variables for message content, social behavior, and network structure should be given equal consideration when predicting link formations on Twitter. To our knowledge, this is the first longitudinal study of follow predictors, and the first to show that the relative contributions of social behavior and mes-sage content are just as impactful as factors related to social network structure for predicting growth of online social networks. We conclude with practical and theoretical implications for designing social media technologies.	A longitudinal study of follow predictors on twitter	NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiang Cao	NA	Session details: Papers: large and public displays	NA	2018
Mathieu Nancel:Olivier Chapuis:Emmanuel Pietriga:Xing-Dong Yang:Pourang P. Irani:Michel Beaudouin-Lafon	Rich interaction with high-resolution wall displays is not limited to remotely pointing at targets. Other relevant types of interaction include virtual navigation, text entry, and direct manipulation of control widgets. However, most techniques for remotely acquiring targets with high precision have studied remote pointing in isolation, focusing on pointing efficiency and ignoring the need to support these other types of interaction. We investigate high-precision pointing techniques capable of acquiring targets as small as 4 millimeters on a 5.5 meters wide display while leaving up to 93 % of a typical tablet device's screen space available for task-specific widgets. We compare these techniques to state-of-the-art distant pointing techniques and show that two of our techniques, a purely relative one and one that uses head orientation, perform as well or better than the best pointing-only input techniques while using a fraction of the interaction resources.	High-precision pointing on large wall displays using small handheld devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Robert Walter:Gilles Bailly:Jörg Müller	We investigate how to reveal an initial mid-air gesture on interactive public displays. This initial gesture can serve as gesture registration for advanced operations. We propose three strategies to reveal the initial gesture: spatial division, temporal division and integration. Spatial division permanently shows the gesture on a dedicated screen area. Temporal division interrupts the application to reveal the gesture. Integration embeds gesture hints directly in the application. We also propose a novel initial gesture called Teapot to illustrate our strategies. We report on a laboratory and field study. Our main findings are: A large percentage of all users execute the gesture, especially with spatial division (56%). Users intuitively discover a gesture vocabulary by exploring variations of the Teapot gesture by themselves, as well as by imitating and extending other users' variations.	StrikeAPose: revealing mid-air gestures on public displays	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yanxia Zhang:Andreas Bulling:Hans Gellersen	Eye gaze is compelling for interaction with situated displays as we naturally use our eyes to engage with them. In this work we present SideWays, a novel person-independent eye gaze interface that supports spontaneous interaction with displays: users can just walk up to a display and immediately interact using their eyes, without any prior user calibration or training. Requiring only a single off-the-shelf camera and lightweight image processing, SideWays robustly detects whether users attend to the centre of the display or cast glances to the left or right. The system supports an interaction model in which attention to the central display is the default state, while "sidelong glances" trigger input or actions. The robustness of the system and usability of the interaction model are validated in a study with 14 participants. Analysis of the participants' strategies in performing different tasks provides insights on gaze control strategies for design of SideWays applications.	SideWays: a gaze interface for spontaneous interaction with situated displays	NA:NA:NA	2018
Géry Casiez	NA	Session details: Papers: interacting around devices	NA	2018
Brett R. Jones:Hrvoje Benko:Eyal Ofek:Andrew D. Wilson	IllumiRoom is a proof-of-concept system that augments the area surrounding a television with projected visualizations to enhance traditional gaming experiences. We investigate how projected visualizations in the periphery can negate, include, or augment the existing physical environment and complement the content displayed on the television screen. Peripheral projected illusions can change the appearance of the room, induce apparent motion, extend the field of view, and enable entirely new physical gaming experiences. Our system is entirely self-calibrating and is designed to work in any room. We present a detailed exploration of the design space of peripheral projected illusions and we demonstrate ways to trigger and drive such illusions from gaming content. We also contribute specific feedback from two groups of target users (10 gamers and 15 game designers); providing insights for enhancing game experiences through peripheral projected illusions.	IllumiRoom: peripheral projected illusions for interactive experiences	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Robert Xiao:Chris Harrison:Scott E. Hudson	Instant access to computing, when and where we need it, has long been one of the aims of research areas such as ubiquitous computing. In this paper, we describe the WorldKit system, which makes use of a paired depth camera and projector to make ordinary surfaces instantly interactive. Using this system, touch-based interactivity can, without prior calibration, be placed on nearly any unmodified surface literally with a wave of the hand, as can other new forms of sensed interaction. From a user perspective, such interfaces are easy enough to instantiate that they could, if desired, be recreated or modified "each time we sat down" by "painting" them next to us. From the programmer's perspective, our system encapsulates these capabilities in a simple set of abstractions that make the creation of interfaces quick and easy. Further, it is extensible to new, custom interactors in a way that closely mimics conventional 2D graphical user interfaces, hiding much of the complexity of working in this new domain. We detail the hardware and software implementation of our system, and several example applications built using the library.	WorldKit: rapid and easy creation of ad-hoc interactive applications on everyday surfaces	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sean G. Gustafson:Bernhard Rabe:Patrick M. Baudisch	Imaginary Interfaces are screen-less ultra-mobile interfaces. Previously we showed that even though they offer no visual feedback they allow users to interact spatially, e.g., by pointing at a location on their non-dominant hand. The primary goal of this paper is to provide a deeper understanding of palm-based imaginary interfaces, i.e., why they work. We perform our exploration using an interaction style inspired by interfaces for visually impaired users. We implemented a system that audibly announces target names as users scrub across their palm. Based on this interface, we conducted three studies. We found that (1) even though imaginary interfaces cannot display visual contents, users' visual sense remains the main mechanism that allows users to control the interface, as they watch their hands interact. (2) When we remove the visual sense by blindfolding, the tactile cues of both hands feeling each other in part replace the lacking visual cues, keeping imaginary interfaces usable. (3) While we initially expected the cues sensed by the pointing finger to be most important, we found instead that it is the tactile cues sensed by the palm that allow users to orient themselves most effectively. While these findings are primarily intended to deepen our understanding of Imaginary Interfaces, they also show that eyes-free interfaces located on skin outperform interfaces on physical devices. In particular, this suggests that palm-based imaginary interfaces may have benefits for visually impaired users, potentially outperforming the touchscreen-based devices they use today.	Understanding palm-based imaginary interfaces: the role of visual and tactile cues when browsing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Khalad Hasan:David Ahlström:Pourang Irani	Exploring information content on mobile devices can be tedious and time consuming. We present Around-Device Binning, or AD-Binning, a novel mobile user interface that allows users to off-load mobile content in the space around the device. We informed our implementation of AD-Binning by exploring various design factors, such as the minimum around-device target size, suitable item selection methods, and techniques for placing content in off-screen space. In a task requiring exploration, we find that AD-Binning improves browsing efficiency by avoiding the minute selection and flicking mechanisms needed for on-screen interaction. We conclude with design guidelines for off screen content storage and browsing.	Ad-binning: leveraging around device space for storing, browsing and retrieving mobile device content	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nadir Weibel	NA	Session details: Papers: design for the home	NA	2018
Salu Ylirisku:Siân Lindley:Giulio Jacucci:Richard Banks:Craig Stewart:Abigail Sellen:Richard Harper:Tim Regan	Web-based technologies are often built to capitalize on the flexibility and fluidity that is supported by the internet, with the value of 'access anywhere' underpinning a blurring of boundaries across home and work. Yet the home is well known in HCI to have a unique set of qualities that can use-fully be drawn upon when designing to support domestic life. In this paper we ask what it means to design domestic web-connected technologies, placing the aesthetic and material properties intrinsic to the home and home life at the centre of our design exploration. We present three concepts that were selected and prototyped from a broader process of research-through-design: Tokens of Search provides tangible handles to web resources; Hole in Space connects the home intimately to a remote place; and Manhattan enables the tangible exploration of events in the community, putting the home at the centre. Discussions in the paper consider not only how aesthetics is articulated in the material and digital properties of the artefacts, but also how a consideration of the properties of the home can create a potentially new design space to explore.	Designing web-connected physical artefacts for the 'aesthetic' of the home	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Oskar Juhlin:Elin Önnevall	We present an interaction analysis based on ethnographic fieldwork of how physical movements, including gestures, are produced by viewers in front of television screens in a sports bar. Understanding ordinary life and specifically television watching in social situations will benefit the discussion of the potential of gesture techniques for controlling interactive televisions in various locations. Challenges for system design include body movement recognition, since movements can have many different purposes and are directed simultaneously at the screen and co-viewers. Moreover, gestures as elements of conversation are sometimes negotiated and overlapping. Since these ordinary movements are hard to automatically track and analyse, suggested systems might lead to demands on viewers to restrain their accustomed movements and adapt them in ways that might be considered awkward. We also reveal new design opportunities that draw upon the ways viewers' gestures are influenced by ongoing broadcast.	On the relation of ordinary gestures to TV screens: general lessons for the design of collaborative interactive techniques	NA:NA	2018
Rupert Meese:Shakir Ali:Emily-Clare Thorne:Steve D. Benford:Anthony Quinn:Richard Mortier:Boriana N. Koleva:Tony Pridmore:Sharon L. Baurley	We explore the idea of making aesthetic decorative patterns that contain multiple visual codes. We chart an iterative collaboration with ceramic designers and a restaurant to refine a recognition technology to work reliably on ceramics, produce a pattern book of designs, and prototype sets of tableware and a mobile app to enhance a dining experience. We document how the designers learned to work with and creatively exploit the technology, enriching their patterns with embellishments and backgrounds and developing strategies for embedding codes into complex designs. We discuss the potential and challenges of interacting with such patterns. We argue for a transition from designing 'codes to patterns' that reflects the skills of designers alongside the development of new technologies.	From codes to patterns: designing interactive decoration for tableware	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nicola Yuill:Yvonne Rogers:Jochen Rick	The increasingly cross-generational use of personal technology portrays families each absorbed in individual devices. Tablets potentially support multi-user working but are currently used as personal devices primarily for consumption, or individual or web-based games. Could tablets support creative co-located groupwork in families and how does such creative work differ from the same task on paper? We designed and evaluated an app requiring individual and group co-creation in families. 262 family groups visiting a science fair played the collaborative drawing game on paper and iPads. Group creations were rated significantly more original and cohesive on iPads than paper. Detailed video analysis of seven family groups showed how tablets support embodiment and use of digital traces, and how the different media sustain individual and shared actions at different stages in the creative process. We sketch out implications for ownership and 'scrap computers': going beyond personally-owned devices and developing collaborative apps to support groupwork with tablets.	Pass the iPad: collaborative creating and sharing in family groups	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gary Hsieh	NA	Session details: Papers: social creativity	NA	2018
Tuck W. Leong:Peter C. Wright	Music shapes our social lives. While previous research has provided a foundational understanding of the social affordances surrounding people's interactions with music, there is a need to update this understanding in light of recent key developments in our digital technological landscape. This paper describes a qualitative study of people's social activities and practices around music in households. It extends previous research by revealing the impact key technologies have on how, where, when, and with who people's interactions surrounding music occur. It also reveals people's creative attempts to design their musical experiences with others through reconfiguring and connecting to various digital technologies and digital platforms in order to pursue more opportunities for communicating, sharing, bonding, and celebrating lives with others.	Revisiting social practices surrounding music	NA:NA	2018
Jeremy Birnholtz:Stephanie Steinhardt:Antonella Pavese	Writing documents together using collaborative editing tools has become extremely common with the widespread availability of tools such as Google Docs. The design of such tools, rooted in early CSCW research, has historically been focused on providing awareness of the presence and activities of one's collaborators. Evidence from a recent qualitative study, however, suggests that people are also concerned about how their behaviors -- and they themselves -- will be perceived by others; and take steps to mitigate possible negative perceptions. We present an experimental study of dyads composing documents together, focusing in particular on group maintenance, impression management and relationship-focused behavior. Results suggest that communication is positively related to social relations, but only for synchronous writing in a shared space; the reverse can be true in asynchronous commenting and editing.	Write here, write now!: an experimental study of group maintenance in collaborative writing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shad Gross:Tyler Pace:Jeffrey Bardzell:Shaowen Bardzell	In recent years, HCI has shown a rising interest in the creative practices associated with massive online communities, including crafters, hackers, DIY, and other expert amateurs. One strategy for researching creativity at this scale is through an analysis of a community's outputs, including its creative works, custom created tools, and emergent practices. In this paper, we offer one such case study, a historical account of World of Warcraft (WoW) machinima (i.e., videos produced inside of video games), which shows how the aesthetic needs and requirements of video making community coevolved with the community-made creativity support tools in use at the time. We view this process as inhabiting different layers and practices of appropriation, and through an analysis of them, we trace the ways that support for emerging stylistic conventions become built into creativity support tools over time.	Machinima production tools: a vernacular history of a creative medium	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yanqing Cui:Jari Kangas:Jukka Holm:Guido Grassel	People use social-photography services to tell stories about themselves and to solicit responses from viewers. State of the-art services concentrate on textual comments, "Like" buttons, or similar means for viewers to give explicit feedback, but they overlook other, non-textual means. This paper investigates how emotion responses--as video clips captured by the front camera of a cell phone and used as tags for the individual photo viewed--can enhance photo-sharing experiences for close-knit groups. Our exploration was carried out with a mobile social-photography service called Social Camera. Four user groups (N=19) used the application for two to four weeks. The study's results support the value of using front-camera video recordings to glean emotion response. It supports lightweight phatic social interactions not possible with comments and "Like" buttons. Most users kept sharing emotion responses throughout the study. They typically shared the responses right after they saw a just taken photo received from a remote partner. They used the responses to share their current contexts with others just as much as to convey nuanced feelings about a photo. We discuss the implications for future design and research.	Front-camera video recordings as emotion responses to mobile photos shared within close-knit groups	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Judy Kay	NA	Session details: Papers: design for classrooms 2	NA	2018
Tim Coughlan:Rebecca Pitt:Patrick McAndrew	In this paper we analyse the remixing and reuse of online learning materials offered as Open Educational Resources (OER). We explore the practices that developed as a set of course materials were released as OER from the UK, remixed for a US context by a cross-organisational, cross-cultural team, and then reused in a broad range of educational settings. We analyse the approaches taken during these remixing and reuse activities as novel forms of creative collaboration. As a basis for comparison, we explore similarities and differences with openness in other domains. We identify how openness provoked novel inter-organisational collaboration and forms of ownership; define forms of open practice that need support, and present issues that should be considered in devising and supporting open projects in education and beyond.	Building open bridges: collaborative remixing and reuse of open educational resources across organisations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel Szafir:Bilge Mutlu	Internet technology is revolutionizing education. Teachers are developing massive open online courses (MOOCs) and using innovative practices such as flipped learning in which students watch lectures at home and engage in hands-on, problem solving activities in class. This work seeks to explore the design space afforded by these novel educational paradigms and to develop technology for improving student learning. Our design, based on the technique of adaptive content review, monitors student attention during educational presentations and determines which lecture topic students might benefit the most from reviewing. An evaluation of our technology within the context of an online art history lesson demonstrated that adaptively reviewing lesson content improved student recall abilities 29% over a baseline system and was able to match recall gains achieved by a full lesson review in less time. Our findings offer guidelines for a novel design space in dynamic educational technology that might support both teachers and online tutoring systems.	ARTFul: adaptive review technology for flipped learning	NA:NA	2018
Katie Kuksenok:Michael Brooks:Qian Wang:Charlotte P. Lee	We present the results of a two-month ethnographic study of three introductory Russian classrooms. Through observation and interviews, we identify several distinct roles played by physical artifacts in the classrooms, such as providing a reference to necessary foreign-language material and serving as props in creative role-play. The range of roles taken on by artifacts and the attitudes students have toward them provide a basis for our discussion about how technology might be more effectively introduced into the socially negotiated environment of the introductory foreign-language classroom. We identify the need to balance between collaborative and personal technology in a stressful, but social, context. Our findings inform a range of roles that technology can undertake in replacing or augmenting existing classroom artifacts.	Challenges and opportunities for technology in foreign language classrooms	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ahmed Kharrufa:Madeline Balaam:Phil Heslop:David Leat:Paul Dolan:Patrick Olivier	This paper presents the results and experiences of a six-week deployment of multiple digital tabletops in a school. Dillenbourg's orchestration framework was used both to guide the design and analysis of the study. Four themes, which directly relate to the design of the technology for the classroom, out of the 15 orchestration factors are considered. For each theme, we present our design choices, the relevant observations, feedback from teachers and students, and we conclude with a number of lessons learned in the form of design recommendations. The distinguishing factors of our study are its scale (in terms of duration, number of classes, subjects, and teachers), and its 'in-the-wild' character, with the entire study being conducted in a school, led by the teachers, and using teacher-prepared, curriculum-based tasks. Our primary contributions are the analysis of our observations and design recommendations for future multi-tabletop applications designed for and deployed within the classroom. Our analyses and recommendations meaningfully extend HCI's current design understandings of such settings.	Tables in the wild: lessons learned from a large-scale multi-tabletop deployment	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Joonhwan Lee	NA	Session details: Papers: reflecting on phones	NA	2018
Barry Brown:Moira McGregor:Eric Laurier	Despite the widespread use of mobile devices, details of mobile technology use 'in the wild' have proven difficult to collect. This paper uses video data to gain new insight into the use of mobile computing devices. Our new method combines screen-capture of iPhone use with video recordings from wearable cameras. We use this data to analyse how mobile device use is threaded into other co-present activities, focusing on the use of maps and internet searches. Close analysis reveals novel aspects of gestures on touch screens, how they serve 'double duty' - both as interface gestures but as as resources for ongoing joint action. We go on to describe how users 'walk the blue dot' to orientate themselves, and how searches are occasioned by the local environment. In conclusion, we argue that mobile devices - rather than pushing us away from the world around us - are instead just another thread in the complex tapestry of everyday interaction.	iPhone in vivo: video analysis of mobile device use	NA:NA:NA	2018
Laura Devendorf:Kimiko Ryokai	AnyType is a mobile application that generates unique typefaces from photographs of shapes that people find in their environment. In keeping with the principles of aesthetic interaction, the design of AnyType supports opportunities for surprise, storytelling, and expression. This paper presents data collected from two observational studies of AnyType. In both studies, we found that people appropriated the application to create highly personalized messages. They found inspiration in unexpected locations, created memories from nuanced details in their lives, and creatively explored the design space provided by the system. Drawing from our observations, we discuss possible roles mobile devices could play in people's personal meaning making, creative process, and discovery, in interaction with elements of their physical environment.	AnyType: provoking reflection and exploration with aesthetic interaction	NA:NA	2018
Ellie Harmon:Melissa Mazmanian	As the smartphone proliferates in American society, so too do stories about its value and impact. In this paper we draw on advertisements and news articles to analyze cultural discourse about the smartphone. We highlight two common tropes: one calling for increased technological integration, the other urging individuals to dis-integrate the smartphone from daily life. We examine the idealized subject positions of these two stories and show how both simplistic tropes call on the same overarching values to compel individuals to take opposing actions. We then reflect on the conflicts individuals experience in trying to align and account for their actions in relation to multiple contradictory narratives. Finally, we call for CHI researchers to tell and provoke more complicated stories of technologies and their relationships with values in conversations, publications, and future designs.	Stories of the Smartphone in everyday discourse: conflict, tension & instability	NA:NA	2018
Sari Kujala:Talya Miron-Shatz	Positive emotional experiences with an interactive product are assumed to lead to good user experience and, ultimately, to product success. However, the path from emotional experiences to product evaluation may not be direct, as emotions fluctuate over time, and some experiences are easier to recall than others. In this study, we examined emotions and experience episodes during real-life mobile phone use over a five-month period. The goal is to understand how emotions and memories are related to overall evaluation of a product: usability, user experience and behavioral intentions. The results show that both emotions and how people remember them had strong unique roles in the overall evaluation of the product. Positive emotions were mostly related to good user experience and negative emotions to low usability. In the early stages of use, users overestimated their positive emotions and seemed to focus on user experience, the importance of usability increased over time.	Emotions, experiences and usability in real-life mobile phone use	NA:NA	2018
Predrag Klasnja	NA	Session details: Papers: technologies for life 2	NA	2018
Ellen Isaacs:Artie Konrad:Alan Walendowski:Thomas Lennig:Victoria Hollis:Steve Whittaker	As people document more of their lives online, some recent systems are encouraging people to later revisit those recordings, a practice we're calling technology-mediated reflection (TMR). Since we know that unmediated reflection benefits psychological well-being, we explored whether and how TMR affects well-being. We built Echo, a smartphone application for recording everyday experiences and reflecting on them later. We conducted three system deployments with 44 users who generated over 12,000 recordings and reflections. We found that TMR improves well-being as assessed by four psychological metrics. By analyzing the content of these entries we discovered two mechanisms that explain this improvement. We also report benefits of very long-term TMR.	Echoes from the past: how technology mediated reflection improves well-being	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Rice:Wah Pheow Tan:Jeremy Ong:Lih Jie Yau:Marcus Wan:Jamie Ng	In this paper, we report on the findings of an acute trial in which we evaluate the design of a novel gesture-based game. 60 younger and older players, divided into three separate group-types: (i) Young-Young, (ii) Old-Old, and (iii) Young-Old, took part in the study. The primary aim of this work was to evaluate the communicative and cooperative behavior of same-age and mixed-age pairs, with secondary interests in their perceived ease-of-use of the game. A mixed-method approach was used, comprising of direct observations, a post-game questionnaire and paired interviews. Our results identified noticeable differences between the group-types, with the Young-Old showing more physical cooperation, as compared to the same-age groups. The work elaborates on how the young and old differ in expectations and perceived interaction, and concludes with some recommendations for future research.	The dynamics of younger and older adult's paired behavior when playing an interactive silhouette game	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
David Warnock:Marilyn McGee-Lennon:Stephen Brewster	Multimodal interaction can make home care reminder systems more accessible to their users, most of whom are older and/or have sensory impairments. Existing research into the properties of different notification modalities have used younger participants rather than members of the older population at which they are aimed. This paper presents the results of a user study with older adults that examined how different notification modalities affected (a) performance in a card matching game and (b) how effective the different modalities were at delivering information. Participants were all aged over 50 and notifications were delivered using textual, pictographic, abstract visual, speech, Earcon, Auditory Icon, tactile and olfactory modalities while playing the game. The results showed that older users were influenced by the same factors as younger users, yet there were subjective differences. The implications for the design of multimodal reminder systems for home care are discussed.	Multiple notification modalities and older users	NA:NA:NA	2018
Frank Bentley:Konrad Tollmar	Self-logging is a critical component to many wellbeing systems. However, self-logging often is difficult to sustain at regular intervals over many weeks. We demonstrate the power of passive mobile notifications to increase logging of wellbeing data, particularly food intake, in a mobile health service. Adding notifications increased the frequency of logging from 12% in a one-month, ten-user pilot study without reminders to 63% in the full 60-user study with reminders included. We will discuss the benefits of passive notifications over existing interruptive methods.	The power of mobile notifications to increase wellbeing logging behavior	NA:NA	2018
Yang Li	NA	Session details: Papers: gesture studies	NA	2018
Miguel A. Nacenta:Yemliha Kamber:Yizhou Qiang:Per Ola Kristensson	We studied the memorability of free-form gesture sets for invoking actions. We compared three types of gesture sets: user-defined gesture sets, gesture sets designed by the authors, and random gesture sets in three studies with 33 participants in total. We found that user-defined gestures are easier to remember, both immediately after creation and on the next day (up to a 24% difference in recall rate compared to pre-designed gestures). We also discovered that the differences between gesture sets are mostly due to association errors (rather than gesture form errors), that participants prefer user-defined sets, and that they think user-defined gestures take less time to learn. Finally, we contribute a qualitative analysis of the tradeoffs involved in gesture type selection and share our data and a video corpus of 66 gestures for replicability and further analysis.	Memorability of pre-designed and user-defined gesture sets	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Fraser Anderson:Walter F. Bischof	Gesture-based interfaces are becoming more prevalent and complex, requiring non-trivial learning of gesture sets. Many methods for learning gestures have been proposed, but they are often evaluated with short-term recall tests that measure user performance, rather than learning. We evaluated four types of gesture guides using a retention and transfer paradigm common in motor learning experiments and found results different from those typically reported with recall tests. The results indicate that many guide systems with higher levels of guidance exhibit high performance benefits while the guide is being used, but are ultimately detrimental to user learning. We propose an adaptive guide that does not suffer from these drawbacks, and that enables a smooth transition from novice to expert. The results contrasting learning and performance can be explained by the guidance hypothesis. They have important implications for the design and evaluation of future gesture learning systems.	Learning and performance with gesture guides	NA:NA	2018
Michelle Annett:Walter F. Bischof	This work examines intermanual gesture transfer, i.e., learning a gesture with one hand and performing it with the other. Using a traditional retention and transfer paradigm from the motor learning literature, participants learned four gestures on a touchscreen. The study found that touchscreen gestures transfer, and do so symmetrically. Regardless of the hand used during training, gestures were performed with a comparable level of error and speed by the untrained hand, even after 24 hours. In addition, the form of a gesture, i.e., its length or curvature, was found to have no influence on transferability. These results have important implications for the design of stroke-based gestural interfaces: acquisition could occur with either hand and it is possible to interchange the hand used to perform gestures. The work concludes with a discussion of these implications and highlights how they can be applied to gesture learning and current gestural systems.	Your left hand can do it too!: investigating intermanual, symmetric gesture transfer on touchscreens	NA:NA	2018
Uran Oh:Leah Findlater	The vast majority of work on understanding and supporting the gesture creation process has focused on professional designers. In contrast, gesture customization by end users' - which may offer better memorability, efficiency and accessibility than pre-defined gestures - has received little attention. To understand the end-user gesture creation process, we conducted a study where 20 participants were asked to: (1) exhaustively create new gestures for an open-ended use case; (2) exhaustively create new gestures for 12 specific use cases; (3) judge the saliency of different touchscreen gesture features. Our findings showed that even when asked to create novel gestures, participants tended to focus on the familiar. Misconceptions about the gesture recognizer's abilities were also evident, and in some cases constrained the range of gestures that participants created. Finally, as a calibration point for future research, we used a simple gesture recognizer ($N) to analyze recognition accuracy of the participants' custom gesture sets: accuracy was 68-88% on average, depending on the amount of training and the customization scenario. We conclude with implications for the design of a mixed-initiative approach to support custom gesture creation.	The challenges and potential of end-user gesture customization	NA:NA	2018
Steven Feiner	NA	Session details: Papers: manipulating video	NA	2018
Toni-Jan Keith Palma Monserrat:Shengdong Zhao:Kevin McGee:Anshul Vikram Pandey	Khan Academy's pre-recorded blackboard-style lecture videos attract millions of online users every month. However, current video navigation tools do not adequately support the kinds of goals that students typically have, like quickly finding a particular concept in a blackboard-style lecture video. This paper reports on the development and evaluation of the new NoteVideo and its improved version, NoteVideo+, systems for identifying the conceptual 'objects' of a blackboard-based video - and then creating a summarized image of the video and using it as an in-scene navigation interface that allows users to directly jump to the video frame where that object first appeared instead of navigating it linearly through time. The research consisted of iteratively implementing the system and then having users perform four different navigation tasks using three different interfaces: Scrubbing, Transcript, and NoteVideo. Results of the study show that participants perform significantly better on all four tasks while using the NoteVideo and its improved version - NoteVideo+ - as compared to others.	NoteVideo: facilitating navigation of blackboard-style lecture videos	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephanie Santosa:Fanny Chevalier:Ravin Balakrishnan:Karan Singh	We explore the design space for using object motion trajectories to create and edit visual elements in various media across space and time. We introduce a suite of pen-based techniques that facilitate fluid stylization, annotation and editing of space-time content such as video, slide presentations and 2D animation, utilizing pressure and multi-touch input. We implemented and evaluated these techniques in DirectPaint, a system for creating free-hand painting and annotation over video.	Direct space-time trajectory control for visual media editing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Justin Matejka:Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice	Online streaming video systems have become extremely popular, yet navigating to target scenes of interest can be a challenge. While recent techniques have been introduced to enable real-time seeking, they break down for large videos, where scrubbing the timeline causes video frames to skip and flash too quickly to be comprehendible. We present Swifter, a new video scrubbing technique that displays a grid of pre-cached thumbnails during scrubbing actions. In a series of studies, we first investigate possible design variations of the Swifter technique, and the impact of those variations on its performance. Guided by these results we compare an implementation of Swifter to the previously published Swift technique, in addition to the approaches utilized by YouTube and Netfilx. Our results show that Swifter significantly outperforms each of these techniques in a scene locating task, by a factor of up to 48%.	Swifter: improved online video scrubbing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Cuong Nguyen:Yuzhen Niu:Feng Liu	Direct Manipulation Video Navigation (DMVN) systems allow a user to navigate a video by dragging an object along its motion trajectory. These systems have been shown effective for space-centric video browsing. Their performance, however, is often limited by temporal ambiguities in a video with complex motion, such as recurring motion, self-intersecting motion, and pauses. The ambiguities come from reducing the 3D spatial-temporal motion (x, y, t) to the 2D spatial motion (x, y) in visualizing the motion and dragging the object. In this paper, we present a 3D DMVN system that maps the spatial-temporal motion (x, y, t) to 3D space (x, y, z) by mapping time t to depth z, visualizes the motion and video frame in 3D, and allows to navigate the video by spatial-temporally manipulating the object in 3D. We show that since our 3D DMVN system preserves all the motion information, it resolves the temporal ambiguities and supports intuitive navigation on challenging videos with complex motion.	Direct manipulation video navigation in 3D	NA:NA:NA	2018
John Zimmerman	NA	Session details: Papers: sustainable energy	NA	2018
Tom A. Rodden:Joel E. Fischer:Nadia Pantidi:Khaled Bachour:Stuart Moran	Energy systems researchers are proposing a broad range of future "smart" energy infrastructures to promote more efficient management of energy resources. This paper considers how consumers might relate to these future smart grids within the UK. To address this challenge we exploited a combination of demonstration and animated sketches to convey the nature of a future smart energy infrastructure based on software agents. Users' reactions suggested that although they felt an obligation to engage with energy issues, they were principally disinterested. Users showed a considerable lack of trust in energy companies raising a dilemma of design. While users might welcome agents to help in engaging with complex energy infrastructures, they had little faith in those that might provide them. This suggests the need to consider how to design software agents to enhance trust in these socio-economic settings.	At home with agents: exploring attitudes towards future smart energy infrastructures	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Carman Neustaedter:Lyn Bartram:Aaron Mah	Energy consumption is a growing concern and it is important to inform families of their consumption and how they might reduce it. We conducted an interview study that focuses on the existing routines of families and how they currently understand their power and gas consumption based on standard utility bills. We also investigated how this understanding ties to their everyday activities as might be recorded on their calendars. This allowed us to assess calendars as an artifact for energy consumption awareness. Our results show that many people relate changes in energy consumption to high-level effects such as weather and temperature and not necessarily their own everyday activities. Events on calendars may aid this understanding but people do not currently record enough information on their calendars to make a strong tie. This suggests that if calendars are to be used as artifacts to aid energy consumption understanding, digital calendars need to provide support to include more energy-related information, including both activities and patterns of consumption.	Everyday activities and energy consumption: how families understand the relationship	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tobias Schwartz:Sebastian Denef:Gunnar Stevens:Leonardo Ramirez:Volker Wulf	This paper presents results of a three-year research project focused on the emplacement of Home Energy Management Systems (HEMS) in a living lab setting with seven households. The HEMS used in this study allowed householders to monitor energy consumption both in real-time and in retrospective on the TV and on mobile devices. Contrasting with existing research focused on how technology persuades people to consume less energy, our study uses a grounded approach to analyze HEMS emplacement. As an important result, we present here the issue of 'energy literacy'. Our study reveals that, by using HEMS, participants became increasingly literate in understanding domestic electricity consumption. We discuss the role HEMS played in that process and how the acquired literacy changed energy consumption patterns. We conclude that literacy in energy consumption has value on its own and explain how eco feedback system designs can benefit from this understanding.	Cultivating energy literacy: results from a longitudinal living lab study of a home energy management system	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Thomas Erickson:Ming Li:Younghun Kim:Ajay Deshpande:Sambit Sahu:Tian Chao:Piyawadee Sukaviriya:Milind Naphade	This paper describes the Dubuque Electricity Portal, a city-scale system aimed at supporting voluntary reductions of electricity consumption. The Portal provided each household with fine-grained feedback on its electricity use, as well as using incentives, comparisons, and goal setting to encourage conservation. Logs, a survey and interviews were used to evaluate the user experience of the Portal during a 20-week pilot with 765 volunteer households. Although the volunteers had already made a wide range of changes to conserve electricity prior to the pilot, those who used the Portal decreased their electricity use by about 3.7%. They also reported increased understanding of their usage, and reported taking an array of actions - both changing their behavior and their electricity infrastructure. The paper discusses the experience of the system's users, and describes challenges for the design of ECF systems, including balancing accessibility and security, a preference for time-based visualizations, and the advisability of multiple modes of feedback, incentives and information presentation.	The dubuque electricity portal: evaluation of a city-scale residential electricity consumption feedback system	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Karyn Moffatt	NA	Session details: Papers: impairment and rehabilitation	NA	2018
Guarionex Salivia:Juan Pablo Hourcade	We tested PointAssist, software that assists in pointing tasks by detecting difficulty through a sub-movement analysis and triggering help, with adjustments proposed to personalize the assistance provided to individuals with motor impairments. A within-subjects study with sixteen individuals with fine motor skills impairments resulted in statistically significant effects on accuracy using Friedman's test with (Χ2(1)=6.4, p=.011 in favor of personalized PointAssist compared to no assistance.	PointAssist: assisting individuals with motor impairments	NA:NA	2018
Lisa Anthony:YooJin Kim:Leah Findlater	Most work on the usability of touchscreen interaction for people with motor impairments has focused on lab studies with relatively few participants and small cross-sections of the population. To develop a richer characterization of use, we turned to a previously untapped source of data: YouTube videos. We collected and analyzed 187 non-commercial videos uploaded to YouTube that depicted a person with a physical disability interacting with a mainstream mobile touchscreen device. We coded the videos along a range of dimensions to characterize the interaction, the challenges encountered, and the adaptations being adopted in daily use. To complement the video data, we also invited the video uploaders to complete a survey on their ongoing use of touchscreen technology. Our findings show that, while many people with motor impairments find these devices empowering, accessibility issues still exist. In addition to providing implications for more accessible touchscreen design, we reflect on the application of user-generated content to study user interface design.	Analyzing user-generated youtube videos to understand touchscreen use by people with motor impairments	NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephen Uzor:Lynne Baillie	Falls are the leading cause of accidental injury-related deaths in the elderly; a fall can lead to a loss of independence, and a fear of falling. Rehabilitation programmes involving exercise have proved the most successful way to reduce the risk of falls. However, the limitations of standard care (e.g. booklets) could prevent home users from receiving the full therapeutic benefit that rehabilitation offers. Having consulted users and health experts, we developed games, and visualizations for falls rehabilitation that we believe could potentially overcome the main barriers to effective rehabilitation in the home. In this paper, we describe user studies that we carried out with older adults to evaluate the use of these visual tools versus standard care, both in the laboratory and in the home. Our main findings show that our visualizations and games were able to overcome the major limitations of standard care, and that they were usable and acceptable to the end users.	Exploring & designing tools to enhance falls rehabilitation in the home	NA:NA	2018
Cati Boulanger:Adam Boulanger:Lilian de Greef:Andy Kearney:Kiley Sobel:Russell Transue:Z Sweedyk:Paul H. Dietz:Steven Bathiche	This paper presents a new sensing and interaction environment for post-stroke and upper extremity limb rehabilitation. The device is a combination of camera-based multitouch sensing and a supporting therapeutic software application that advances the treatment, provides feedback, and records a user's progress. The image-based analysis of hand position provided by a Microsoft Surface is used as an input into a tabletop game environment. Tailored image analysis algorithms assess rehabilitative hand movements. Visual feedback is provided in a game context. Experiments were conducted in a sub-acute rehabilitation center. Preliminary user studies with a stroke-afflicted population determined essential design criteria. Hand and wrist sensing, as well as the goals of the supporting game environment, engage therapeutic flexion and extension as defined by consulted physicians. Participants valued personalization of the activity, novelty, reward and the ability to work at their own pace in an otherwise repetitive therapeutic task. A "character" - game element personifying the participant's movement - was uniquely motivating relative to the media available in the typical therapeutic routine.	Stroke rehabilitation with a sensing surface	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Swamy Ananthanarayan:Miranda Sheh:Alice Chien:Halley Profita:Katie Siek	We present a wearable sensory display for visualizing knee rehabilitation as part of an in-home physical therapy program. Currently, patients undergoing knee rehabilitation have limited ways of assessing exercise form and extent of movement at home. To address this issue, we developed an exploratory wearable electronic prototype to visualize knee bend. We evaluated the device with physical therapy patients to get feedback on the design and to help us understand some of the challenges they face. We discovered that our current design is better suited for patients recovering from surgery as opposed to patients with chronic conditions.	Pt Viz: towards a wearable device for visualizing knee rehabilitation exercises	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Erika Poole	NA	Session details: Papers: exergames and beyond	NA	2018
Andrew Macvean:Judy Robertson	Effective exergames should increase the proportion of time users regularly spend in moderate to vigorous physical activity. There are currently few studies of exergame systems which evaluate the impact on physical activity over time. Those which do, show increases in light intensity exercise which although valuable, do not increase the proportion of moderate to vigorous activity required for optimal health benefits. Furthermore, longitudinal studies to date have encountered a plateau effect in physical activity as the novelty of the game wears off. This paper suggests how exergame designs based on deeper understandings of player motivations could address these problems. We report on longitudinal patterns of users' physical activity, motivations and behaviour when using exergames, based on case studies from a seven week long school based field trial. These new insights, interpreted through Bandura's theory of self efficacy, are of value to designers in the HCI community who wish to motivate users with a range of attitudes towards exercise to undertake regular moderate to vigorous physical activity.	Understanding exergame users' physical activity, motivation and behavior over time	NA:NA	2018
Hamilton A. Hernandez:Zi Ye:T.C. Nicholas Graham:Darcy Fehlings:Lauren Switzer	Children with cerebral palsy (CP) want to play fast-paced action-oriented videogames similar to those played by their peers without motor disabilities. This is particularly true of exergames, whose physically-active gameplay matches the fast pace of action games. But disabilities resulting from CP can make it difficult to play action games. Guidelines for developing games for people with motor disabilities steer away from high-paced action, including recommendations to avoid the need for time-sensitive actions and to keep game pace slow. Through a year-long participatory design process with children with CP, we have discovered that it is in fact possible to develop action-oriented exergames for children with CP at level III on the Gross Motor Function Classification Scale. We followed up the design process with an eight-week home trial, in which we found the games to be playable and enjoyable. In this paper, we discuss the design of these games, and present a set of design recommendations for how to achieve both action-orientation and playability.	Designing action-based exergames for children with cerebral palsy	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sebastiaan Pijnappel:Florian Mueller	Interactive technology can support exertion activities, with many examples focusing on improving athletic performance. We see an opportunity for technology to also support extreme sports such as skateboarding, which often focus primarily on the experience of doing tricks rather than on athletic performance. However, there is little knowledge on how to design for such experiences. In response, we designed 12 basic skateboarding prototypes inspired by skateboarding theory. Using an autoethnographical approach, we skated with each of these and reflected on our experiences in order to derive four design themes : location of feedback in relation to the skater's body, timing of feedback in relation to peaks in emotions after attempts, aspects of the trick emphasized by feedback, and aesthetic fittingness of feedback. We hope our work will guide designers of interactive systems for skateboarding, and extreme sports in general, and will therefore further our understanding of how to design for the active human body.	4 design themes for skateboarding	NA:NA	2018
Linden Vongsathorn:Kenton O'Hara:Helena M. Mentis	In light of the growing interest in designing for new body-movement based interfaces through somaesthetics and somatic awareness, we created a sound-based interaction using the Microsoft Kinect device, which is performed in the dark. The absence of visual feedback led participants to deeply focus on the movement of their bodies, and to have a different awareness of their bodies and the space around them. The notable difference between performing this interaction in light and dark suggests that non-visual based interfaces are a fruitful area to explore in somaesthetic interaction.	Bodily interaction in the dark	NA:NA:NA	2018
Karon MacLean	NA	Session details: Papers: full-body interaction	NA	2018
Jinyung Jung:Seok-Hyung Bae:Joon Hyub Lee:Myung-Suk Kim	Human communication significantly relies on the expressivity of their body movements. Based on these body language experiences, humans tend to extract meanings even from movements of objects. This paper begins with the above human tendencies to create a design method that can help product designers make their products move to communicate. As a research vehicle, we created a robotic torso prototype and utilized it to collaborate with movement experts, and listed up possible expressive movement components. We then built a mapping matrix that links these movements to general product messages. A method which utilizes this mapping matrix was developed to help designers determine a set of effective movements that can communicate specific product messages. Lastly, a design workshop was conducted to identify the usefulness of the proposed method. We expect the procedures and findings of this study to help researchers and designers approach affective user experience through product movement design.	Make it move: a movement design method of simple standing products based on systematic mapping of torso movements & product messages	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Antti Oulasvirta:Teemu Roos:Arttu Modig:Laura Leppänen	We present a novel metric for information capacity of full-body movements. It accommodates HCI scenarios involving continuous movement of multiple limbs. Throughput is calculated as mutual information in repeated motor sequences. It is affected by the complexity of movements and the precision with which an actor reproduces them. Computation requires decorrelating co-dependencies of movement features (e.g., wrist and elbow) and temporal alignment of sequences. HCI researchers can use the metric as an analysis tool when designing and studying user interfaces.	Information capacity of full-body movements	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Julie Wagner:Mathieu Nancel:Sean G. Gustafson:Stephane Huot:Wendy E. Mackay	We introduce BodyScape, a body-centric design space that allows us to describe, classify and systematically compare multi-surface interaction techniques, both individually and in combination. BodyScape reflects the relationship between users and their environment, specifically how different body parts enhance or restrict movement within particular interaction techniques and can be used to analyze existing techniques or suggest new ones. We illustrate the use of BodyScape by comparing two free-hand techniques, on-body touch and mid-air pointing, first separately, then combined. We found that touching the torso is faster than touching the lower legs, since it affects the user's balance; and touching targets on the dominant arm is slower than targets on the torso because the user must compensate for the applied force.	Body-centric design space for multi-surface interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eduardo Velloso:Andreas Bulling:Hans Gellersen	Particularly in sports or physical rehabilitation, users have to perform body movements in a specific manner for the exercises to be most effective. It remains a challenge for experts to specify how to perform such movements so that an automated system can analyse further performances of it. In a user study with 10 participants we show that experts' explicit estimates do not correspond to their performances. To address this issue we present MotionMA, a system that: (1) automatically extracts a model of movements demonstrated by one user, e.g. a trainer, (2) assesses the performance of other users repeating this movement in real time, and (3) provides real-time feedback on how to improve their performance. We evaluated the system in a second study in which 10 other participants used the system to demonstrate arbitrary movements. Our results demonstrate that MotionMA is able to extract an accurate movement model to spot mistakes and variations in movement execution.	MotionMA: motion modelling and analysis by demonstration	NA:NA:NA	2018
Steve Harrison	NA	Session details: Papers: video communication	NA	2018
Fabrizio Pece:William Steptoe:Fabian Wanner:Simon Julier:Tim Weyrich:Jan Kautz:Anthony Steed	We present PanoInserts: a novel teleconferencing system that uses smartphone cameras to create a surround representation of meeting places. We take a static panoramic image of a location into which we insert live videos from smartphones. We use a combination of marker- and image-based tracking to position the video inserts within the panorama, and transmit this representation to a remote viewer. We conduct a user study comparing our system with fully-panoramic video and conventional webcam video conferencing for two spatial reasoning tasks. Results indicate that our system performs comparably with fully-panoramic video, and better than webcam video conferencing in tasks that require an accurate surrounding representation of the remote space. We discuss the representational properties and usability of varying video presentations, exploring how they are perceived and how they influence users when performing spatial reasoning tasks.	Panoinserts: mobile spatial teleconferencing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
James Norris:Holger M. Schnädelbach:Paul K. Luff	In collaborative video communication systems, establishing co-orientation around physical objects, virtual objects and people is a critical requirement. This is problematic as the technical limitations of video fractures the display of conduct in the connected environments. We present the results of a study of one collaborative system, CamBlend, which aims to alleviate some of these problems by using screen based pointing tools to both physical spaces and virtual resources. We report on how participants achieved co-orientation when using this system. We relate these findings to previous research into the fractured ecologies of collaborative spaces, describing how the form and nature of fractures in CamBlend differ from earlier reported work.	Putting things in focus: establishing co-orientation through video in context	NA:NA:NA	2018
John C. Tang:Robert Xiao:Aaron Hoff:Gina Venolia:Patrick Therien:Asta Roseway	HomeProxy is a research prototype that explores supporting video communication in the home among distributed family members through a physical proxy. It leverages a physical artifact dedicated to representing remote family members to make it easier to share activities with them. HomeProxy combines a form factor designed for the home environment with a "no-touch" user experience and an interface that responsively transitions between recorded and live video messages. We designed and implemented a prototype and conducted a pilot study with eight pairs of users. Our study demonstrated the challenges of a no-touch interface and the promise of offering quick video messaging in the home.	HomeProxy: exploring a physical proxy for video communication in the home	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Amy Hurst	NA	Session details: Papers: ideation methods	NA	2018
Haakon Faste:Nir Rachmel:Russell Essary:Evan Sheehan	In this paper we describe the results of a design-driven study of collaborative ideation. Based on preliminary findings that identified a novel digital ideation paradigm we refer to as chainstorming, or online communication brainstorming, two exploratory studies were performed. First, we developed and tested a distributed method of ideation we call cheatstorming, in which previously generated brainstorm ideas are delivered to targeted local contexts in response to a prompt. We then performed a more rigorous case study to examine the cheatstorming method and consider its possible implementation in the context of a distributed online ideation tool. Based on observations from these studies, we conclude with the somewhat provocative suggestion that ideation need not require the generation of new ideas. Rather, we present a model of ideation suggesting that its value has less to do with the generation of novel ideas than the cultural influence exerted by unconventional ideas on the ideating team. Thus brainstorming is more than the pooling of "invented" ideas, it involves the sharing and interpretation of concepts in unintended and (ideally) unanticipated ways.	Brainstorm, Chainstorm, Cheatstorm, Tweetstorm: new ideation strategies for distributed HCI design	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Oskar Juhlin:Yanqing Zhang:Cristine Sundbom:Ylva Fernaeus	We present a design exercise illustrating how fashion practices and the fashion design process can be used to create new opportunities both in the mobile domain and in product design, as well as in wearable computing. We investigate the concept of outfit-centric design by extending the support for social and visual interaction with digital devices beyond the currently available shells and stickers, and drawing on the ways in which people vary their dress ensembles. We designed a set of mock-up samples in a local fashion style, as a first step in understanding possible applications of the emerging technology of organic interfaces. Initial user feedback shows how fashion-conscious participants creatively experimented with the set's variations of shape and color in outfits created from their personal wardrobes, which revealed the importance of the objects' size and location on the body. It also points out that a lack of integration with the fashion system's processes reduces the attractiveness of the samples.	Fashionable shape switching: explorations in outfit-centric design	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tomer Moscovich	NA	Session details: Papers: pointing and Fitts Law	NA	2018
Xiaojun Bi:Yang Li:Shumin Zhai	Fitts' law has proven to be a strong predictor of pointing performance under a wide range of conditions. However, it has been insufficient in modeling small-target acquisition with finger-touch based input on screens. We propose a dual-distribution hypothesis to interpret the distribution of the endpoints in finger touch input. We hypothesize the movement endpoint distribution as a sum of two independent normal distributions. One distribution reflects the relative precision governed by the speed-accuracy tradeoff rule in the human motor system, and the other captures the absolute precision of finger touch independent of the speed-accuracy tradeoff effect. Based on this hypothesis, we derived the FFitts model - an expansion of Fitts' law for finger touch input. We present three experiments in 1D target acquisition, 2D target acquisition and touchscreen keyboard typing tasks respectively. The results showed that FFitts law is more accurate than Fitts' law in modeling finger input on touchscreens. At 0.91 or a greater R2 value, FFitts' index of difficulty is able to account for significantly more variance than conventional Fitts' index of difficulty based on either a nominal target width or an effective target width in all the three experiments.	FFitts law: modeling finger touch with fitts' law	NA:NA:NA	2018
Nikola Banovic:Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice	One of the fundamental operations in today's user interfaces is pointing to targets, such as menus, buttons, and text. Making an error when selecting those targets in real-life user interfaces often results in some cost to the user. However, the existing target-directed pointing models do not consider the cost of error when predicting task completion time. In this paper, we present a model based on expected value theory that predicts the impact of the error cost on the user's completion time for target-directed pointing tasks. We then present a target-directed pointing user study, which results show that time-based costs of error significantly impact the user's performance. Our results also show that users perform according to an expected completion time utility function and that optimal performance computed using our model gives good prediction of the observed task completion times.	The effect of time-based cost of error in target-directed pointing tasks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jonathan Aceituno:Géry Casiez:Nicolas Roussel	Computer mouse sensors keep increasing in resolution. The smallest displacement they can detect gets smaller, but little is known on our ability to control such small movements. Small target acquisition has been previously tackled, but the findings do not apply to the problem of finding the useful resolution of a user with a mouse, which corresponds to the smallest displacement (s)he can reliably produce with that device. We detail this definition and provide an associated experimental protocol to measure it. We then report on the results of a study suggesting that high-end mice are not likely to be used to their full potential. We further comment on the different strategies used by participants to acheive best performance, and derive implications for user interfaces.	How low can you go?: human limits in small unidirectional mouse movements	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ribel Fares:Shaomin Fang:Oleg Komogortsev	MAGIC pointing techniques combine eye tracking with manual input. Since the mouse performs exceptionally well in a desktop setting, previous research on MAGIC pointing either resulted in minor improvements, or the techniques were applied to alternative devices or environments. We design Animated MAGIC, a novel, target-agnostic MAGIC pointing technique, for the specific goal of beating the mouse in a desktop setting. To improve the eye-tracking accuracy, we develop a dynamic local calibration method that uses each selection as a local calibration point. We compare Animated MAGIC to mouse-only and Conservative MAGIC, one of the two original MAGIC pointing methods, in a Fitts' Law experiment. We conduct a user questionnaire to evaluate the usability of the interaction methods. Results suggest that Dynamic Local Calibration improves eye-tracking accuracy and, consequently, MAGIC pointing performance. Powered with Dynamic Local Calibration, Animated MAGIC outperformed mouse-only by 8% in terms of throughput. Both MAGIC pointing methods reduced the amount of hand movement by more than half.	Can we beat the mouse with MAGIC?	NA:NA:NA	2018
Chris Harrison	NA	Session details: Papers: sensing touch	NA	2018
Rong-Hao Liang:Kai-Yin Cheng:Liwei Chan:Chuan-Xhyuan Peng:Mike Y. Chen:Rung-Huei Liang:De-Nian Yang:Bing-Yu Chen	We present GaussBits, which is a system of the passive magnetic tangible designs that enables 3D tangible interactions in the near-surface space of portable displays. When a thin magnetic sensor grid is attached to the back of the display, the 3D position and partial 3D orientation of the GaussBits can be resolved by the proposed bi-polar magnetic field tracking technique. This portable platform can therefore enrich tangible interactions by extending the design space to the near-surface space. Since non-ferrous materials, such as the user's hand, do not occlude the magnetic field, interaction designers can freely incorporate a magnetic unit into an appropriately shaped non-ferrous object to exploit the metaphors of the real-world tasks, and users can freely manipulate the GaussBits by hands or using other non-ferrous tools without causing interference. The presented example applications and the collected feedback from an explorative workshop revealed that this new approach is widely applicable.	GaussBits: magnetic tangible bits for portable and occlusion-free near-surface interactions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tobias Grosse-Puppendahl:Andreas Braun:Felix Kamieth:Arjan Kuijper	Swiss-Cheese Extended proposes a novel real-time method for recognizing objects with capacitive proximity sensors. Applying this technique to ubiquitous user interfaces, it is possible to detect the 3D-position of multiple human hands in different configurations above a surface that is equipped with a small number of sensors. The retrieved object configurations can significantly improve a user's interaction experience or an application's execution context, for example by detecting multi-hand zoom and rotation gestures or recognizing a grasping hand. We emphasize the broad applicability of the proposed method with a study of a multi-hand gesture recognition device.	Swiss-cheese extended: an object recognition method for ubiquitous interfaces based on capacitive proximity sensing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Taku Hachisu:Hiroyuki Kajimoto	We present a novel photo touch sensing architecture, HACHIStack. It can measure the approaching velocity of an object and predict its contact time with the touch screen using two optical sensing layers above the surface. The photo sensing layers form three unique capabilities: high-speed sampling, velocity acquisition, and contact time prediction. This work quantitatively examines these capabilities through two laboratory experiments, and confirms that the capabilities of HACHIStack are sufficient for multimodal interaction, in particular, touch-based interaction with haptic enhancement. We then present three applications with HACHIStack: 1) chromatic percussions (xylophone and glockenspiel) with haptic feedback; 2) no-delay haptic feedback with the sensation of tapping on various simulated materials (e.g., rubber, wood and aluminum); and 3) a virtual piano instrument that allows players to perform weak and strong strokes by changing the tapping velocity.	HACHIStack: dual-layer photo touch sensing for haptic and auditory tapping interaction	NA:NA	2018
Jiseong Gu:Seongkook Heo:Jaehyun Han:Sunjun Kim:Geehyuk Lee	In this paper, we explore the possibility of a long touchpad that utilizes the entire area below the keyboard of a laptop computer. An essential prerequisite for such a touchpad is a robust palm rejection method, which we satisfy using a proximity-sensing touchpad. We developed LongPad, a proximity-sensing optical touchpad that is as wide as a laptop keyboard, and implemented a palm rejection algorithm that utilizes proximity images from LongPad. In a user study conducted, we observed that LongPad rejected palm touches almost perfectly while participants were repeating typing and pointing tasks. We also summarize the new design space enabled by LongPad and demonstrate a few of the interaction techniques it facilitates.	LongPad: a touchpad using the entire area below the keyboard of a laptop computer	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anne Roudaut	NA	Session details: Papers: displays everywhere	NA	2018
Harold Thimbleby	Seven segment number displays are ubiquitous and popular. They are simple and familiar. They seem to make economic sense, and with only seven segments they require little wiring and electronics to support. They are cheap to buy and cheap to use; they make seemingly effective and unproblematic products. This paper illustrates many examples of problematic uses of seven segment displays that could have been avoided. More generally, the paper raises design questions and some solutions to be considered when designing numerical displays, and certainly before uncritically using seven segment displays. Although there are markets and applications where cost may be an overriding consideration, for safety critical and other dependable types of use (including general purpose devices that may sometimes be used for critical tasks) more legible alternatives than standard seven segment displays should be preferred.	Reasons to question seven segment displays	NA	2018
Daniel Leithinger:Sean Follmer:Alex Olwal:Samuel Luescher:Akimitsu Hogge:Jinha Lee:Hiroshi Ishii	Recent research in 3D user interfaces pushes towards immersive graphics and actuated shape displays. Our work explores the hybrid of these directions, and we introduce sublimation and deposition, as metaphors for the transitions between physical and virtual states. We discuss how digital models, handles and controls can be interacted with as virtual 3D graphics or dynamic physical shapes, and how user interfaces can rapidly and fluidly switch between those representations. To explore this space, we developed two systems that integrate actuated shape displays and augmented reality (AR) for co-located physical shapes and 3D graphics. Our spatial optical see-through display provides a single user with head-tracked stereoscopic augmentation, whereas our handheld devices enable multi-user interaction through video seethrough AR. We describe interaction techniques and applications that explore 3D interaction for these new modalities. We conclude by discussing the results from a user study that show how freehand interaction with physical shape displays and co-located graphics can outperform wand-based interaction with virtual 3D graphics.	Sublimate: state-changing virtual and physical rendering to augment interaction with shape displays	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Simon T. Perrault:Eric Lecolinet:James Eagan:Yves Guiard	We present WatchIt, a prototype device that extends interaction beyond the watch surface to the wristband, and two interaction techniques for command selection and execution. Because the small screen of wristwatch computers suffers from visual occlusion and the fat finger problem, we investigated the use of the wristband as an available interaction resource. Not only does WatchIt use a cheap, energy efficient and invisible technology, but it involves simple, basic gestures that allow good performance after little training, as suggested by the results of a pilot study. We propose a novel gesture technique and an adaptation of an existing menu technique suitable for wristband interaction. In a user study, we investigated their usage in eyes-free contexts, finding that they perform well. Finally, we present techniques where the bracelet is used in addition to the screen to provide precise continuous control over list scrolling. We also report on a preliminary survey of traditional and digital jewelry that points to the high frequency of watches and bracelets in both genders and gives a sense of the tasks people feel like performing on such devices.	Watchit: simple gestures and eyes-free interaction for wristwatches and bracelets	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Chao-Huai Su:Liwei Chan:Chien-Ting Weng:Rong-Hao Liang:Kai-Yin Cheng:Bing-Yu Chen	This work presents a novel and always-available nail mounted display known as NailDisplay. The proposed display augments the use of a finger by allowing for always-available visual feedback owing to its fast accessibility and binding user controls with the display, i.e. what you control is what you see (through the display). Potential benefits of NailDisplay are demonstrated in three applications: from displaying to combining it with user controls. In the first application, NailDisplay can reveal what is occluded under a finger touch, making it a solution to operate small UI elements. In the second application, NailDisplay is complementary to an imaginary interface, helping users to learn an imaginary interface (e.g., on the users' arms) and allowing them to reassure the interface when their memory of it becomes unclear. In the third application, NailDisplay is integrated with rich finger interactions, such as swiping in the air. We also report users' feedbacks gathered from an explorative user study.	NailDisplay: bringing an always available visual display to fingertips	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Norman Pohl:Steve Hodges:John Helmes:Nicolas Villar:Tim Paek	In this paper we explore a new type of wearable computing device, an interactive identity badge. An embedded LCD presents dynamic information to the wearer and interaction is facilitated by sensing movement of the retractable string which attaches the unit to the wearer's belt. This form-factor makes it possible to interact using a single hand, providing lightweight and immediate access to a variety of information when it's not convenient to pick up, unlock and interact directly with a device like a smartphone. In this paper we present our prototype interactive badge, demonstrate the underlying technology and describe a number of usage scenarios and interaction techniques	An interactive belt-worn badge with a retractable string-based input mechanism	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xiaomu Zhou	NA	Session details: Papers: clinical settings	NA	2018
Ulrich von Zadow:Sandra Buron:Tina Harms:Florian Behringer:Kai Sostmann:Raimund Dachselt	A large body of work asserts that interactive tabletops are well suited for group work, and numerous studies have examined these devices in educational contexts. However, few of the described systems support simulations for collaborative learning, and none of them explicitly address immersion. We present SimMed, a system allowing medical students to collaboratively diagnose and treat a virtual patient using an interactive tabletop. The hybrid user interface combines elements of virtual reality with multitouch input. The paper delineates the development process of the system and rationale behind a range of interface design decisions. Thereby, the role of realism in gaining procedural knowledge is discussed - in particular, the interplay between realism, immersion and training goals. We implemented several medical test cases and evaluated our approach with a user study that suggests the great potential of the system. Results show a high level of immersion, cooperation and engagement by the students.	SimMed: combining simulation and interactive tabletops for medical education	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Helena M. Mentis:Alex S. Taylor	Recent years have seen the possibilities of new imaging and interaction technologies for minimally invasive surgery such as touchless interaction and high definition renderings of three-dimensional anatomy. With this paper we take a step back to review the historical introduction and assimilation of imaging technologies in the surgical theatre in parallel with the productive and cross-referential nature of surgical practice and image use. We present findings from a field study of image use during neurosurgery where we see that the work to see medical images is highly constructed and embodied with the action of manipulating the body. This perspective lends itself to a discussion of the directions for new imaging interaction technologies.	Imaging the body: embodied vision in minimally invasive surgery	NA:NA	2018
Jon Bird:Peter Byass:Kathleen Kahn:Paul Mee:Edward Fottrell	Verbal autopsy (VA) involves interviewing relatives of the deceased to identify the probable cause of death and is typically used in settings where there is no official system for recording deaths or their causes. Following the interview, physician assessment to determine probable cause can take several years to complete. The World Health Organization (WHO) recognizes that there is a pressing need for a mobile device that combines direct data capture and analysis if this technique is to become part of routine health surveillance. We conducted a field test in rural South Africa to evaluate a mobile system that we designed to meet WHO requirements (namely, simplicity, feasibility, adaptability to local contexts, cost-effectiveness and program relevance). If desired, this system can provide immediate feedback to respondents about the probable cause of death at the end of a VA interview. We assessed the ethical implications of this technological development by interviewing all the stakeholders in the VA process (respondents, fieldworkers, physicians, population scientists, data managers and community engagement managers) and highlight the issues that this community needs to debate and resolve.	A matter of life and death: practical and ethical constraints in the development of a mobile verbal autopsy tool	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Regan Mandryk	NA	Session details: Papers: game design	NA	2018
Pejman Mirza-Babaei:Lennart E. Nacke:John Gregory:Nick Collins:Geraldine Fitzpatrick	Improving game design is a hard task. Few methods are available in games user research (GUR) to test formally how game designs work for players. In particular, the usefulness of user tests (UTs) for game designers has not been fully studied in the CHI community. We propose a novel GUR method called Biometric Storyboards (BioSt) and present a study demonstrating how a Classic UT and a BioSt UT both help designers create a better gameplay experience. In addition, we show that BioSt can help designers deliver significantly better visuals, more fun, and higher gameplay quality than designing without UTs and that classic UTs do not provide this significant advantage. Our interviews support the idea that BioSt provides more nuanced game design improvement. The design implication is that a game designed with the BioSt method will result in high gameplay quality.	How does it play better?: exploring user testing and biometric storyboards in games user research	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rilla Khaled:Mark J. Nelson:Pippin Barr	Procedural content generation (PCG), the algorithmic creation of game content with limited or indirect user input, has much to offer to game design. In recent years, it has become a mainstay of game AI, with significant research being put towards the investigation of new PCG systems, algorithms, and techniques. But for PCG to be absorbed into the practice of game design, it must be contextualised within design-centric as opposed to AI or engineering perspectives. We therefore provide a set of design metaphors for understanding potential relationships between a designer and PCG. These metaphors are: tool, material, designer, and domain expert. By examining PCG through these metaphors, we gain the ability to articulate qualities, consequences, affordances, and limitations of existing PCG approaches in relation to design. These metaphors are intended both to aid designers in understanding and appropriating PCG for their own contexts, and to advance PCG research by highlighting the assumptions implicit in existing systems and discourse.	Design metaphors for procedural content generation in games	NA:NA:NA	2018
Anne E. Bowser:Derek L. Hansen:Jocelyn Raphael:Matthew Reid:Ryan J. Gamett:Yurong R. He:Dana Rotman:Jenny J. Preece	The rising popularity of location-based applications and games (LBAGs) that break spatial, temporal, and social boundaries creates new challenges for designers. This paper introduces PLACE, an iterative, mixed-fidelity approach to Prototyping Location, Activities, Collective experience, and Experience over time in LBAGs. PLACE consists of 6 design principles: start small and scale up the fidelity, treat participants as co-designers, test in a representative space, focus on activities more than interfaces, respect authentic social experience, and represent time authentically. The effectiveness of PLACE was evaluated by prototyping Floracaching, a geocaching game for citizen science. This revealed the types of insights that PLACE provides, best practices for implementing PLACE, and how PLACE com-pares to other prototyping methods.	Prototyping in PLACE: a scalable approach to developing location-based apps and games	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Derek Hansen:Elizabeth Bonsignore:Marc Ruppel:Amanda Visconti:Kari Kraus	Successful Alternate Reality Games (ARGs), such as The Lost Experience, I Love Bees and Urgent EVOKE have solicited thousands of active participants and, often, millions of spectators from around the world. ARGs require significant resources not only in terms of initial design, but also in implementation, since live, dynamic interplay between players and designers is an inherent aspect of their interactive storylines. This paper outlines a novel design framework for creating reusable ARGs that will help extend the lifespan of ARGs and allow them to permeate new domains such as education. The framework includes three key reusable design objectives (replayability, adaptability, extensibility), each of which can be enacted at different levels of depth. We also identify barriers to reusable ARGs and design strategies for overcoming those barriers, drawing upon ARG designer interviews and existing ARGs.	Designing reusable alternate reality games	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Albrecht Schmidt	NA	Session details: Papers: design for the home	NA	2018
Corinna Ogonowski:Benedikt Ley:Jan Hess:Lin Wan:Volker Wulf	Living Labs provide a research infrastructure for long-term user involvement in Participatory Design processes. Users take part in software co-creation during context analysis, for concept development, reflecting on early-stage prototypes and evaluations in the field. In this paper we describe lessons learned from our Living Lab in the area of home entertainment, with 27 participants from 16 households, over a 2.5 year period. We show that this kind of long-term participation of users involves various challenges over the lifetime of the project. We highlight several aspects that need to be considered carefully when setting up such a Living Lab, concerning the selection of participants, maintenance of participants' motivation, establishment of a trust relationship, and the coordination of collaboration.	Designing for the living room: long-term user involvement in a living lab	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nick Taylor:Keith Cheverst:Peter Wright:Patrick Olivier	As research increasingly turns to work 'in the wild' to design and evaluate technologies under real-world conditions, little consideration has been given to what happens when research ends. In many cases, users are heavily involved in the design process and encouraged to integrate the resulting technologies into their lives before they are withdrawn, while in some cases technologies are being left in place after research concludes. Often, little is done to assess the impact and legacy of these deployments. In this paper, we return to two examples in which we designed technologies with the involvement of communities and examine what steps were taken to ensure their long-term viability and what happened following the departure of researchers. From these examples, we provide guidelines for planning and executing technology handovers when conducting research with communities.	Leaving the wild: lessons from community technology handovers	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ming Ki Chong:Hans W. Gellersen	Group association, the process of connecting a group of devices, opens up new opportunities for users to spontaneously share resources. Research has shown numerous techniques and protocols for group association; however, what people intuitively do to associate a group of devices remains an open question. We contribute a study of eliciting device association techniques from groups of non-technical people. In all, we collected and analysed 496 techniques from 61 participants. Our results show that mobility and physicality of devices influence how people perceive groups association. We present a complete set of user-defined techniques with subjective ratings and popularity scores. We examined people's rationale and the effects of different device form factors. We analysed the techniques based on the roles that users assume with respect to device association. Our findings draw out insights from the perspective of users for design of group association.	How groups of users associate wireless devices	NA:NA	2018
Anthony Brown:Richard Mortier:Tom Rodden	We present MultiNet, a novel method for securely associating devices with a domestic wireless network. We show that MultiNet has usability benefits over currently deployed commercial solutions while being backwards compatible with existing devices. MultiNet reduces the interaction overhead of secure association by focusing on users' interactions rather than the network's requirements. This leads to a novel architectural arrangement of the home network infrastructure: the network is dynamically re-configured to accept each pre-configured device, rather than the current norm where each device is configured to be acceptable to the pre-configured network. Assuming devices are pre-configured for a unique, device-specific network name and passphrase, MultiNet constructs an out-of-band visual channel via an intermediary network controller device to convey the device's configuration to the network. This makes the interaction to join a device to the wireless network lightweight and identical across all devices, considerably reducing the interaction overheads for users.	MultiNet: reducing interaction overhead in domestic wireless networks	NA:NA:NA	2018
Margaret Burnett	NA	Session details: Papers: novel programming	NA	2018
Suzanne Prior:Annalu Waller:Rolf Black:Thilo Kroll	Engaging with end users in the development of assistive technologies remains one of the major challenges for researchers and developers in the field of accessibility and HCI. Developing usable software systems for people with complex disabilities is problematic, software developers are wary of using user-centred design, one of the main methods by which usability can be improved, due to concerns about how best to work with adults with complex disabilities, in particular Severe Speech and Physical Impairments (SSPI) and how to involve them in research. This paper reports on how the adoption of an adapted agile approach involving the incorporation of a user advocate on the research team helped in meeting this challenge in one software project and offers suggestions for how this could be used by other development teams.	Use of an agile bridge in the development of assistive technology	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jennifer Jacobs:Leah Buechley	The combination of computational design and digital fabrication offers many exciting possibilities for art, design, and creative expression. We seek to make computational design accessible by developing tools that allow novices to use programming and digital fabrication to produce personal and functional objects. In this paper, we describe our development of Codeable Objects, a preliminary computational-design programing tool developed to work in conjunction with digital-fabrication machines. We also present our evaluation of the tool based on a set of user studies in which people built computationally generated crafts, clothing, and accessories. These studies illuminated the viability (and challenges) of engaging novice programmers through design and digital fabrication, and provide a platform for future work in developing programming tools to support personal expression.	Codeable objects: computational design and digital fabrication for novice programmers	NA:NA	2018
Huahai Yang:Daina Pupons-Wickham:Laura Chiticariu:Yunyao Li:Benjamin Nguyen:Arnaldo Carreno-Fuentes	Text analytics, an increasingly important application domain, is hampered by the high barrier to entry due to the many conceptual difficulties novice developers encounter. This work addresses the problem by developing a tool to guide novice developers to adopt the best practices employed by expert developers in text analytics and to quickly harness the full power of the underlying system. Taking a user centered task analytical approach, the tool development went through multiple design iterations and evaluation cycles. In the latest evaluation, we found that our tool enables novice developers to develop high quality extractors on par with the state of art within a few hours and with minimal training. Finally, we discuss our experience and lessons learned in the context of designing user interfaces to reduce the barriers to entry into complex domains of expertise.	I can do text analytics!: designing development tools for novice developers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sandeep Kaur Kuttal:Anita Sarma:Gregg Rothermel	Programming for the web can be an intimidating task, particularly for non-professional ("end-user") programmers. Mashup programming environments attempt to remedy this by providing support for such programming. It is well known, however, that mashup programmers create applications that contain bugs. Furthermore, mashup programmers learn from examples and reuse other mashups, which causes bugs to propagate to other mashups. In this paper we classify the bugs that occur in a large corpus of Yahoo! Pipes mashups. We describe support we have implemented in the Yahoo! Pipes environment to provide automatic error detection techniques that help mashup programmers localize and correct these bugs. We present the results of a think-aloud study comparing the experiences of end-user mashup programmers using and not using our support. Our results show that our debugging enhancements do help these programmers localize and correct bugs more effectively and efficiently.	Debugging support for end user mashup programming	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ann Blandford	NA	Session details: Papers: temporal design	NA	2018
Elizabeth Thiry:Siân Lindley:Richard Banks:Tim Regan	It has been argued that technologies for 'memory' should be designed to support creativity and meaning building, rather than the passive capture of cues for remembering [25]. We report findings from a study inspired by this insight, in which older people made personal digital timelines using a new tool called Project Greenwich. We explore how the constraints of the timeline metaphor offer a framework for authoring, and examine how timelines can be used to underpin meaning building in relation to personal content. We highlight the importance of making, this being a vehicle for connecting with others in the present, and a potential means of emphasizing those elements of the past felt to be most salient when looking back.	Authoring personal histories: exploring the timeline as a framework for meaning making	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jennifer Mankoff:Jennifer A. Rode:Haakon Faste	Doing research is, in part, an act of foresight. Even though it is not explicit in many projects, we especially value research that is still relevant five, ten or more years after it is completed. However, published research in the field of interactive computing (and technology research in general) often lacks evidence of systematic thinking about the long-term impacts of current trends. For example, trends on an exponential curve change much more rapidly than intuition predicts. As a result, research may accidentally emphasize near-term thinking. When thinking about the future is approached systematically, we can critically examine multiple potential futures, expand the set of externalities under consideration, and address both negative and positive forecasts of the future. The field of Futures Studies provides methods that can support analysis of long-term trends, support the identification of new research areas and guide design and evaluation. We survey methods for futuristic thinking and discuss their relationship to Human Computer Interaction. Using the sustainability domain an example, we present a case study of a Futures Studies approach - the Delphi Method. We show how Futures Studies can be incorporated into Human Computer Interaction and highlight future work such as rethinking the role of externalities in the validation process.	Looking past yesterday's tomorrow: using futures studies methods to extend the research horizon	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sus Lundgren	This paper argues that there is a value in deliberately and systematically exploring potential temporal behaviors of an interactive artifact, either as a means to add new functions, or to change the interaction with it. An improved version of Temporal Themes [23] - a vocabulary describing how software can "use" time or sequences of events - will be presented, alongside a series of design cases. These exemplify how adding or changing temporal themes in existing applications can enhance functionality and/or interaction. Moreover, the cases also serve as a basis for a discussion of the issues coupled to temporality, control and interaction strategies. Finally, a design approach with focus on temporal aspects is outlined. As a result, the paper opens up for a more conscious use of time and temporality in interaction design.	Toying with time: considering temporal themes in interactive artifacts	NA	2018
Daniela K. Rosner:Miwa Ikemiya:Diana Kim:Kristin Koch	This paper draws on new materialist perspectives to introduce the analytic category of "material traces" to the field of human-computer interaction (HCI). Material traces reveal the dynamic and evocative nature of form by concretizing a unique location in time and space. Traces of skill, use, and time, for example, are valued for their emotional resonance in addition to the pragmatic goals in which they are embedded. Using this category, we develop a framework for design pedagogy that offers the lenses of attributes, entanglements, and trajectories as tools for gaining critical purchase on the objects produced. Mobilizing this framework within a classroom, design students envision poignant relationships to the non-human, engaged physics learning, and opportunities for reflection around breakage and repair. These design examples reveal how the category of material traces comes alive in practice and pedagogy. We end by discussing how this study of traces points to new opportunities for critical reflection in HCI.	Designing with traces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marilyn McGee-Lennon	NA	Session details: Papers: tactile experiences	NA	2018
Marianna Obrist:Sue Ann Seah:Sriram Subramanian	A common problem with designing and developing applications with tactile interfaces is the lack of a vocabulary that allows one to describe or communicate about haptics. Here we present the findings from a study exploring participants' verbalizations of their tactile experiences across two modulated tactile stimuli (16Hz and 250Hz) related to two important mechanoreceptors in the human hand. The study, with 14 participants, applied the explicitation interview technique to capture detailed descriptions of the diachronic and synchronic structure of tactile experiences. We propose 14 categories for a human-experiential vocabulary based on the categorization of the findings and tie them back to neurophysiological and psychophysical data on the human hand. We finally discuss design opportunities created through this experiential understanding in relation to the two mechanoreceptors.	Talking about tactile experiences	NA:NA:NA	2018
Douglas Atkinson:Pawel Orzechowski:Bruna Petreca:Nadia Bianchi-Berthouze:Penelope Watkins:Sharon Baurley:Stefano Padilla:Mike Chantler	Current interactive media presentations of textiles provide an impoverished communication of their 'textile hand', that is their weight, drape, how they feel to touch. These are complex properties experienced through the visual, tactile, auditory and proprioceptive senses and are currently lost when textile materials are presented in interactive video. This paper offers a new perspective from which the production of multi-touch interactive video representations of the tactile qualities of materials is considered. Through an understanding of hand properties of textiles and how people inherently touch and handle them, we are able to develop methods to animate and bring these properties alive using design methods. Observational studies were conducted, noting gestures consumers used to evaluate textile hand. Replicating the appropriate textile deformations for these gestures in interactive video was explored as a design problem. The resulting digital textile swatches and their interactive behavior were then evaluated for their ability to communicate tactile qualities similar to those of the real textiles.	Tactile perceptions of digital textiles: a design research approach	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Young-Woo Park:Kyoung-Min Baek:Tek-Jin Nam	We report the roles of touch during phone conversations by observing long-distance couples' one month use of POKE in their homes. POKE enables users to deliver touches through an inflatable surface on the front of the device that receives index finger pressure inputs on the back of another device, while allowing the callers to maintain a conventional phone-calling posture. After a month of use by three couples, we found unexpected roles of touch in that it supported the couples in developing and sharing their tactile vocabularies by applying POKE during various conversational situations. Moreover, the findings confirmed the roles that touch play in face-to-face communication. In particular, POKE was useful for expressing and understanding emotions, resolving conversations smoothly by replacing the words, feeling close to the partner at a distance, and concentrating on the phone conversations. We conclude by discussing the unused situations, privacy issues, and usable targets to improve POKE as a way of future tactile phone conversations.	The roles of touch during phone conversations: long-distance couples' use of POKE in their homes	NA:NA:NA	2018
Diane Tam:Karon E. MacLean:Joanna McGrenere:Katherine J. Kuchenbecker	To moderate oral presentations a chair must manage time, and communicate time parameters to speakers through a variety of means. But speakers often miss time cues, chairs cannot confirm their receipt, and the broken dialogue can be a sideshow for the audience. We developed HaNS, a wireless wrist-worn chair-speaker Haptic Notification System that delivers tactile cues for time-managing oral presentations, and performed field observations at university research seminars and two mid-sized academic conferences (input from 66 speakers, 21 chairs, and 65 audience members). Results indicate that HaNS can improve a user's awareness of time, facilitate chair-speaker coordination, and reduce distraction of speaker and audience through its private communication channel. Eliminating overruns will require improvement in speaker 'internal' control, which our results suggest HaNS can also support given practice. We conclude with design guidelines for both conference-deployed and personal timing tools, using touch or another notification modality.	The design and field observation of a haptic notification system for timing awareness during oral presentations	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hans Gellersen	NA	Session details: Papers: public displays	NA	2018
Hannu Kukka:Heidi Oja:Vassilis Kostakos:Jorge Gonçalves:Timo Ojala	Most studies take for granted the critical first steps that prelude interaction with a public display: awareness of the interactive affordances of the display, and enticement to interact. In this paper we investigate mechanisms for enticing interaction on public displays, and study the effectiveness of visual signals in overcoming the 'first click' problem. We combined 3 atomic visual elements (color/greyscale, animation/static, and icon/text) to form 8 visual signals that were deployed on 8 interactive public displays on a university campus for 8 days. Our findings show that text is more effective in enticing interaction than icons, color more than greyscale, and static signals are more effective than animated. Further, we identify gender differences in the effectiveness of these signals. Finally, we identify a behavior termed "display avoidance" that people exhibit with interactive public displays.	What makes you click: exploring visual signals to entice interaction on public displays	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Florian Alt:Alireza Sahami Shirazi:Thomas Kubitza:Albrecht Schmidt	Falling hardware prices and ever more displays being connected to the Internet will lead to large public display networks, potentially forming a novel communication medium. We envision that such networks are not restricted to display owners and advertisers anymore, but allow also passersby (e.g., customers) to exchange content, similar to traditional public notice areas, such as bulletin boards. In this context it is crucial to understand emerging practices and provide easy and straight forward interaction techniques to be used for creating and exchanging content. In this paper, we present Digifieds, a digital public notice area we built to investigate and compare possible interaction techniques. Based on a lab study we show that using direct touch at the display as well as using the mobile phone as a complementing interaction technology are most suitable. Direct touch at the display closely resembles the interaction known from classic bulletin boards and provides the highest usability. Mobile phones preserve the users' privacy as they exchange (sensitive) data with the display and at the same time allow content to be created on-the-go or to be retrieved.	Interaction techniques for creating and exchanging content with public displays	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Constantin Schmidt:Jörg Müller:Gilles Bailly	We propose and validate a model of the perception area of content on public displays in order to predict from where users can read. From this model, we derive Screenfinity, a technique to rotate, translate, and zoom content in order to enable reading while passing by very large displays. Screenfinity is comfortable to read when close, supports different content for different users, does not waste screen real estate and allows expert passers-by to read content while walking. A laboratory study shows that expert users are able to perceive content when it moves. A field study evaluates the effect of Screenfinity on novice users in an ecologically valid setting. We find 1) first time users can read content without slowing down or stopping; 2) Passers-by stopping did so to explore the technology. Users explore the interaction, the limits of the system, manipulate the technology, and look behind the screen.	Screenfinity: extending the perception area of content on very large public displays	NA:NA:NA	2018
Gilbert Beyer:Florian Köttner:Manuel Schiewe:Ivo Haulsen:Andreas Butz	Recent research has presented large public displays in novel non-flat shapes such as spheres, curved planes and cylinders, and looked at the influence of the form factor on user behavior. Yet, the basic shape cannot be considered in isolation when interpreting the behavior of passers-by around such displays. In this paper we investigate two further display factors, framedness and seamlessness, that have to be considered in conjunction with the form factor to understand user behavior in front of large non-flat displays. We present the findings from a field study with an interactive column display and take a closer look at how these factors influence actor and bystander behavior. Our results show that rectangular frames act as a sort of funnel for user position and can easily override effects of the non-flat shape on user position and interaction, even though the users didn't recall the presence of these frames.	Squaring the circle: how framing influences user behavior around a seamless cylindrical display	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Yunan Chen	NA	Session details: Papers: communicating health	NA	2018
Si Sun:Xiaomu Zhou:Joshua C. Denny:Trent S. Rosenbloom:Hua Xu	The patient portal is a relatively new healthcare information technology that enables patients more convenient access to their healthcare information and allows them to send messages to their doctors. Our study examines the themes discussed in these messages and the different ways in which patients communicate with their providers via a portal employed in a large medical center. We also explore the differences between the patient portal and more traditional communication media, and investigated the advantages and potential problems of the portal system. Our findings show a wide variety of topics discussed in the communication messages (such as medication, appointments, laboratory tests, etc.) and how patients provide information, consult with their providers, and express psychosocial and emotional needs. We argue that the patient portal improves the accuracy of communication and could facilitate illness management for patients, especially over a longer term. However, messaging through the patient portal is not popular among patients and the simultaneous use of multiple communication media may create information gaps. More research is needed to better elucidate barriers to the use of patient portals and the optimal methods of communication and information integration given different contexts.	Messaging to your doctors: understanding patient-provider communications via a portal system	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Franco Curmi:Maria Angela Ferrario:Jen Southern:Jon Whittle	A number of studies in the literature have looked into the use of real-time biometric data to improve one's own physiological performance and wellbeing. However, there is limited research that looks into the effects that sharing biometric data with others could have on one's social network. Following a period of research on existing mobile applications and prototype testing, we developed a system, HeartLink, which collects real-time personal biometric data such as heart rate and broadcasts this data online. Insights gained on designing systems to broadcast real-time biometric data are presented. In this paper we also report emerging results from testing HeartLink in a pilot study and a user study that were conducted during sport events. The results showed that sharing heart rate data does influence the relationship of the persons involved and that the degree of influence seems related to the tie strength prior to visualizing the data.	HeartLink: open broadcast of live biometric data to social networks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Carolyn E. Pang:Carman Neustaedter:Bernhard E. Riecke:Erick Oduor:Serena Hillman	When a patient has a chronic illness, such as heart disease or cancer, it can be challenging for distributed family members to stay aware of the patient's health status. A variety of technologies are available to support health information sharing (e.g., phone, video chat, social media), yet we still do not have a detailed understanding of which technologies are preferred and what challenges people still face when sharing information with them. To explore this, we conducted a mixed-method study-involving a survey and in-depth interviews--with people about their health information sharing routines and preferences for different technologies. Regardless of physical distance between distributed family members, synchronous methods of communication afforded the opportunity to provide affective support while asynchronous methods of communication were deemed to be the least intrusive. With family members adopting certain roles during the treatment of chronic illnesses, our findings suggest the need to design tools that mediate sharing health information across distance and age gaps, with consideration to respecting patient privacy while sharing health information.	Technology preferences and routines for sharing health information during the treatment of a chronic illness	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tae-Jung Yun:Rosa I. Arriaga	The goal of this study was to extend and replicate an SMS health intervention for pediatric asthma patients. This intervention was designed using the Health Belief Model (HBM). Thirty patients were randomly assigned to one of three conditions. In the Knowledge condition patients were queried about their asthma knowledge every other day. In the Knowledge and Symptoms condition patients received a daily text message. They were queried about their symptoms and knowledge of asthma on alternate days. The Control group received no texts. Our main finding is that daily text messages lead to improved health outcomes. We explain our results in the context of interview data and the HBM. We conclude by suggesting that the HBM can be used to inform and evaluate system design for chronic care beyond asthma and by considering the role that replication studies can play in HCI research.	A text message a day keeps the pulmonologist away	NA:NA	2018
Xiangshi Ren	NA	Session details: Papers: reading and writing	NA	2018
Benjamin Lafreniere:Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice	Web-based tutorials are a popular help resource for learning how to perform unfamiliar tasks in complex software. However, in their current form, web tutorials are isolated from the applications that they support. In this paper we present FollowUs, a web-tutorial system that integrates a fully-featured application into a web-based tutorial. This novel architecture enables community enhanced tutorials, which continuously improve as more users work with them. FollowUs captures video demonstrations of users as they perform a tutorial. Subsequent users can use the original tutorial, or choose from a library of captured community demonstrations of each tutorial step. We conducted a user study to test the benefits of making multiple demonstrations available to users, and found that users perform significantly better using our system with a library of multiple demonstrations in comparison to its equivalent baseline system with only the original authored content.	Community enhanced tutorials: improving tutorials with multiple demonstrations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jakob F. Leitner:Florian Perteneder:Can Liu:Christian Rendl:Michael Haller	Triggering commands on large interactive surfaces is less efficient than on desktop PCs. It requires either large physical movements to reach an interaction area (e.g., buttons) or additional operations to call context menus (e.g., dwell). There is a lack of efficient ways to trigger shortcuts. We introduce Kolibri - a pen-based gesture system that allows fast access of commands on interactive whiteboards. Users can draw tiny gestures (approx. 3 mm) anywhere on the surface to trigger commands without interfering with normal inking. This approach does neither require entering a gesture mode, nor dedicated gesture areas. The implementation relies on off-the-shelf hardware only. We tested the feasibility and explored the properties of this technique with several studies. The results from a controlled experiment show significant benefits of Kolibri comparing to an existing approach.	Kolibri: tiny and fast gestures for large pen-based surfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nicholas Chen:François Guimbretière:Abigail Sellen	In laboratory studies, multi-surface slate-based reading systems have shown great promise as platforms for active reading. However, the true utility of such a system can only be ascertained through the rigors of real world use. We conducted month-long deployments of a multi-slate reading system to support the active reading activities of graduate students in the humanities. During these deployments we documented how the added display area and increased micro-mobility of multiple devices enhanced navigation and reading comfort. We also noted the essential role of writing and annotation. Finally, we observed how electronic affordances like synchronization across devices helped provide functionality that would not have been possible with paper documents. This paper contributes new information about how electronic reading solutions fit into real world reading workflows.	Graduate student use of a multi-slate reading system	NA:NA:NA	2018
David Wilfinger:Martin Murer:Sebastian Osswald:Alexander Meschtscherjakov:Manfred Tscheligi	The steering wheel is a promising space for the integration of displays since in the car there is very limited space for integrating interactive modalities for the driver that are close to the preferred field of view as well as in an easy to reach position. When the wheel is turned, the screen content could change its orientation to increase the readability and therefore reduce the distraction from the road. Thus, this paper describes three different content rotation behaviors for steering wheel displays. To investigate what effect these behaviors have on the driver in terms of visual distraction from the road we conducted a user study with eye tracking asking participants to read the current speed. We found no differences in terms of distraction and response time between the different rotation behaviors. Compared to a similar display in a dashboard position the visual distraction was reduced.	The wheels are turning: content rotation on steering wheel displays	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Siân Lindley	NA	Session details: Papers: studying digital artifacts	NA	2018
Rebecca Gulotta:William Odom:Jodi Forlizzi:Haakon Faste	Legacy is the meaningful and complex way in which information, values, and possessions are passed on to others. As digital systems and information become meaningfully parts of people's everyday and social relationships, it is essential to develop new insights about how technology intersects with legacy and inheritance practices. We designed three interactive systems to investigate how digital materials might be passed down in the future. We conducted in-home interviews with ten parents using the systems to provoke discussion about how technology might support or complicate their existing practices. Sessions revealed parents desired to treat their digital information in ways not fully supported by technology. Findings are interpreted to describe design considerations for future work in this emerging space.	Digital artifacts as legacy: exploring the lifespan and value of digital data	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Corina Sas:Steve Whittaker	People are increasingly acquiring huge collections of digital possessions. Despite some pleas for 'forgetting', most theorists argue for retaining all these possessions to enhance 'total recall' of our everyday lives. However, there has been little exploration of the negative role of digital possessions when people want to forget aspects of their lives. We report on interviews with 24 people about their possessions after a romantic breakup. We found that digital possessions were often evocative and upsetting in this context, leading to distinct disposal strategies with different outcomes. We advance theory by finding strong evidence for the value of intentional forgetting and provide new data about complex practices associated with the disposal of digital possessions. Our findings led to a number of design implications to help people better manage this process, including automatic harvesting of digital possessions, tools for self-control, artifact crafting as sense-making, and digital spaces for shared possessions.	Design for forgetting: disposing of digital possessions after a breakup	NA:NA	2018
William Odom:John Zimmerman:Jodi Forlizzi:Ana López Higuera:Mauro Marchitto:José Cañas:Youn-kyung Lim:Tek-Jin Nam:Moon-Hwan Lee:Yeoreum Lee:Da-jung Kim:Yea-kyung Row:Jinmin Seok:Bokyung Sohn:Heather Moore	People worldwide are increasingly acquiring collections of virtual possessions. While virtual possessions have become ubiquitous, little work exists on how people value and form attachments to these things. To investigate, we conducted a study with 48 young adults from South Korea, Spain and the United States. The study probed on participants' perceived value of their virtual possessions as compared to their material things, and the comparative similarities and differences across cultures. Findings show that young adults live in unfinished spaces and that they often experience a sense of fragmentation when trying to integrate their virtual possessions into their lives. These findings point to several design opportunities, such as tools for life story-oriented archiving, and insights on better forms of Cloud storage.	Fragmentation and transition: understanding perceptions of virtual possessions among young adults in Spain, South Korea and the United States	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alexandra Weilenmann:Thomas Hillman:Beata Jungselius	The everyday use of smartphones with high quality built-in cameras has lead to an increase in museum visitors' use of these devices to document and share their museum experiences. In this paper, we investigate how one particular photo sharing application, Instagram, is used to communicate visitors' experiences while visiting a museum of natural history. Based on an analysis of 222 instagrams created in the museum, as well as 14 interviews with the visitors who created them, we unpack the compositional resources and concerns contributing to the creation of instagrams in this particular context. By re-categorizing and re-configuring the museum environment, instagrammers work to construct their own narratives from their visits. These findings are then used to discuss what emerging multimedia practices imply for the visitors' engagement with and documentation of museum exhibits. Drawing upon these practices, we discuss the connection between online social media dialogue and the museum site.	Instagram at the museum: communicating the museum experience through social photo sharing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Massimi	NA	Session details: Papers: ethics in HCI	NA	2018
Donald McMillan:Alistair Morrison:Matthew Chalmers	The recent rise in large scale trials of mobile software using 'app stores' has moved current researcher practice beyond available ethical guidelines. By surveying this recent and growing body of literature, as well as established professional principles adopted in psychology, we propose a set of ethical guidelines for large scale HCI user trials. These guidelines come in two parts: a set of general principles and a framework into which individual app store-based trials can be assessed and ethical concerns exposed. We categorise existing literature using our scheme, and explain how researchers could use our framework to classify their future user trials to determine ethical responsibility, and the steps required to meet these obligations.	Categorised ethical guidelines for large scale mobile HCI	NA:NA:NA	2018
Eytan Adar:Desney S. Tan:Jaime Teevan	Though it has been asserted that "good design is honest", [42] deception exists throughout human-computer interaction research and practice. Because of the stigma associated with deception - in many cases rightfully so - the research community has focused its energy on eradicating malicious deception, and ignored instances in which deception is positively employed. In this paper we present the notion of benevolent deception, deception aimed at benefitting the user as well as the developer. We frame our discussion using a criminology-inspired model and ground components in various examples. We assert that this provides us with a set of tools and principles that not only helps us with system and interface design, but that opens new research areas. After all, as Cockton claims in his 2004 paper "Value-Centered HCI" [13], "Traditional disciplines have delivered truth. The goal of HCI is to deliver value."	Benevolent deception in human computer interaction	NA:NA:NA	2018
John Vines:Anja Thieme:Rob Comber:Mark Blythe:Peter C. Wright:Patrick Olivier	HCI researchers working in publically funded institutions are increasingly encouraged to engage the public in their research. Mass media is often seen as an effective medium with which to communicate research to large parts of the population. We present an account of three HCI projects that have used engagements with mass media in order to communicate research to the public. We describe the motivations for working with mass media and the mechanics of writing press releases. A grounded theory analysis of online public responses to the projects in the mass media leads us to identify a number of concerns about how research is portrayed by news outlets and thus interpreted by the public. Tensions about technologies and wider societal issues were revealed that might normally be hidden when using traditional user-centred methods. We critically reflect on the efficacy of using the mass media in research and provide guidance for HCI researchers wishing to engage in dialogues with the public in the future.	HCI in the press: online public reactions to mass media portrayals of HCI research	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Wendy Moncur	As technology progressively pervades all aspects of our lives, members of the HCI community are engaging with increasingly sensitive contexts in their research - for example, end of life, genocide, computer-mediated communication under oppressive regimes. The considerations generated by research in such contexts can go well beyond those addressed by generic ethical approval processes and institutional practice. Whilst it is standard to ensure that the wellbeing of participants is taken into account in research design and the ethical approval process, it is much less common for the researcher's own emotional wellbeing to be considered explicitly. This paper describes the role that a researcher's emotions may play in research, and the impact which research in sensitive contexts can have on researchers' emotional wellbeing and on research validity. A qualitative survey is described which investigated the support mechanisms which HCI researchers have in place in case they are distressed/troubled as a result of their research. The results of the survey are used, in combination with insights into how other disciplines address the topic, to synthesize suggestions for ways in which the HCI community can proactively incorporate consideration for the emotional wellbeing of the researcher into the research process.	The emotional wellbeing of researchers: considerations for practice	NA	2018
Lian Loke	NA	Session details: Papers: embodied interaction 2	NA	2018
Andre Doucette:Regan L. Mandryk:Carl Gutwin:Miguel Nacenta:Andriy Pavlovych	Collaborative tabletop systems can employ direct touch, where people's real arms and hands manipulate objects, or indirect input, where people are represented on the table with digital embodiments. The input type and the resulting embodiment dramatically influence tabletop interaction: in particular, the touch avoidance that naturally governs people's touching and crossing behavior with physical arms is lost with digital embodiments. One result of this loss is that people are less aware of each others' arms, and less able to coordinate actions and protect personal territories. To determine whether there are strategies that can influence group interaction on shared digital tabletops, we studied augmented digital arm embodiments that provide tactile feedback or movement alterations when people touched or crossed arms. The study showed that both augmentation types changed people's behavior (people crossed less than half as often) and also changed their perception (people felt more aware of the other person's arm, and felt more awkward when touching). This work shows how groupware designers can influence people's interaction, awareness, and coordination abilities when physical constraints are absent.	The effects of tactile feedback and movement alteration on interaction and awareness with digital embodiments	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eva Deckers:Stephan Wensveen:Pierre Levy:Rene Ahn	Perceptual crossing is the reciprocal interplay of perceiving while being perceived. In this paper we discuss the last iteration of our ongoing research project on designing for perceptive qualities in systems of interactive products. We describe the design of explorative behavior in an artifact to enable the artifact and a person to engage in perceptual crossing. The explorative behavior is compared to the following and active behavior, the results of two earlier iterations. Through the iterations we formulated, applied and evaluated design relevant knowledge in the form of seven design notions. These notions inform design-researchers and design-practitioners on how to design for perceptive qualities in systems of interactive products. Here we specifically focus on how the artifact detects active perceptive behavior of a person, and how the artifact becomes aware of bygone perception and anticipates on future perception. An experiment shows how participants preferred the resulting explorative behavior that is closest to our theoretical framework based on phenomenology.	Designing for perceptual crossing: designing and comparing three behaviors	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Francesco Cafaro:Alessandro Panella:Leilah Lyons:Jessica Roberts:Josh Radinsky	Museums are increasingly embracing technologies that provide highly-individualized and highly-interactive experiences to visitors. With embodied interaction experiences, increased localization accuracy supports greater nuance in interaction design, but there is usually a tradeoff between fast, accurate tracking and the ability to preserve the identity of users. Customization of experience relies on the ability to detect the identity of visitors, however. We present a method that combines fine-grained indoor tracking with robust preservation of the unique identities of multiple users. Our model merges input from an RFID reader with input from a commercial camera-based tracking system. We developed a probabilistic Bayesian model to infer at run-time the correct identification of the subjects in the camera's field of view. This method, tested in a lab and at a local museum, requires minimal modification to the exhibition space, while addressing several identity-preservation problems for which many indoor tracking systems do not have robust solutions.	I see you there!: developing identity-preserving embodied interaction for museum exhibits	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Irene Rae:Leila Takayama:Bilge Mutlu	Communication technologies are becoming increasingly diverse in form and functionality, making it important to identify which aspects of these technologies actually improve geographically distributed communication. Our study examines two potentially important aspects of communication technologies which appear in robot-mediated communication - physical embodiment and control of this embodiment. We studied the impact of physical embodiment and control upon interpersonal trust in a controlled laboratory experiment using three different videoconferencing settings: (1) a handheld tablet controlled by a local user, (2) an embodied system controlled by a local user, and (3) an embodied system controlled by a remote user (n = 29 dyads). We found that physical embodiment and control by the local user increased the amount of trust built between partners. These results suggest that both physical embodiment and control of the system influence interpersonal trust in mediated communication and have implications for future system designs.	In-body experiences: embodiment, control, and trust in robot-mediated communication	NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniela K. Busse	NA	Session details: Papers: design research	NA	2018
Jo Vermeulen:Kris Luyten:Elise van den Hoven:Karin Coninx	Feedback and affordances are two of the most well-known principles in interaction design. Unfortunately, the related and equally important notion of feedforward has not been given as much consideration. Nevertheless, feedforward is a powerful design principle for bridging Norman's Gulf of Execution. We reframe feedforward by disambiguating it from related design principles such as feedback and perceived affordances, and identify new classes of feedforward. In addition, we present a reference framework that provides a means for designers to explore and recognize different opportunities for feedforward.	Crossing the bridge over Norman's Gulf of Execution: revealing feedforward's true identity	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kathleen O'Leary:Jacob O. Wobbrock:Eve A. Riskin	A "discount" version of Q-methodology for HCI, called "HCI-Q", can be used in iterative design cycles to explore, from the point of view of users and other stakeholders, what makes technologies personally significant. Initially, designers critically reflect on their own assumptions about how a design may affect social and individual behavior. Then, designers use these assumptions as stimuli to elicit other people's points of view. This process of critical self-reflection and evaluation helps the designer to assess the fit between a design and its intended social context of use. To demonstrate the utility of HCI-Q for research and design, we use HCI-Q to explore stakeholders' responses to a prototype Alternative and Augmentative Communication (AAC) application called Vid2Speech. We show that our adaptation of Q-methodology is useful for revealing the structure of consensus and conflict among stakeholder perspectives, helping to situate design within the context of relevant value tensions and norms.	Q-methodology as a research and design tool for HCI	NA:NA:NA	2018
David J. Roedl:Erik Stolterman	This note describes our analysis of 35 papers from CHI 2011 that aim to improve or support interaction design practice. In our analysis, we characterize how these CHI authors conceptualize design practice and the types of contributions they propose. This work is motivated by the recognition that design methods proposed by HCI researchers often do not fit the needs and constraints of professional design practice. As a complement to the analysis of the CHI papers we also interviewed 13 practitioners about their attitudes towards learning new methods and approaches. We conclude the note by offering some critical reflections about how HCI research can better support actual design practice.	Design research at CHI and its applicability to design practice	NA:NA	2018
Jared S. Bauer:Julie A. Kientz	Generating potential design ideas through ideation often benefits from the spontaneity of random ideas. Having potential users participate in this process can be beneficial, but is often difficult to implement. We present a new method for generating design ideas with potential users. The method uses scenarios with missing words, which potential users fill in to generate ideas for features and attributes of new technology designs, similar to the children's game of Mad Libs. We developed three different formats of DesignLibs, including 1) "Mad Libs-style": blanks presented before seeing the scenario, 2) "Fill-in-the-Blanks": blanks presented within the context of the scenario, and 3) "Q&A": blanks presented as questions and answers. We found that Design-Libs generated a number of new ideas, with the Fill-in-the-Blanks method providing the highest ratings for usefulness, feasibility, and diversity of answers. All three formats provided equal ratings for creativity.	DesignLibs: a scenario-based design method for ideation	NA:NA	2018
Jon Froehlich	NA	Session details: Papers: developing the world	NA	2018
Susan P. Wyche:Laura L. Murphy	Can human-powered devices solve the electricity gap for the millions of rural Africans adopting mobile phones? Findings from our long-term evaluation of two personal crank-based charging systems in Kenya reveal that small hand and leg-powered devices do have potential to meet the needs of rural mobile phone users. Unfortunately, device breakage, theft and incompatibility with handsets, coupled with lack of consumer credit and poorly functioning markets for these goods mean these represent only a partial solution to the mobile phone charging problem. Drawing from our fieldwork, we motivate a HCI4D/ICTD design and evaluation agenda that better accounts for unique individuals' geographic, financial, and economic circumstances or their human computer ecosystem. Key strategies for implementing this agenda are engaging with diverse users on their own terms and conducting long-term qualitative evaluations to reveal how acceptance and usability change over time.	Powering the cellphone revolution: findings from mobile phone charging trials in off-grid Kenya	NA:NA	2018
Yedendra B. Shrinivasan:Mohit Jain:Deva P. Seetharam:Abhishek Choudhary:Elaine M. Huang:Tawanna Dillahunt:Jennifer Mankoff	Rapid depletion of fossil fuels and water resources has become an international problem. Urban residential households are among the primary consumers of resources and are deeply affected by resource shortages. Despite the global nature of these problems, most of the solutions being developed to address these issues are based on studies done in the developed world. We present a study of energy, water and fuel conservation practices in urban India. Our study highlights a culture of deep conservation and the results raise questions about the viability of typical solutions such as home energy monitors. We identify new opportunities for design such as point-of-use feedback technologies, modular solutions, distributed energy storage, harnessing by-products and automated load shifting.	Deep conservation in urban India and its implications for the design of conservation technologies	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Volker Wulf:Konstantin Aal:Ibrahim Abu Kteish:Meryem Atam:Kai Schubert:Markus Rohde:George P. Yerousis:David Randall	We analyze practices of political activists in a Palestinian village located in the West Bank. Activists organize weekly demonstrations against Israel's settlement policy and the separation wall. Over a period of 28 months, we conducted a field study consisting of eight days 'on the ground' observation and interviewing, and extensive monitoring of Internet communication. We describe the activists' background and their efforts to organize these demonstrations under conditions of military occupation. Over time, we observe the role both digital and material factors play in the organization of protest. Specifically, we analyze how Email and Facebook were appropriated to facilitate interaction 'on the ground'.	Fighting against the wall: social media use by political activists in a Palestinian village	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Neha Kumar:Nimmi Rangaswamy	Building on a growing body of human-computer interaction (HCI) literature on information and communication technology (ICT) use in the developing world, this paper describes the vast, growing mobile media consumption culture in India, which relies on the ubiquity of informal socioeconomic practices for reproducing, sharing, and distributing pirated digital media. Using an Actor-Network Theory (ANT) based approach, we show how piracy not only fuels media consumption, but also drives further technology adoption and promotes digital literacy. To do this, we first uncover the role of piracy as a legitimate actor that brings ICT capability to underserved communities and reveal the heterogeneous character of the pirated mobile media distribution and consumption infrastructure in India. We then emphasize the benefits of an ANT-based theory-driven analysis to HCI's efforts in this arena. In particular, ANT enables us to one, draw attention to the ties in the pirate media network that facilitate the increased decentralization of piracy in India; two, highlight the progressive transition from the outsourcing to the self-sourcing of users' media needs as this network evolves; and three, recognize the agency of human and non-human entities in this inherently sociotechnical ecosystem.	The mobile media actor-network in urban India	NA:NA	2018
Xianghua Ding	NA	Session details: Papers: collaborative creation	NA	2018
Lydia B. Chilton:Greg Little:Darren Edge:Daniel S. Weld:James A. Landay	Taxonomies are a useful and ubiquitous way of organizing information. However, creating organizational hierarchies is difficult because the process requires a global understanding of the objects to be categorized. Usually one is created by an individual or a small group of people working together for hours or even days. Unfortunately, this centralized approach does not work well for the large, quickly changing datasets found on the web. Cascade is an automated workflow that allows crowd workers to spend as little at 20 seconds each while collectively making a taxonomy. We evaluate Cascade and show that on three datasets its quality is 80-90% of that of experts. Cascade has a competitive cost to expert information architects, despite taking six times more human labor. Fortunately, this labor can be parallelized such that Cascade will run in as fast as four minutes instead of hours or days.	Cascade: crowdsourcing taxonomy creation	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Burr Settles:Steven Dow	In online creative communities, members work together to produce music, movies, games, and other cultural products. Despite the proliferation of collaboration in these communities, we know little about how these teams form and what leads to their ultimate success. Building on theories of social identity and exchange, we present an exploratory study of an online songwriting community. We analyze four years of longitudinal behavioral data using a novel path-based regression model that accurately predicts and reveals key variables about collab formation. Combined with a large-scale survey of members, we find that communication, nuanced complementary interest and status, and a balanced effort from both parties contribute to successful collaborations. We also discuss several applications of these findings for socio-technical infrastructures that support online creative production.	Let's get together: the formation and success of online creative collaborations	NA:NA	2018
Tyler Pace:Austin Toombs:Shad Gross:Tony Pattin:Jeffrey Bardzell:Shaowen Bardzell	In this paper, we look at the prominent World of Warcraft machinima community as an expert amateur online com-munity and present a multi-part study of a canon of the most successful works (i.e., machinima videos) produced by this community. By focusing our study on its roughly 300 most successful examples, the determination of which we explain in the paper, we are able to highlight the evolv-ing visual practices, tools, and aesthetic sensibilities of the community. Chiefly, our study identifies how creativity support tools and visual practices are inextricably linked and mutually support the in-kind development of the other. For WoW machinima and its producers, the affordance of creativity tools and the cultivation of visual skill synced at key moments and in powerful ways to support the rapid growth, experimentation, and refinement of amateur exper-tise at the individual and community levels.	A tribute to Mad skill: expert amateur visuality and world of Warcraft Machinima	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Cottman-Fields:Margot Brereton:Paul Roe	This paper investigates engaging experienced birders, as volunteer citizen scientists, to analyze large recorded audio datasets gathered through environmental acoustic monitoring. Although audio data is straightforward to gather, automated analysis remains a challenging task; the existing expertise, local knowledge and motivation of the birder community can complement computational approaches and provide distinct benefits. We explored both the culture and practice of birders, and paradigms for interacting with recorded audio data. A variety of candidate design elements were tested with birders. This study contributes an understanding of how virtual interactions and practices can be developed to complement existing practices of experienced birders in the physical world. In so doing this study contributes a new approach to engagement in e-science. Whereas most citizen science projects task lay participants with discrete real world or artificial activities, sometimes using extrinsic motivators, this approach builds on existing intrinsically satisfying practices.	Virtual birding: extending an environmental pastime into the virtual world for citizen science	NA:NA:NA	2018
Walter S. Lasecki:Christopher D. Miller:Jeffrey P. Bigham	In this paper, we introduce the idea of "warping time" to improve crowd performance on the difficult task of captioning speech in real-time. Prior work has shown that the crowd can collectively caption speech in real-time by merging the partial results of multiple workers. Because non-expert workers cannot keep up with natural speaking rates, the task is frustrating and prone to errors as workers buffer what they hear to type later. The TimeWarp approach automatically increases and decreases the speed of speech playback systematically across individual workers who caption only the periods played at reduced speed. Studies with 139 remote crowd workers and 24 local participants show that this approach improves median coverage (14.8%), precision (11.2%), and per-word latency (19.1%). Warping time may also help crowds outperform individuals on other difficult real-time performance tasks.	Warping time for more effective real-time crowdsourcing	NA:NA:NA	2018
Effie Law	NA	Session details: Papers: aesthetics and the web	NA	2018
Katharina Reinecke:Tom Yeh:Luke Miratrix:Rahmatri Mardiko:Yuechen Zhao:Jenny Liu:Krzysztof Z. Gajos	Users make lasting judgments about a website's appeal within a split second of seeing it for the first time. This first impression is influential enough to later affect their opinions of a site's usability and trustworthiness. In this paper, we demonstrate a means to predict the initial impression of aesthetics based on perceptual models of a website's colorfulness and visual complexity. In an online study, we collected ratings of colorfulness, visual complexity, and visual appeal of a set of 450 websites from 548 volunteers. Based on these data, we developed computational models that accurately measure the perceived visual complexity and colorfulness of website screenshots. In combination with demographic variables such as a user's education level and age, these models explain approximately half of the variance in the ratings of aesthetic appeal given after viewing a website for 500ms only.	Predicting users' first impressions of website aesthetics with a quantification of perceived visual complexity and colorfulness	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jennefer Hart:Alistair G. Sutcliffe:Antonella De Angeli	This paper investigates general and individual evaluations of User Experience (UX) with interactive web sites. A series of studies investigate user judgment on web sites with different interactivity levels over repeated exposures. The more interactive websites produced more positive affect, had better design quality ratings, which improved with exposure, and were preferred. Differences between the more interactive sites indicated overall UX was influenced by users' preferences for interactive styles, with both sites having enthusiast, potential adopter, and non-adopter users. The implications for models and frameworks of UX are discussed.	Love it or hate it!: interactivity and user types	NA:NA:NA	2018
David R. Flatla:Katharina Reinecke:Carl Gutwin:Krzysztof Z. Gajos	Colours are an important part of user experiences on the Web. Colour schemes influence the aesthetics, first impressions and long-term engagement with websites. However, five percent of people perceive a subset of all colours because they have colour vision deficiency (CVD), resulting in an unequal and less-rich user experience on the Web. Traditionally, people with CVD have been supported by recolouring tools that improve colour differentiability, but do not consider the subjective properties of colour schemes while recolouring. To address this, we developed SPRWeb, a tool that recolours websites to preserve subjective responses and improve colour differentiability - thus enabling users with CVD to have similar online experiences. To develop SPRWeb, we extended existing models of non-CVD subjective responses to CVD, then used this extended model to steer the recolouring process. In a lab study, we found that SPRWeb did significantly better than a standard recolouring tool at preserving the temperature and naturalness of websites, while achieving similar weight and differentiability preservation. We also found that recolouring did not preserve activity, and hypothesize that visual complexity influences activity more than colour. SPRWeb is the first tool to automatically preserve the subjective and perceptual properties of website colour schemes thereby equalizing the colour-based web experience for people with CVD.	SPRWeb: preserving subjective responses to website colour schemes through automatic recolouring	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Manfred Tscheligi	NA	Session details: Papers: evaluation methods 2	NA	2018
Alexandre N. Tuch:Rune Trusell:Kasper Hornbæk	Recent research in user experience (UX) has studied narratives, users' account of their interaction with technology. It has emphasized specific constructs (e.g., affect, needs, hedonics) and their interrelation, but rarely analyzed the content of the narratives. We analyze the content and structure of 691 user-generated narratives on positive and negative experiences with technology. We use a multi-method approach consisting of manual (structural analysis of narratives) as well as of automated content analysis methods (psycholinguistic analysis and machine learning). These analyses show converging evidence that positive narratives predominantly concern social aspects such as family and friends. In addition, technology is positively experienced when it enables users to do things more efficiently or in a new way. In contrast, negative narratives often express anger and frustration due to technological failures. Our multi-method approach illustrates the potential of automated (as opposed to manual) content analysis methods for studying text-based experience reports.	Analyzing users' narratives to understand experience with interactive products	NA:NA:NA	2018
Steffen Hedegaard:Jakob Grue Simonsen	Internet review sites allow consumers to write detailed reviews of products potentially containing information related to user experience (UX) and usability. Using 5198 sentences from 3492 online reviews of software and video games, we investigate the content of online reviews with the aims of (i) charting the distribution of information in reviews among different dimensions of usability and UX, and (ii) extracting an associated vocabulary for each dimension using techniques from natural language processing and machine learning. We (a) find that 13%-49% of sentences in our online reviews pool contain usability or UX information; (b) chart the distribution of four sets of dimensions of usability and UX across reviews from two product categories; (c) extract a catalogue of important word stems for a number of dimensions. Our results suggest that a greater understanding of users' preoccupation with different dimensions of usability and UX may be inferred from the large volume of self-reported experiences online, and that research focused on identifying pertinent dimensions of usability and UX may benefit further from empirical studies of user-generated experience reports.	Extracting usability and user experience information from online user reviews	NA:NA	2018
James R. Lewis:Brian S. Utesch:Deborah E. Maher	In this paper we present the UMUX-LITE, a two-item questionnaire based on the Usability Metric for User Experience (UMUX) [6]. The UMUX-LITE items are This system's capabilities meet my requirements and This system is easy to use." Data from two independent surveys demonstrated adequate psychometric quality of the questionnaire. Estimates of reliability were .82 and .83 -- excellent for a two-item instrument. Concurrent validity was also high, with significant correlation with the SUS (.81, .81) and with likelihood-to-recommend (LTR) scores (.74, .73). The scores were sensitive to respondents' frequency-of-use. UMUX-LITE score means were slightly lower than those for the SUS, but easily adjusted using linear regression to match the SUS scores. Due to its parsimony (two items), reliability, validity, structural basis (usefulness and usability) and, after applying the corrective regression formula, its correspondence to SUS scores, the UMUX-LITE appears to be a promising alternative to the SUS when it is not desirable to use a 10-item instrument.	UMUX-LITE: when there's no time for the SUS	NA:NA:NA	2018
Torben Sko:Henry J. Gardner:Michael Martin	This paper proposes that online HCI studies (such as web-surveys and remotely monitored usability tests) can benefit from statistical data analysis using modern statistical learning methods such as classification and regression trees (CARTs). Applying CARTs to the often large amount of data yielded by online studies can easily provide clarity concerning the most important effects underlying experimental data in situations where myriad possible factors are under consideration. The feedback provided by such an analysis can also provide valuable reflection on the experimental methodology. We discuss these matters with reference to a study of 1300 participants in a structured experiment concerned with head-interaction techniques for first-person-shooter games.	Non-parametric decision trees and online HCI	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shaun Kane	NA	Session details: Papers: design for the blind	NA	2018
Sabrina A. Panëels:Adriana Olmos:Jeffrey R. Blum:Jeremy R. Cooperstock	Although multiple GPS-based navigation applications exist for the visually impaired, these are typically poorly suited for in-situ exploration, require cumbersome hardware, lack support for widely accessible geographic databases, or do not take advantage of advanced functionality such as spatialized audio rendering. These shortcomings led to our development of a novel spatial awareness application that leverages the capabilities of a smartphone coupled with worldwide geographic databases and spatialized audio rendering to convey surrounding points of interest. This paper describes the usability evaluation of our system through a task-based study and a longer-term deployment, each conducted with six blind users in real settings. The findings highlight the importance of testing in ecologically valid contexts over sufficient periods to face real-world challenges, including balancing quality versus quantity for audio information, overcoming limitations imposed by sensor accuracy and quality of database information, and paying appropriate design attention to physical interaction with the device.	Listen to it yourself!: evaluating usability of what's around me? for the blind	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Erin Brady:Meredith Ringel Morris:Yu Zhong:Samuel White:Jeffrey P. Bigham	The challenges faced by blind people in their everyday lives are not well understood. In this paper, we report on the findings of a large-scale study of the visual questions that blind people would like to have answered. As part of this year-long study, 5,329 blind users asked 40,748 questions about photographs that they took from their iPhones using an application called VizWiz Social. We present a taxonomy of the types of questions asked, report on a number of features of the questions and accompanying photographs, and discuss how individuals changed how they used VizWiz Social over time. These results improve our understanding of the problems blind people face, and may help motivate new projects more accurately targeted to help blind people live more independently in their everyday lives.	Visual challenges in the everyday lives of blind people	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Susumu Harada:Daisuke Sato:Dustin W. Adams:Sri Kurniawan:Hironobu Takagi:Chieko Asakawa	While a photograph is a visual artifact, studies reveal that a number of people with visual impairments are also interested in being able to share their memories and experiences with their sighted counterparts in the form of a photograph. We conducted an online survey to better understand the challenges faced by people with visual impairments in sharing and organizing photos, and reviewed existing tools and their limitations. Based on our analysis, we developed an accessible mobile application that enables a visually impaired user to capture photos along with audio recordings for the ambient sound and memo description and to browse through them eyes-free. Five visually impaired participants took part in a study in which they used our app to take photographs in naturalistic settings and to share them later with a sighted viewer. The participants were able to use our app to identify each photograph on their own during the photo sharing session, and reported high satisfaction in having been able to take the initiative during the process.	Accessible photo album: enhancing the photo sharing experience for people with visual impairment	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Scott Hudson	NA	Session details: Papers: mobile interaction	NA	2018
Matthias Böhmer:Antonio Krüger	The number of available mobile applications is steadily increasing. People have rapidly adopted application stores as means to customize their devices with various functionalities that go beyond communication. Understanding the principles of mobile application usage is crucial for supporting users within this new ecosystem. In this paper, we investigate how people organize applications they have installed on their devices. We asked more than 130 participants for their habits for icon arrangement and collected more than 1,400 screenshots of their devices' menus to further ground our findings. Based on this data we can distinguish five different concepts for arranging icons on smartphone menus, e.g. based on application usage frequency and applications' functional relatedness. Additionally, we investigated how these concepts emerge in relation to frequency of application installations, removals and icon rearrangements, as well as users' experience levels. Finally we discuss implications for the design of smartphone launchers, and highlight differences to icon arrangement on stationary computers.	A study on icon arrangement by smartphone users	NA:NA	2018
Sajad Shirali-Shahreza:Gerald Penn:Ravin Balakrishnan:Yashar Ganjali	Speech certainly has advantages as an input modality for smartphone applications, especially in scenarios where using touch or keyboard entry is difficult, on increasingly miniaturized devices where useable keyboards are difficult to accommodate, or in scenarios where only small amounts of text need to be input, such as when entering SMS texts or responding to a CAPTCHA challenge. In this paper, we propose two new alternative ways to design CAPTCHAs in which the user says the answer instead of typing it with (a) output stimuli provided visually (SeeSay) or (b) auditorily (HearSay). Our user study results show that SeeSay CAPTCHA requires less time to be solved and users prefer it over current text-based CAPTCHA methods.	SeeSay and HearSay CAPTCHA for mobile interaction	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jason Wiese:T. Scott Saponas:A.J. Bernheim Brush	Enabling phones to infer whether they are currently in a pocket, purse or on a table facilitates a range of new interactions from placement-dependent notifications setting to preventing "pocket dialing". We collected data from 693 participants to understand where people keep their phone in different contexts and why. Using this data, we identified three placement personas: Single Place Pat, Consistent Casey, and All-over Alex. Based on these results, we collected two weeks of labeled accelerometer data in-situ from 32 participants. We used this data to build models for inferring phone placement, achieving an accuracy of approximately 85% for inferring whether the phone is in an enclosed location and for inferring if the phone is on the user. Finally, we prototyped a capacitive grid and a multispectral sensor and collected data from 15 participants in a laboratory to understand the added value of these sensors.	Phoneprioception: enabling mobile phones to infer where they are kept	NA:NA:NA	2018
Wenchang Xu:Chun Yu:Songmin Zhao:Jie Liu:Yuanchun Shi	Parallel web browsing describes the behavior where users visit web pages in multiple concurrent threads. Qualitative studies have observed this activity being performed with multiple browser windows or tabs. However, these solutions are not satisfying since a large amount of time is wasted on switch among windows and tabs. In this paper, we propose the multiple-page view to facilitate parallel web browsing. Specifically, we provide users with the experience of visiting multiple web pages in one browser window and tab with extensions of prevalent desktop web browsers. Through user study and survey, we found that 2-4 pages within the window size were preferred for multiple-page view in spite of the diverse screen sizes and resolutions. Analytical results of logs from the user study also showed an improvement of 26.3% in users' efficiency of performing parallel web browsing tasks, compared to traditional browsing with multiple windows or tabs.	Facilitating parallel web browsing through multiple-page view	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew Warr:Ed H. Chi	Tabbed web browsing interfaces enable users to multi-task and easily switch between open web pages. However, tabbed browsing is difficult for mobile web browsers due to the limited screen space and the reduced precision of touch. We present an experiment comparing Safari's pages-based switching interface using horizontal swiping gestures with the stacked cards-based switching interface using vertical scrolling gestures, introduced by Chrome. The results of our experiment show that cards-based switching interface allows for faster switching and is less frustrating, with no significant effect on error rates. We generalize these findings, and provide design implications for mobile information spaces.	Swipe vs. scroll: web page switching on mobile browsers	NA:NA	2018
Leah Findlater	NA	Session details: Papers: performing interaction	NA	2018
Catherine Letondal:Christophe Hurter:Rémi Lesbordes:Jean-Luc Vinot:Stéphane Conversy	We reflect upon the design of a paper-based tangible interactive space to support air traffic control. We have observed, studied, prototyped and discussed with controllers a new mixed interaction system based on Anoto, video projection, and tracking. Starting from the understanding of the benefits of tangible paper strips, our goal is to study how mixed physical and virtual augmented data can support the controllers' mental work. The context of the activity led us to depart from models that are proposed in tangible interfaces research where coherence is based on how physical objects are representative of virtual objects. We propose a new account of coherence in a mixed interaction system that integrates externalization mechanisms. We found that physical objects play two roles: they act both as representation of mental objects and as tangible artifacts for interacting with augmented features. We observed that virtual objects represent physical ones, and not the reverse, and, being virtual representations of physical objects, should seamlessly converge with the cognitive role of the physical object. Finally, we show how coherence is achieved by providing a seamless interactive space.	Flights in my hands: coherence concerns in designing Strip'TIC, a tangible space for air traffic controllers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gierad P. Laput:Mira Dontcheva:Gregg Wilensky:Walter Chang:Aseem Agarwala:Jason Linder:Eytan Adar	Photo editing can be a challenging task, and it becomes even more difficult on the small, portable screens of mobile devices that are now frequently used to capture and edit images. To address this problem we present PixelTone, a multimodal photo editing interface that combines speech and direct manipulation. We observe existing image editing practices and derive a set of principles that guide our design. In particular, we use natural language for expressing desired changes to an image, and sketching to localize these changes to specific regions. To support the language commonly used in photo-editing we develop a customized natural language interpreter that maps user phrases to specific image processing operations. Finally, we perform a user study that evaluates and demonstrates the effectiveness of our interface.	PixelTone: a multimodal interface for image editing	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrew P. McPherson:Adrian Gierakowski:Adam M. Stark	This paper addresses the question of how to extend the capabilities of a well-established interface in a way that respects users' existing expertise. The piano-style keyboard is among the most widely used and versatile of digital musical interfaces. However, it lacks the ability to alter the pitch of a note after it has been played, a limitation which prevents the performer from executing common expressive techniques including vibrato and pitch bending. We present a system for controlling pitch from the keyboard surface using capacitive touch sensors to measure the locations of the player's fingers on the keys. The large community of trained pianists makes the keyboard a compelling target for augmentation, but it also poses a challenge: how can a musical interface be extended while making use of the existing techniques performers have spent thousands of hours learning? In this paper, user studies with conservatory pianists explore the constraints of traditional keyboard technique and evaluate the usability of the continuous pitch control system. The paper also discusses implications for the extension of other established interfaces in musical and non-musical contexts.	The space between the notes: adding expressive pitch control to the piano keyboard	NA:NA:NA	2018
François Pachet:Pierre Roy:Julian Moreira:Mark d'Inverno	Loop pedals are real-time samplers that playback audio played previously by a musician. Such pedals are routinely used for music practice or outdoor "busking". However, loop pedals always playback the same material, which can make performances monotonous and boring both to the musician and the audience, preventing their widespread uptake in professional concerts. In response, we propose a new approach to loop pedals that addresses this issue, which is based on an analytical multi-modal representation of the audio input. Instead of simply playing back prerecorded audio, our system enables real-time generation of an audio accompaniment reacting to what is currently being performed by the musician. By combining different modes of performance - e.g. bass line, chords, solo - from the musician and system automatically, solo musicians can perform duets or trios with themselves, without engendering the so-called canned (boringly repetitive and unresponsive) music effect of loop pedals. We describe the technology, based on supervised classification and concatenative synthesis, and then illustrate our approach on solo performances of jazz standards by guitar. We claim this approach opens up new avenues for concert performance.	Reflexive loopers for solo musical improvisation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Matthew Hirsch:Shahram Izadi:Henry Holtzman:Ramesh Raskar	We present an 8-dimensional (8D) display that allows glasses-free viewing of 3D imagery, whist capturing and reacting to incident environmental and user controlled light sources. We demonstrate two interactive possibilities enabled by our lens-array-based hardware prototype, and realtime GPU-accelerated software pipeline. Additionally, we describe a path to deploying such displays in the future, using current Sensor-in-Pixel (SIP) LCD panels, which physically collocate sensing and display elements.	8D: interacting with a relightable glasses-free 3D display	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eva Hornecker	NA	Session details: Papers: engagement	NA	2018
Imeh Akpan:Paul Marshall:Jon Bird:Daniel Harrison	Very little research has concurrently explored the influence of both physical space and social context (or place) on the way people engage with a public interactive display. We addressed this issue with a novel approach: studying how people engaged with the same interactive installation in ten situations with varying spatial and social properties. The main finding across these studies is that place trumps space: a conducive social context could overcome a poor physical space and encourage interaction; conversely, an inappropriate social context could inhibit interaction in spaces that might normally facilitate engagement. We discuss this finding in terms of the salience of the display within the space, the visibility of incidental interactions with the installation, the different understandings of place that people can have in the same location and the role of emergent champions and comperes in encouraging interaction.	Exploring the effects of space and place on engagement with an interactive installation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Henning Pohl:Roderick Murray-Smith	We describe the focused-casual continuum, a framework for describing interaction techniques according to the degree to which they allow users to adapt how much attention and effort they choose to invest in an interaction conditioned on their current situation. Casual interactions are particularly appropriate in scenarios where full engagement with devices is frowned upon socially, is unsafe, physically challenging or too mentally taxing. Novel sensing approaches which go beyond direct touch enable wider use of casual interactions, which will often be 'around device' interactions. We consider the degree to which previous commercial products and research prototypes can be considered as fitting the focused-casual framework, and describe the properties using control theoretic concepts. In an experimental study we observe that users naturally apply more precise and more highly engaged interaction techniques when faced with a more challenging task and use more relaxed gestures in easier tasks.	Focused and casual interactions: allowing users to vary their level of engagement	NA:NA	2018
Qianli Xu:Liyuan Li:Gang Wang	Recognizing users' engagement state and intentions is a pressing task for computational agents to facilitate fluid conversations in situated interactions. We investigate how to quantitatively evaluate high-level user engagement and intentions based on low-level visual cues, and how to design engagement-aware behaviors for the conversational agents to behave in a sociable manner. Drawing on machine learning techniques, we propose two computational models to quantify users' attention saliency and engagement intentions. Their performances are validated by a close match between the predicted values and the ground truth annotation data. Next, we design a novel engagement-aware behavior model for the agent to adjust its direction of attention and manage the conversational floor based on the estimated users' engagement. In a user study, we evaluated the agent's behaviors in a multiparty dialog scenario. The results show that the agent's engagement-aware behaviors significantly improved the effectiveness of communication and positively affected users' experience.	Designing engagement-aware agents for multiparty conversations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Joel Lanir:Ran Stone:Benjamin Cohen:Pavel Gurevich	In this paper we investigate user performance and user behavior, related to the issue of who controls the point of view in a remote assistance scenario. We describe an experiment that examined users completing two different tasks with the aid of a remote gesturing device under two conditions: when control of the camera and gesturing point of view was in the hands of the remote helper, and when it was in the hands of the worker. Results indicate that in general, when most of the knowledge is with the helper, it is preferable to leave control in the hands of the helper. However, these results may depend on the situation and task at hand.	Ownership and control of point of view in remote assistance	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Volker Wulf	NA	Session details: Papers: knowledge managment	NA	2018
Haiyi Zhu:Amy Zhang:Jiping He:Robert E. Kraut:Aniket Kittur	One of the most significant challenges for many online communities is increasing members' contributions over time. Prior studies on peer feedback in online communities have suggested its impact on contribution, but have been limited by their correlational nature. In this paper, we conducted a field experiment on Wikipedia to test the effects of different feedback types (positive feedback, negative feedback, directive feedback, and social feedback) on members' contribution. Our results characterize the effects of different feedback types, and suggest trade-offs in the effects of feedback between the focal task and general motivation, as well as differences in how newcomers and experienced editors respond to peer feedback. This research provides insights into the mechanisms underlying peer feedback in online communities and practical guidance to design more effective peer feedback systems.	Effects of peer feedback on contribution: a field experiment in Wikipedia	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Steven Houben:Jakob E. Bardram:Jo Vermeulen:Kris Luyten:Karin Coninx	Modern knowledge work consists of both individual and highly collaborative activities that are typically composed of a number of configuration, coordination and articulation processes. The desktop interface today, however, provides very little support for these processes and rather forces knowledge workers to adapt to the technology. We introduce co-Activity Manager, an activity-centric desktop system that (i) provides tools for ad hoc dynamic configuration of a desktop working context, (ii) supports both explicit and implicit articulation of ongoing work through a built-in collaboration manager and (iii) provides the means to coordinate and share working context with other users and devices. In this paper, we discuss the activity theory informed design of co-Activity Manager and report on a 14 day field deployment in a multi-disciplinary software development team. The study showed that the activity-centric workspace supports different individual and collaborative work configuration practices and that activity-centric collaboration is a two-phase process consisting of an activity sharing and per-activity coordination phase.	Activity-centric support for ad hoc knowledge work: a case study of co-activity manager	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Amy Voida:Judith S. Olson:Gary M. Olson	We report on a qualitative study of the user experience of cloud-based information work. We characterize the information work practices and challenges that exist largely at the different intersections of three constructs - cloud-based services, collaborations, and digital identifiers. We also demonstrate how the misalignment of these three constructs is experienced as a "losing battle" that has led to miscommunication among collaborators, the abandonment of cloud-based services, and the irreparable blurring of digital identities.	Turbulence in the clouds: challenges of cloud-based information work	NA:NA:NA	2018
Iris Howley:Todd Newman	The arrival of a new interest-sharing network, So.cl, provides for a new opportunity to explore human behavior as it relates to constructing public contributions and receiving community response. This study looks at archival data in order to better understand how types of shared content receive interaction from others. The results suggest that a So.cl user should include more photos and less links on their post to increase the quantity of likes and comments the community gives to the post, among other discoveries.	Factors impacting community response in an interest-sharing network	NA:NA	2018
Brendan Cassidy:Dipti Saurabh Antani:Janet C C. Read	This paper presents a study aimed at better understanding how children categorize different games. The paper reports the results of an open card sort where participants were asked to categorize games from the Google Play Store (formerly the 'Android Marketplace'). The key contribution of the paper is that when compared with existing categories in the Google Play Store, children used categorization criteria much more aligned to the goals of the game rather than more abstract categories currently found in mobile phone application stores. The paper provides examples of existing categories that are not generally used by children and provides new examples of categorization criteria that are used by children to categorize existing games.	Using an open card sort with children to categorize games in a mobile phone application store	NA:NA:NA	2018
Emmanuel Pietriga	NA	Session details: Papers: touch interaction	NA	2018
Ricardo Jota:Albert Ng:Paul Dietz:Daniel Wigdor	Although advances in touchscreen technology have provided us with more precise devices, touchscreens are still laden with latency issues. Common commercial devices present with latency up to 125ms. Although these levels have been shown to impact users' perception of the responsiveness of the system [16], relatively little is known about the impact of latency on the performance of tasks common to direct-touch interfaces, such as direct physical manipulation. In this paper, we study the effect of latency of a direct-touch pointing device on dragging tasks. Our tests show that user performance decreases as latency increases. We also find that user performance is more severely affected by latency when targets are smaller or farther away. We present a detailed analysis of users' coping mechanisms for latency, and present the results of a follow-up study demonstrating user perception of latency in the land-on phase of the dragging task.	How fast is fast enough?: a study of the effects of latency in direct-touch pointing tasks	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Steven M. Drucker:Danyel Fisher:Ramik Sadana:Jessica Herron:m.c. schraefel	As more applications move from the desktop to touch devices like tablets, designers must wrestle with the costs of porting a design with as little revision of the UI as possible from one device to the other, or of optimizing the interaction per device. We consider the tradeoffs between two versions of a UI for working with data on a touch tablet. One interface is based on using the conventional desktop metaphor (WIMP) with a control panel, push buttons, and checkboxes -- where the mouse click is effectively replaced by a finger tap. The other interface (which we call FLUID) eliminates the control panel and focuses touch actions on the data visualization itself. We describe our design process and evaluation of each interface. We discuss the significantly better task performance and preference for the FLUID interface, in particular how touch design may challenge certain assumptions about the performance benefits of WIMP interfaces that do not hold on touch devices, such as the superiority of gestural vs. control panel based interaction.	TouchViz: a case study comparing two interfaces for data analytics on tablets	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michael Nebeling:Maximilian Speicher:Moira Norrie	Web designers currently face the increased proliferation and diversity of new touch devices which pose major challenges to the design task. This paper presents W3Touch - an interface instrumentation toolkit for web designers to collect user performance data for different device characteristics in order to help them identify potential design problems for touch interaction. Web designers can visualise the data aggregated by W3Touch and use simple metrics to automate the adaptation process for many different viewing and interaction contexts. In a series of experiments with web designers and users, we show that W3Touch is able to detect interaction problems that are hard to find using conventional methods and demonstrate how the tool was successfully used to automate the desktop-to-mobile migration of Wikipedia as an example.	W3touch: metrics-based web page adaptation for touch	NA:NA:NA	2018
Masa Ogata:Yuta Sugiura:Hirotaka Osawa:Michita Imai	FlashTouch is a new technology that enables data communication between touchscreen-based mobile devices and digital peripheral devices. Touchscreen can be used as communication media using visible light and capacitive touch. In this paper, we designed a stylus prototype to describe the concept of FlashTouch. With this prototype, users can easily transfer data from one mobile device to another. It eliminates the complexity associated with data sharing among mobile users, which is currently achieved by online data sharing services or wireless connections for data sharing that need a pairing operation to establish connections between devices. Therefore, it can prove to be of particular significance to people who are not adept at current software services and hardware functions. Finally, we demonstrate the valuable applications in online settlements via mobile device, and data communication for mobile robots.	FlashTouch: data communication through touchscreens	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Quentin Roy:Sylvain Malacria:Yves Guiard:Eric Lecolinet:James Eagan	We propose Augmented Letters, a new technique aimed at augmenting gesture-based techniques such as Marking Menus [9] by giving them natural, mnemonic associations. Augmented Letters gestures consist of the initial of command names, sketched by hand in the Unistroke style, and affixed with a straight tail. We designed a tentative touch device interaction technique that supports fast interactions with large sets of commands, is easily discoverable, improves user's recall at no speed cost, and supports fluid transition from novice to expert mode. An experiment suggests that Augmented Letters outperform Marking Menu in terms of user recall.	Augmented letters: mnemonic gesture-based shortcuts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Andrea Bunt	NA	Session details: Papers: data navigation	NA	2018
Stephen Fitchett:Andy Cockburn:Carl Gutwin	Navigating through a file hierarchy is one of the most common methods for accessing files, yet it can be slow and repetitive. New algorithms that predict upcoming file accesses have the potential to improve navigation-based file retrieval, but it is unknown how best to present their predictions to users. We present three design goals aiming to improve navigation-based file retrieval interfaces: minimise the time spent at each hierarchical level en route to the target file; reduce the number of levels traversed by providing shortcuts; and promote rehearsal of the retrieval mechanics to facilitate expertise. We introduce three interfaces that augment standard file browsers based on each of these goals: Icon Highlights give greater prominence to predicted items in the current folder; Hover Menus provide shortcuts to predicted folder content; and Search Directed Navigation uses predictive highlighting to guide users through the hierarchy in response to query terms. Results from a user evaluation show that all three interfaces improve file retrieval times, with Icon Highlights and Hover Menus best suited for frequently accessed items and Search Directed Navigation best suited for infrequent ones. We also show that the benefits are larger when folder content is spatially unstable. Finally, we discuss how the interfaces could be combined and deployed in existing file browsers.	Improving navigation-based file retrieval	NA:NA:NA	2018
Max Van Kleek:Daniel A. Smith:Heather S. Packer:Jim Skinner:Nigel R. Shadbolt	The information processing capabilities of humans enable them to opportunistically draw and integrate knowledge from nearly any information source. However, the integration of digital, structured data from diverse sources remains difficult, due to problems of heterogeneity that arise when data modelled separately are brought together. In this paper, we present an investigation of the feasibility of extending Personal Information Management (PIM) tools to support lightweight, user-driven mixing of previously un-integrated data, with the objective of allowing users to take advantage of the emerging ecosystems of structured data currently becoming available. In this study, we conducted an exploratory, sequential, mixed-method investigation, starting with two pre-studies of the data integration needs and challenges, respectively, of Web-based data sources. Observations from these pre-studies led to DataPalette, an interface that introduced simple co-reference and group multi-path-selection mechanisms for working with terminologically and structurally heterogeneous data. Our lab study showed that participants readily understood the new interaction mechanisms which were introduced. Participants made more carefully justified decisions, even while weighing a greater number of factors, moreover expending less effort, during subjective-choice tasks when using DataPalette, than with a control set-up.	Carpé data: supporting serendipitous data integration in personal information management	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Megan Monroe:Rongjian Lan:Juan Morales del Olmo:Ben Shneiderman:Catherine Plaisant:Jeff Millstein	In our burgeoning world of ubiquitous sensors and affordable data storage, records of timestamped events are being produced across nearly every domain of personal and professional computing. The resulting data surge has created an overarching need to search these records for meaningful patterns of events. This paper reports on a two-part user study, as well as a series of early tests and interviews with clinical researchers, that informed the development of two temporal query interfaces: a basic, menu-based interface and an advanced, graphic-based interface. While the scope of temporal query is very broad, this work focuses on two particularly complex and critical facets of temporal event sequences: intervals (events with both a start time and an end time), and the absence of an event. We describe how users encounter a common set of difficulties when specifying such queries, and propose solutions to help overcome them. Finally, we report on two case studies with epidemiologists at the US Army Pharmacovigilance Center, illustrating how both query interfaces were used to study patterns of drug use.	The challenges of specifying intervals and absences in temporal queries: a graphical language approach	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Q. Vera Liao:Wai-Tat Fu	We investigated participants' preferential selection of information and their attitude moderation in an online environment. Results showed that even when opposing views were presented side-to-side, people would still preferentially select information that reinforced their existing attitudes. Preferential selection of information was, however, influenced by both situational (e.g., perceived threat) and personal (e.g., topic involvement) factors. Specifically, perceived threat induced selective exposure to attitude consistent information for topics that participants had low involvement. Participants had a higher tendency to select peer user opinions in topics that they had low than high involvement, but only when there was no perception of threat. Overall, participants' attitudes were moderated after being exposed to diverse views, although high topic involvement led to higher resistance to such moderation. Perceived threat also weakened attitude moderation, especially for low involvement topics. Results have important implication to the potential effects of "information bubble" - selective exposure can be induced by situational and personal factors even when competing views are presented side-by-side.	Beyond the filter bubble: interactive effects of perceived threat and topic involvement on selective exposure to information	NA:NA	2018
Ian Oakley	NA	Session details: Papers: passwords and errors	NA	2018
Serge Egelman	We performed a laboratory experiment to study the privacy tradeoff offered by Facebook Connect: disclosing Facebook profile data to third-party websites for the convenience of logging in without creating separate accounts. We controlled for trustworthiness and amount of information each website requested, as well as the consent dialog layout. We discovered that these factors had no observable effects, likely because participants did not read the dialogs. Yet, 15% still refused to use Facebook Connect, citing privacy concerns. A likely explanation for subjects ignoring the dialogs while also understanding the privacy tradeoff - our exit survey indicated that 88% broadly understood what data would be collected - is that subjects were already familiar with the dialogs prior to the experiment. We discuss how our results demonstrate informed consent, but also how habituation prevented subjects from understanding the nuances between individual websites' data collection policies.	My profile is my password, verify me!: the privacy/convenience tradeoff of facebook connect	NA	2018
Serge Egelman:Andreas Sotirakopoulos:Ildar Muslukhov:Konstantin Beznosov:Cormac Herley	Password meters tell users whether their passwords are "weak" or "strong." We performed a laboratory experiment to examine whether these meters influenced users' password selections when they were forced to change their real passwords, and when they were not told that their passwords were the subject of a study. We observed that the presence of meters yielded significantly stronger passwords. We performed a followup field experiment to test a different scenario: creating a password for an unimportant account. In this scenario, we found that the meters made no observable difference: participants simply reused weak passwords that they used to protect similar low-risk accounts. We conclude that meters result in stronger passwords when users are forced to change existing passwords on "important" accounts and that individual meter design decisions likely have a marginal impact.	Does my password go up to eleven?: the impact of password meters on password selection	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alexander De Luca:Emanuel von Zezschwitz:Ngo Dieu Huong Nguyen:Max-Emanuel Maurer:Elisa Rubegni:Marcello Paolo Scipioni:Marc Langheinrich	This paper presents BoD Shapes, a novel authentication method for smartphones that uses the back of the device for input. We argue that this increases the resistance to shoulder surfing while remaining reasonably fast and easy-to-use. We performed a user study (n=24) comparing BoD Shapes to PIN authentication, Android grid unlock, and a front version of our system. Testing a front version allowed us to directly compare performance and security measures between front and back authentication. Our results show that BoD Shapes is significantly more secure than the three other approaches. While performance declined, our results show that BoD Shapes can be very fast (up to 1.5 seconds in the user study) and that learning effects have an influence on its performance. This indicates that speed improvements can be expected in long-term use.	Back-of-device authentication on smartphones	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alexander De Luca:Emanuel von Zezschwitz:Laurent Pichler:Heinrich Hussmann	In this paper, we present a concept using fake cursors to disguise on-screen password entry. We performed two user studies with different amounts of dummy cursors and differently colored cursors. The results show that dummy cursors significantly improve security. At the same time, decrease in performance is kept within an acceptable range. Depending on the required degree of security, the studies favor 8 or 16 differently colored cursors as the best trade-off between security and usability.	Using fake cursors to secure on-screen password entry	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sarah Wiseman:Anna L. Cox:Duncan P. Brumby:Sandy J.J. Gould:Sarah O'Carroll	Number entry is a common task in many domains. In safety-critical environments such as air traffic control or on hospital wards, incorrect number entry can have serious harmful consequences. Research has investigated how interface designs can help prevent users from making number entry errors. In this paper, we present an experimental evaluation of two possible interface designs aimed at helping users detect number entry errors using the idea of a checksum: an additional (redundant) number that is related to the to-be-entered numbers in such a way that it is sufficient to verify the correctness of the checksum, as opposed to checking each of the entered numbers. The first interface requires users to check their own work with the help of the checksum; the second requires the user to enter the checksum along with the other numbers so that the system can do the checking. In each case, two numbers needed to be entered, while the third number served as a checksum. With the first interface, users caught only 36% of their errors. The second interface resulted in all errors being caught, but the need to enter the checksum increased entry time by 46%. When participants were allowed to choose between the two interfaces, they chose the second interface in only 12% of the cases. Although these results cannot be generalized to other specific contexts, the results illustrate the strengths and weaknesses of each way of using checksums to catch number entry errors. Hence our study can serve as a starting point for efforts to improve each method.	Using Checksums to Detect Number Entry Error	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Margot Brereton	NA	Session details: Papers: social tagging	NA	2018
Chinmay Kulkarni:Ed Chi	As news reading becomes more social, how do different types of annotations affect people's selection of news articles? This paper reports on results from two experiments looking at social annotations in two different news reading contexts. The first experiment simulates a logged-out experience with annotations from strangers, a computer agent, and a branded company. Results indicate that, perhaps unsurprisingly, annotations by strangers have no persuasive effects. However, surprisingly, unknown branded companies still had a persuasive effect. The second experiment simulates a logged-in experience with annotations from friends, finding that friend annotations are both persuasive and improve user satisfaction over their article selections. In post-experiment interviews, we found that this increased satisfaction is due partly because of the context that annotations add. That is, friend annotations both help people decide what to read, and provide social context that improves engagement. Interviews also suggest subtle expertise effects. We discuss implications for design of social annotation systems and suggestions for future research.	All the news that's fit to read: a study of social annotations for news reading	NA:NA	2018
Serena Hillman:Carman Neustaedter:Carolyn Pang:Erick Oduor	Group shopping sites are beginning to rise in popularity amongst eCommerce users. Yet we do not know how or why people are using such sites, and whether or not the design of group shopping sites map to the real shopping needs of end users. To address this, we describe an interview study that investigates the friendship networks of people who participate in group shopping sites (e.g., Groupon) with the goal of understanding how to best design for these experiences. Our results show that group shopping sites are predominently used to support social activities; that is, users do not use them first and foremost to find 'deals'. Instead, group shopping sites are used for planning group activities, extending and building friendships, and constructing one's social identity. Based on these findings, we suggest improved social network integration and impression management tools to improve user experience within group shopping sites.	"Shared joy is double joy": the social practices of user networks within group shopping sites	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eric Gilbert:Saeideh Bakhshi:Shuo Chang:Loren Terveen	Over the past decade, social network sites have become ubiquitous places for people to maintain relationships, as well as loci of intense research interest. Recently, a new site has exploded into prominence: Pinterest became the fastest social network to reach 10M users, growing 4000% in 2011 alone. While many Pinterest articles have appeared in the popular press, there has been little scholarly work so far. In this paper, we use a quantitative approach to study three research questions about the site. What drives activity on Pinterest? What role does gender play in the site's social connections? And finally, what distinguishes Pinterest from existing networks, in particular Twitter? In short, we find that being female means more repins, but fewer followers, and that four verbs set Pinterest apart from Twitter: use, look, want and need. This work serves as an early snapshot of Pinterest that later work can leverage.	"I need to try this"?: a statistical overview of pinterest	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Katherine Isbister	NA	Session details: Papers: food and health	NA	2018
Andrea Grimes Parker:Ian McClendon:Catherine Grevet:Victoria Ayo:WonTaek Chung:Veda Johnson:Elizabeth D. Mynatt	As kids encounter food advertisements, it is important that they be able to critically evaluate the message's claims, the healthiness of the promoted product and their desire for it. To explore how technology might help kids develop these skills, we created an online forum called TalkBack that encourages children to critically analyze the messaging in food ads and their attitudes towards marketed foods. We evaluated TalkBack with twenty-eight middle school students in a summer camp program. We discuss how participants appeared to project and protect their sense of self through their interaction with TalkBack. We also describe the limited analytic depth of their forum contributions and suggest directions for HCI research that attempts to encourage critical thinking and health promotion in adolescents.	I am what i eat: identity & critical thinking in an online health forum for kids	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Adrian K. Clear:Mike Hazas:Janine Morley:Adrian Friday:Oliver Bates	In four university student kitchens over twenty-one days, we captured participants' food preparation activity, quantified the greenhouse gas emissions and direct energy connected to the food and cooking, and talked to participants about their food practices. Grounded in this uniquely detailed micro-account, our findings inform sustainable design for cooking and eating at home and quantify the potential impacts. We outline the relation of the impacts to our participants' approaches to everyday food preparation, the organisation of their time, and the role of social meals. Our technique allows evaluation of opportunities for sustainable intervention design: at the appliance, in the digitally-mediated organisation of meals and inventory management, and more broadly in reflecting upon and reshaping diet.	Domestic food and sustainable design: a study of university student cooking and its impacts	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rob Comber:Jettie Hoonhout:Aart van Halteren:Paula Moynihan:Patrick Olivier	Household food practices are complex. Many people are unable to effectively respond to challenges in their food environment to maintain diets considered to be in line with national and international standards for healthy eating. We argue that recognizing food practices as situated action affords opportunities to identify and design for practiced, local and achievable solutions to such food problems. Interviews and shop-a-longs were carried as part of a contextual inquiry with ten households. From this, we identify food practices, such as fitting food, stocking up, food value transitions, and having fun with others and how these practices are enacted in different ways with varied outcomes. We explore how HCI might respond to these practices through issues of social fooding, the presence of others, conceptions about food practices and food routines.	Food practices as situated action: exploring and designing for everyday food practices with households	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rita Orji:Regan L. Mandryk:Julita Vassileva:Kathrin M. Gerling	Persuasive games are an effective approach for motivating health behavior, and recent years have seen an increase in games designed for changing human behaviors or attitudes. However, these games are limited in two major ways: first, they are not based on theories of what motivates healthy behavior change. This makes it difficult to evaluate why a persuasive approach works. Second, most persuasive games treat players as a monolithic group. As an attempt to resolve these weaknesses, we conducted a large-scale survey of 642 gamers' eating habits and their associated determinants of healthy behavior to understand how health behavior relates to gamer type. We developed seven different models of healthy eating behavior for the gamer types identified by BrainHex. We then explored the differences between the models and created two approaches for effective persuasive game design based on our results. The first is a one-size-fits-all approach that will motivate the majority of the population, while not demotivating any players. The second is a personalized approach that will best motivate a particular type of gamer. Finally, to make our approaches actionable in persuasive game design, we map common game mechanics to the determinants of healthy behavior.	Tailoring persuasive health games to gamer type	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sunny Consolvo	NA	Session details: Papers: mobile applications	NA	2018
Soumya Sen:Carlee Joe-Wong:Sangtae Ha:Jasika Bawa:Mung Chiang	In an era of 108% annual growth in demand for mobile data and $10/GB overage fees, Internet Service Providers (ISPs) are experiencing severe congestion and in turn are hurting consumers with aggressive pricing measures. But smarter practices, such as time-dependent pricing (TDP), reward users for shifting their non-critical demand to off-peak hours and can potentially benefit both users and ISPs. Although dynamic TDP ideas have existed for many years, dynamic pricing for mobile data is only now gaining interest among ISPs. Yet TDP plans require not only systems engineering but also an understanding of economic incentives, user behavior and interface design. In particular, the HCI aspects of communicating price feedback signals from the network and the response of mobile data users need to be studied in the real world. But investigating these issues by deploying a virtual TDP data plan for real ISP customers is challenging and rarely explored. To this end, we carried out the first TDP trial for mobile data in the US with 10 families. We describe the insights gained from the trial, which can help the HCI community as well as ISPs, app developers and designers create tools that empower users to better control their usage and save on their monthly bills, while also alleviating network congestion.	When the price is right: enabling time-dependent pricing of broadband data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Marco de Sa:Vidhya Navalpakkam:Elizabeth F. Churchill	The potential for user-relevant, context-appropriate, targeted advertising on mobile devices is enormous given device improvements and advances in personal and location-based data collection. However, little is known about how users experience display advertisements ('ads') on mobile devices, or what factors drive mobile ad effectiveness. In this paper, we investigate users' experiences of display advertising on mobile devices. We consider three factors that are often studied in desktop settings the ad's level of personal relevance to the user, its relevance to the page content, and within-ad properties, with a particular focus on the level of animation in the ad. Our findings reveal a few surprises. First, personal relevance to the user has little or no impact on ad efficacy measured by recall. Instead, content relevance boosts ad recall. Second, user relevance leads to a more pleasant and interesting experience, but content relevance has no effect. Third, contrary to the popular notion that animation often leads to more effective ads by garnering more user attention, we find that a simple type of animation, such as blinking animation, negatively affects user experience and reduces ad recall. Our findings, while focused on advertising, offer insights for design of mobile content presentation in general.	Mobile advertising: evaluating the effects of animation, user and content relevance	NA:NA:NA	2018
Shaun Lawson:Sue Jamison-Powell:Andrew Garbett:Conor Linehan:Erica Kucharczyk:Sanne Verbaan:Duncan A. Rowland:Kevin Morgan	There is an identified need for objective, reliable, and scalable methods of measuring and recording sleep. Such methods must be designed for easy integration into people's lives in order to support both sleep therapy and everyday personal informatics. This paper describes the design and evaluation of a mobile phone application to record sleep, the design of which has substantive foundation in clinical sleep research. Two user studies were carried out which demonstrate that the application produces valid measurements of sleep quality and high levels of usability, whilst not seriously disturbing sleep or the sleep environment. These findings suggest that the app is suitable for both everyday sleep monitoring in a personal informatics context, and for integration into sleep interventions.	Validating a mobile phone application for the everyday, unobtrusive, objective measurement of sleep	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jeffrey Bardzell	NA	Session details: Papers: crime and conflicts	NA	2018
Sheena Lewis Erete	For decades, HCI scholars have designed technology for the domestic space. Many of these systems aim to protect the home and its residents by requesting help from local authorities during emergency situations. While the use of these systems have been examined, few studies attempt to understand the behavior of potential offenders who can create such emergency situations (e.g., by attempting a burglary). This paper analyzes three panel sessions with 15 people who have been convicted of burglarizing homes, cars, and/or businesses. Participants describe in detail what they looked for when deciding to burglarize a home and what deterred them. Technologies such as security systems, alarms, and cameras do not dissuade burglars. Instead, evidence of neighborhood cohesion was named the strongest deterrent. This paper presents implications for designing technologies that will effectively discourage burglary and support citizen activism.	Protecting the home: exploring the roles of technology and citizen activism from a burglar's perspective	NA	2018
Rachel Clarke:Peter Wright:Madeline Balaam:John McCarthy	This paper explores how technology could support the re-building of lives after domestic violence. We worked in the context of a women's centre where women are accessing support after leaving abusive relationships. The paper contributes a feminist participatory arts action research approach to studying photo-sharing practices and helps to frame an understanding of the ongoing tensions in the construction of self with others that the women experience. We argue that the affirmation of new bonds, control in sharing the process of 'moving on', and supporting discursive negotiations of privacy are important considerations for design focused on interpersonal social processes around the use of digital technology.	Digital portraits: photo-sharing after domestic violence	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Daisy Yoo:Milli Lake:Trond Nilsen:Molly E. Utter:Robert Alsdorf:Theoneste Bizimana:Lisa P. Nathan:Mark Ring:Elizabeth J. Utter:Robert F. Utter:Batya Friedman	With this research we investigate how to account for multi-generational perspectives in the design of multi-lifespan information systems, particularly in support of long-term peace-building and international justice. We do our work in the context of the publicly available Voices from the Rwanda Tribunal testbed, a historically significant collection of video interviews with personnel from the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda. In the research reported here, we worked with 109 Rwandan adults and youth from perpetrator and survivor communities in three provincial cities in Rwanda (Byumba, Kibuye, and Gisenyi) to understand the potentials and challenges they envision for the interview collection. Participants envisioned five categories of long-term positive outcomes for individuals and society from a multi-lifespan information system for the interview collection; and eight categories of challenges to realize those potential outcomes. In terms of multi-generational perspectives, while adults and youth tended to share an overall vision for the long-term potential of such a system, adults emphasized actionable tasks while youth educational benefits. Based on the findings, we highlight issues for appropriation of multi-lifespan information systems and reflect on our methods for eliciting multi-generational perspectives on information system design in a post-conflict society.	Envisioning across generations: a multi-lifespan information system for international justice in rwanda	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Gary W. Pritchard:John Vines	We describe findings from a 15-month ethnography of hip-hop performers in Cape Town, South Africa. Mobile communications and social media are hugely important to the development of these performers' careers, opening access to collaborators, production tools, audiences and distribution channels. This group go to extraordinary lengths to gain and maintain access to these technologies, often by exploiting their social capital through musical and ethnic networks. We document that even after nearly twenty years of democracy, a ridged separation along racial lines persists, which can be seen in all areas of life including access to and proficiency in digital technologies. We illustrate how hip-hop performers harness these divisions both on and offline in order to distinguish themselves from other artists. Our research raises a number of implications for post-colonial computing, highlighting difficulties related to discontinuous access, and how international preconceptions of identity and authenticity emerge as a consequence of the increased use of communication technology.	Digital apartheid: an ethnographic account of racialised hci in Cape Town hip-hop	NA:NA	2018
Koji Yatani	NA	Session details: Papers: haptics	NA	2018
Anne Roudaut:Andreas Rau:Christoph Sterz:Max Plauth:Pedro Lopes:Patrick Baudisch	We propose using spatial gestures not only for input but also for output. Analogous to gesture input, the proposed gesture output moves the user's finger in a gesture, which the user then recognizes. We use our concept in a mobile scenario where a motion path forming a "5" informs users about new emails, or a heart-shaped path serves as a mes- sage from a friend. We built two prototypes: (1) The long- RangeOuija is a stationary prototype that offers a motion range of up to 4cm; (2) The pocketOuija is self-contained mobile device based on an iPhone with up to 1cm motion range. Both devices actuate the user's fingers by means of an actuated transparent foil overlaid onto a touchscreen. We conducted three studies with the longRangeOuija in which participants recognized 2cm marks with 97% accu- racy, Graffiti digits with 98.8%, pairs of Graffiti digits with 90.5%, and Graffiti letters with 93.4%. Participants previ- ously unfamiliar with Graffiti identified 96.2% of digits and 76.4% of letters, suggesting that properly designed gesture output is guessable. After the experiment, the same participants were able to enter 100% of Graffiti digits by heart and 92.2% of letters. This suggests that participants learned gesture input as a side effect of using gesture output on our prototypes.	Gesture output: eyes-free output using a force feedback touch surface	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Kevin Fan:Hideyuki Izumi:Yuta Sugiura:Kouta Minamizawa:Sohei Wakisaka:Masahiko Inami:Naotaka Fujii:Susumu Tachi	We present Reality Jockey, a system that confuses the participant's perception of the reality by mixing in a recorded past-reality. The participant will be immersed in a spatialized 3D sound environment that is a mix of sounds from the reality and from the past. The sound environment from the past is augmented with haptic feedback in cross-modality. The haptic feedback is associated with certain sounds such as the vibration in the table when stuff is placed on the table to make the illusion of it happening in live. The seamless transition between live and past creates immersive experience of past events. The blending of live and past allows interactivity. To validate our system, we conducted user studies on 1) does blending live sensations improve such experiences, and 2) how beneficial is it to provide haptic feedbacks in recorded pasts. Potential applications are suggested to illustrate the significance of Reality Jockey.	Reality jockey: lifting the barrier between alternate realities through audio and haptic feedback	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jaebong Lee:Seungmoon Choi	In this paper, we propose a real-time perception-level audio-to-vibrotactile translation algorithm. Unlike previous signal-level conversion methods, our algorithm considers only perceptual characteristics, such as loudness and roughness, of audio and tactile stimuli. This perception-level approach allows for designing intuitive and explicit conversion models with clear understandings of their perceptual consequences. Our current implementation is tailored to accurate detection of special sound effects to provide well-synchronized audio-tactile feedback in immersive applications. We also assessed the performance of our translation algorithm in terms of the detection rate of special sound effects, computational performance, and user preference. All the experimental results supported that our algorithm works well as intended with better performance than the signal-level conversion methods, especially for games. Our algorithm can be easily realized in current products, including mobile devices, gaming devices, and 4D home theater systems, for richer user experience.	Real-time perception-level translation from audio signals to vibrotactile effects	NA:NA	2018
Pedro Lopes:Patrick Baudisch	Force feedback devices resist miniaturization, because they require physical motors and mechanics. We propose mobile force feedback by eliminating motors and instead actuating the user's muscles using electrical stimulation. Without the motors, we obtain substantially smaller and more energy-efficient devices. We present a prototype that fits on the back of a mobile phone. It actuates users' forearm muscles via four electrodes, which causes users' muscles to contract involuntarily, so that they tilt the device sideways. As users resist this motion using their other arm, they perceive force feedback. We demonstrate the interaction at the example of an interactive videogame in which users steer an airplane through winds rendered using force feedback. In a first user study, we found our device to cause users to produce up to 18.7N of force, when used to actuate their palm flexors. In a second study, participants played the video game de-scribed above; all ten participants reported to prefer the experience of muscle-propelled force feedback to vibrotactile feedback.	Muscle-propelled force feedback: bringing force feedback to mobile devices	NA:NA	2018
Ke-Yu Chen:Gabe A. Cohn:Sidhant Gupta:Shwetak N. Patel	Current solutions for enabling touch interaction on existing non-touch LCD screens require adding additional sensors to the interaction surface. We present uTouch, a system that detects and classifies touches and hovers without any modification to the display, and without adding any sensors to the user. Our approach utilizes existing signals in an LCD that are amplified when a user brings their hand near or touches the LCD's front panel. These signals are coupled onto the power lines, where they appear as electromagnetic interference (EMI) which can be sensed using a single device connected elsewhere on the power line infrastructure. We validate our approach with an 11 user, 8 LCD study, and demonstrate a real-time system.	uTouch: sensing touch gestures on unmodified LCDs	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alex Olwal	NA	Session details: Papers: fabrication	NA	2018
Stefanie Mueller:Bastian Kruck:Patrick Baudisch	We present LaserOrigami, a rapid prototyping system that produces 3D objects using a laser cutter. LaserOrigami is substantially faster than traditional 3D fabrication techniques such as 3D printing and unlike traditional laser cutting the resulting 3D objects require no manual assembly. The key idea behind LaserOrigami is that it achieves three-dimensionality by folding and stretching the workpiece, rather than by placing joints, thereby eliminating the need for manual assembly. LaserOrigami achieves this by heating up selected regions of the workpiece until they become compliant and bend down under the force of gravity. LaserOrigami administers the heat by defocusing the laser, which distributes the laser's power across a larger surface. LaserOrigami implements cutting and bending in a single integrated process by automatically moving the cutting table up and down--when users take out the workpiece, it is already fully assembled. We present the three main design elements of LaserOrigami: the bend, the suspender, and the stretch, and demonstrate how to use them to fabricate a range of physical objects. Finally, we demonstrate an interactive fabrication version of LaserOrigami, a process in which user interaction and fabrication alternate step-by-step.	LaserOrigami: laser-cutting 3D objects	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yvonne Jansen:Pierre Dragicevic:Jean-Daniel Fekete	Data sculptures are an increasingly popular form of physical visualization whose purposes are essentially artistic, communicative or educational. But can physical visualizations help carry out actual information visualization tasks? We present the first infovis study comparing physical to on-screen visualizations. We focus on 3D visualizations, as these are common among physical visualizations but known to be problematic on computers. Taking 3D bar charts as an example, we show that moving visualizations to the physical world can improve users' efficiency at information retrieval tasks. In contrast, augmenting on-screen visualizations with stereoscopic rendering alone or with prop-based manipulation was of limited help. The efficiency of physical visualizations seems to stem from features that are unique to physical objects, such as their ability to be touched and their perfect visual realism. These findings provide empirical motivation for current research on fast digital fabrication and self-reconfiguring interfaces.	Evaluating the efficiency of physical visualizations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Joshua G. Tanenbaum:Amanda M. Williams:Audrey Desjardins:Karen Tanenbaum	DIY, hacking, and craft have recently drawn attention in HCI and CSCW, largely as a collaborative and creative hobbyist practice. We shift the focus from the recreational elements of this practice to the ways in which it democratizes design and manufacturing. This democratized technological practice, we argue, unifies playfulness, utility, and expressiveness, relying on some industrial infrastructures while creating demand for new types of tools and literacies. Thriving on top of collaborative digital systems, the Maker movement both implicates and impacts professional designers. As users move more towards personalization and reappropriation, new design opportunities are created for HCI.	Democratizing technology: pleasure, utility and expressiveness in DIY and maker practice	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Amit Zoran:Joseph A. Paradiso	In this paper, we present an approach to combining digital fabrication and craft, emphasizing the user experience. While many researchers strive to enable makers to design and produce 3D objects, our research seeks to present a new fabrication approach to make unique, one-of-a-kind artifacts. To that end, we developed the FreeD, a hand-held digital milling device. The system is guided and monitored by a computer while preserving the maker's freedom to sculpt and carve, and to manipulate the work in many creative ways. Relying on a predesigned 3D model, the computer gets into action only when the milling bit risks the object's integrity, by slowing down the spindle's speed or by drawing back the shaft, while the rest of the time it allows complete gestural freedom. We describe the key concepts of our work and its motivation, present the FreeD's architecture and technology, and discuss two projects made with the tool.	FreeD: a freehand digital sculpting tool	NA:NA	2018
Gavin Doherty	NA	Session details: Papers: mental health	NA	2018
Jayne Wallace:Peter C. Wright:John McCarthy:David Philip Green:James Thomas:Patrick Olivier	Writers and practitioners in dementia care have invoked personhood to offer potential for preserving the agency of people living with dementia. In this context we use personhood to explore how relationships bring agentive potential to experience-centered design through a co-creative, design-led inquiry with Gillian, a woman living with dementia, and John her husband. We designed bespoke probes to empathically engage the couple in the design of both jewellery and digital jewellery to support Gillian's personhood. Our design activity addressed the relationships involved in the context of Gillian's family life and the progression of her illness and how they could be mediated technologically. Reminiscence became, through Gillian and John's own hands, acts of sense making and legacy. The process of design became the way of conducting the inquiry and the designed artifacts became ways of posing questions to make sense of our experiences together.	A design-led inquiry into personhood in dementia	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jakob E. Bardram:Mads Frost:Károly Szántó:Maria Faurholt-Jepsen:Maj Vinberg:Lars Vedel Kessing	An increasing number of pervasive healthcare systems are being designed, that allow people to monitor and get feedback on their health and wellness. To address the challenges of self-management of mental illnesses, we have developed the MONARCA system - a personal monitoring system for bipolar patients. We conducted a 14 week field trial in which 12 patients used the system, and we report findings focusing on their experiences. The results were positive; compared to using paper-based forms, the adherence to self-assessment improved; the system was considered very easy to use; and the perceived usefulness of the system was high. Based on this study, the paper discusses three HCI questions related to the design of personal health technologies; how to design for disease awareness and self-treatment, how to ensure adherence to personal health technologies, and the roles of different types of technology platforms.	Designing mobile health technology for bipolar disorder: a field trial of the monarca system	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Naomi Yamashita:Hideaki Kuzuoka:Keiji Hirata:Takashi Kudo	Depression is one of the most common disabilities in developed countries. Despite its often devastating impact on families, scant research has focused on how to facilitate the well-being of family caregivers. The aim of this paper is to uncover the challenges faced by family caregivers and support their well-being with the use of technologies. To understand the emotional and social burden of caregivers and how they handle their stress, we conducted in-depth interviews with 15 individuals who have cared for a depressed family member. Our findings reveal the multifaceted dilemma of caring for a depressed family member as well as the various strategies engaged in by caregivers to improve their own situations. Based on our findings, we suggest design implications for healthcare technologies to improve the wellness of caregivers who are looking after depressed family members.	Understanding the conflicting demands of family caregivers caring for depressed family members	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anja Thieme:Jayne Wallace:Paula Johnson:John McCarthy:Siân Lindley:Peter Wright:Patrick Olivier:Thomas D. Meyer	In the field of mental health care technologies, very limited attention has been given to the design of interventions for individuals who undergo treatment for severe mental health problems in intense care contexts. Exploring novel designs to engage vulnerable psychiatric patients in therapeutic skills practice and expanding on the potential of technology to promote mental health, the paper introduces the design concept of the Spheres of Wellbeing. A set of interactive artifacts is developed specifically for women with a dual diagnosis of a Learning Disability and Borderline Personality Disorder, living in the medium secure services of a forensic hospital in the UK. The women present a difficult to treat group due to extremely challenging behaviors and a fundamental lack of motivation to engage in therapy. The Spheres are designed to assist the women in practices of mindfulness, to help them tolerate emotional distress and to strengthen their sense of self, all of which are vital components of their specialist treatment Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT). The Spheres are intended to supplement the therapy of the women and to contribute to our understanding of designing technology to enhance mental wellbeing and quality of life more generally.	Design to promote mindfulness practice and sense of self for vulnerable women in secure hospital services	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sameer Patil	NA	Session details: Papers: consent and privacy	NA	2018
Ruogu Kang:Stephanie Brown:Sara Kiesler	In this research we set out to discover why and how people seek anonymity in their online interactions. Our goal is to inform policy and the design of future Internet architecture and applications. We interviewed 44 people from America, Asia, Europe, and Africa who had sought anonymity and asked them about their experiences. A key finding of our research is the very large variation in interviewees' past experiences and life situations leading them to seek anonymity, and how they tried to achieve it. Our results suggest implications for the design of online communities, challenges for policy, and ways to improve anonymity tools and educate users about the different routes and threats to anonymity on the Internet.	Why do people seek anonymity on the internet?: informing policy and design	NA:NA:NA	2018
Bart P. Knijnenburg:Alfred Kobsa:Hongxia Jin	We examine the effect of coarse-grained vs. fine-grained location sharing options on users' disclosure decisions when configuring a sharing profile in a location-sharing service. Our results from an online user experiment (N=291) indicate that users who would otherwise select one of the finer-grained options will employ a compensatory decision strategy when this option is removed. This means that they switch either in the direction of more privacy and less benefit, or less privacy and more benefit, depending on the subjective distance between the omitted option and the remaining options. This explanation of users' disclosure behavior is in line with fundamental decision theories, as well as the well-established notion of "privacy calculus". Two alternative hypotheses that we tested were not supported by our experimental data.	Preference-based location sharing: are more privacy options really better?	NA:NA:NA	2018
Elina Eriksson:Henrik Artman:Anna Swartling	Some organizations fail to involve users in systems development due to a widespread organization, high workload or secrecy issues. A remedy against this situation could be the persona method in which users and main stakeholders as represented as fictitious characters. Personas help eliciting user needs and requirements, facilitate design choices and are an overall communication aid where users cannot be present. An important part of the persona method, as portrayed in literature, is the personal details that make the personas trustworthy and alive. In this paper we present two cases in which personas have been developed and used, but where the personal is scarce or even non-existent because of a dispersed organisation, the organisational culture and secrecy issues. The paper describes how the personas were developed, used and received and how the method was altered in order to work in these special circumstances.	The secret life of a persona: when the personal becomes private	NA:NA:NA	2018
Ewa Luger:Stuart Moran:Tom Rodden	Terms and conditions are central in acquiring user consent by service providers. Such documents are frequently highly complex and unreadable, placing doubts on the validity of so called 'informed consent'. While readability and web accessibility have been major themes for some time in HCI, the core principles have yet to be applied beyond webpage content and are absent from the underpinning terms and conditions. Our concern is that accessible web pages will encourage consent, masking the complexities of the terms of usage. Using the SMOG readability formula and UK Energy services as a case study, we observed that a series of supplier terms and conditions were far beyond what a functionally literate adult could be expected to understand. We also present a browser based plug-in which compares SMOG readability scores to popular books. The intention is to use this plug-in to assist in surfacing the hidden complexities underpinning online consent.	Consent for all: revealing the hidden complexity of terms and conditions	NA:NA:NA	2018
m.c. schraefel	NA	Session details: Papers: text visualization	NA	2018
Michael A. Correll:Eric C. Alexander:Michael Gleicher	A valuable task in text visualization is to have viewers make judgments about text that has been annotated (either by hand or by some algorithm such as text clustering or entity extraction). In this work we look at the ability of viewers to make judgments about the relative quantities of tags in annotated text (specifically text tagged with one of a set of qualitatively distinct colors), and examine design choices that can improve performance at extracting statistical information from these texts. We find that viewers can efficiently and accurately estimate the proportions of tag levels over a range of situations; however accuracy can be improved through color choice and area adjustments.	Quantity estimation in visualizations of tagged text	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jessica Hullman:Nicholas Diakopoulos:Eytan Adar	Online news tools - for aggregation, summarization and automatic generation - are an area of fruitful development as reading news online becomes increasingly commonplace. While textual tools have dominated these developments, annotated information visualizations are a promising way to complement articles based on their ability to add context. But the manual effort required for professional designers to create thoughtful annotations for contextualizing news visualizations is difficult to scale. We describe the design of Contextifier, a novel system that automatically produces custom, annotated visualizations of stock behavior given a news article about a company. Contextifier's algorithms for choosing annotations is informed by a study of professionally created visualizations and takes into account visual salience, contextual relevance, and a detection of key events in the company's history. In evaluating our system we find that Contextifier better balances graphical salience and relevance than the baseline.	Contextifier: automatic generation of annotated stock visualizations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yiran Wang:Andy Echenique:Martin Shelton:Gloria Mark	For information workers who monitor numerous constantly updating data streams, conserving cognitive resources is crucial. This study evaluated how an interface affects information workers' ability to grasp critical information from multiple text-based chat streams under time pressure. We designed and built a working prototype that displays ten chat streams simultaneously in standard chat windows (ST) and ticker tapes (TT). We conducted a lab experiment to evaluate differences in how these two interfaces support signal and context detection. We found that with ST, participants detected significantly more target words (SAT words) with rarer frequency and significantly more context information (disaster facts) than with TT. Our results show that while TT is potentially better for overview scanning of multiple streams, ST is likely to be better for multi-tasking. Our study informs the design of future multi-chat systems so that large amounts of information can be easier to detect and process.	A comparative evaluation of multiple chat stream interfaces for information-intensive environments	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Nitesh Goyal:Gilly Leshed:Susan R. Fussell	Many sophisticated tools have been developed to help analysts detect patterns in large datasets, but the value of these tools' individual features is rarely tested. In an experiment in which participants played detectives solving homicides, we tested the utility of a visualization of data links and a notepad for collecting and organizing annotations. The visualization significantly improved participants' ability to solve the crime whereas the notepad did not. Having both features available provided no benefit over having just the visualization. The results raise questions about the potential constraints on the usefulness of intelligence analysis tools.	Effects of visualization and note-taking on sensemaking and analysis	NA:NA:NA	2018
Elaine Huang	NA	Session details: Papers: sustainability	NA	2018
Maria Håkansson:Phoebe Sengers	Motivated by a need in sustainable HCI for studies of everyday practices, and a belief that a holistic view on sustainability is crucial to deeper understanding of how to design ICT to support sustainability, we here present a qualitative study of 11 simple living families in the US. Simple living refers to a lifestyle which is voluntarily simple out of concern for both the environment and quality of life. Our goal was to learn about a holistic view on sustainability and the role of ICT in helping and hindering families to live simply. The study contributes new insights about how holistic sustainability could be a valuable lens for HCI, revealing that sustainability is important to a wider range of areas in HCI than previously discussed. We conclude with implications for HCI for how to support sustainable practices beyond being "about" being green.	Beyond being green: simple living families and ICT	NA:NA	2018
Derek Lomas:Anuj Kumar:Kishan Patel:Dixie Ching:Meera Lakshmanan:Matthew Kam:Jodi L. Forlizzi	One consequence of rapid advances in computer technology is the obsolescence of hundreds of millions of computers each year. This paper explores strategies for increasing the reuse of outdated computers through an investigation of an 8-bit home computer that is still popular in developing countries. We observed the use of the computers in 16 households in Ahmedabad and Bangalore, India in order to gain insight into the contextual factors that support the continued popularity of the device. While most computers become obsolete in less than a decade, this 30-year-old computer technology remains useful because it provides exciting, multi-user family entertainment. While having minimal processing power and virtually no connectivity, the 8-bit computer supports input and output channels that are especially suited for co-located social game play. In contrast, PCs are primarily designed for individual use. Therefore, we offer low-cost design recommendations that would enable outdated PCs to support greater shared use and increased utility within the constrained material context of low-income households. These simple interventions, if adopted by computer refurbishment industries, have the potential to significantly extend the useful lifespan of PCs.	The power of play: design lessons for increasing the lifespan of outdated computers	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sunyoung Kim:Eric Paulos:Jennifer Mankoff	Indoor air quality (IAQ) is important for health as people spend the majority of time indoors, and it is particularly interesting over outdoor air because it strongly ties to indoor activities. Some activities easily exacerbate IAQ, resulting in serious pollution. However, people may not notice such changes because many pollutants are colorless and odorless, while many activities are inconspicuous and routine. We implemented inAir, a system that measures and visualizes IAQ that households appropriate and integrate into everyday life. The research goals of this work include understanding the IAQ dynamics with respect to habitual behaviors and analyzing behavioral and quantitative changes towards improving IAQ by the use of inAir. From our longitudinal study for four months, we found that inAir successfully elicited the reflection upon, and the modification of habitual behaviors for healthy domestic environments, which resulted in the significant improvement of IAQ.	inAir: a longitudinal study of indoor air quality measurements and visualizations	NA:NA:NA	2018
Susan P. Wyche:Marshini Chetty	Uneven access to Information and Communication Technologies (ICTs) in parts of the African continent make it challenging for some Africans who migrate to the U.S. to communicate with family members in their countries of origin. However, Internet access is becoming more widespread throughout the continent and this development presents an opportunity to explore how future interactive systems can support exchanges between families with members living in developed and less developed countries. To investigate these design possibilities we interviewed 27 African-born students, currently living in Virginia, U.S., and asked them how they used ICTs to connect with family members in their home countries. Our findings informed the development of a low-fidelity prototype that eight students lived with for four to five months. Findings from this deployment study motivate a discussion regarding features to include in interfaces designed to support transnational family communication. Features include personally meaningful imagery, country specific content, and the ability to monitor the weather and changing currency rates in migrants' countries of origin.	"I want to imagine how that place looks": designing technologies to support connectivity between africans living abroad and home	NA:NA	2018
Caroline Appert	NA	Session details: Papers: mobile text entry	NA	2018
Antti Oulasvirta:Anna Reichel:Wenbin Li:Yan Zhang:Myroslav Bachynskyi:Keith Vertanen:Per Ola Kristensson	We study the design of split keyboards for fast text entry with two thumbs on mobile touchscreen devices. The layout of KALQ was determined through first studying how users should grip a device with two hands. We then assigned letters to keys computationally, using a model of two-thumb tapping. KALQ minimizes thumb travel distance and maximizes alternation between thumbs. An error correction algorithm was added to help address linguistic and motor errors. Users reached a rate of 37 words per minute (with a 5% error rate) after a training program.	Improving two-thumb text entry on touchscreen devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ying Yin:Tom Yu Ouyang:Kurt Partridge:Shumin Zhai	We propose a new approach for improving text entry accuracy on touchscreen keyboards by adapting the underlying spatial model to factors such as input hand postures, individuals, and target key positions. To combine these factors together, we introduce a hierarchical spatial backoff model (SBM) that consists of submodels with different levels of complexity. The most general model includes no adaptive factors, whereas the most specific model includes all three. Considering that in practice people may switch hand postures (e.g., from two-thumb to one-finger) to better suit a situation, and that the specific submodels may take time to train for each user, a specific submodel should be applied only if its corresponding input posture can be identified with confidence, and if the submodel has enough training data from the user. We introduce the backoff mechanism to fall back to a simpler model if either of these conditions are not met. We implemented a prototype system capable of reducing the language-model-independent error rate by 13.2% using an online posture classifier with 86.4% accuracy. Further improvements in error rate may be possible with even better posture classification.	Making touchscreen keyboards adaptive to keys, hand postures, and individuals: a hierarchical spatial backoff model approach	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Vittorio Fuccella:Poika Isokoski:Benoit Martin	We describe the design and evaluation of a gestural text editing technique for touchscreen devices. The gestures are drawn on top of the soft keyboard and interpreted as commands for moving the caret, performing selections, and controlling the clipboard. Our implementation is an Android service that can be used in any text editing task on Android-based devices. We conducted an experiment to compare the gestural editing technique against the widget-based technique available on a smartphone (Samsung Galaxy II with Android 2.3.5). The results show a performance benefit of 13-24% for the gestural technique depending on the font size. Subjective feedback from the participants was also positive. Because the two editing techniques use different input areas, they can co-exist on a device. This means that the gestural editing can be added on any soft keyboard without interfering with user experience for those users that choose not to use it.	Gestures and widgets: performance in text editing on multi-touch capable mobile devices	NA:NA:NA	2018
Mayank Goel:Alex Jansen:Travis Mandel:Shwetak N. Patel:Jacob O. Wobbrock	The challenge of mobile text entry is exacerbated as mobile devices are used in a number of situations and with a number of hand postures. We introduce ContextType, an adaptive text entry system that leverages information about a user's hand posture (using two thumbs, the left thumb, the right thumb, or the index finger) to improve mobile touch screen text entry. ContextType switches between various keyboard models based on hand posture inference while typing. ContextType combines the user's posture-specific touch pattern information with a language model to classify the user's touch events as pressed keys. To create our models, we collected usage patterns from 16 participants in each of the four postures. In a subsequent study with the same 16 participants comparing ContextType to a control condition, ContextType reduced total text entry error rate by 20.6%.	ContextType: using hand posture information to improve mobile touch screen text entry	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephen Oney:Chris Harrison:Amy Ogan:Jason Wiese	The proliferation of touchscreen devices has made soft keyboards a routine part of life. However, ultra-small computing platforms like the Sony SmartWatch and Apple iPod Nano lack a means of text entry. This limits their potential, despite the fact they are quite capable computers. In this work, we present a soft keyboard interaction technique called ZoomBoard that enables text entry on ultra-small devices. Our approach uses iterative zooming to enlarge otherwise impossibly tiny keys to comfortable size. We based our design on a QWERTY layout, so that it is immediately familiar to users and leverages existing skill. As the ultimate test, we ran a text entry experiment on a keyboard measuring just 16 x 6mm - smaller than a US penny. After eight practice trials, users achieved an average of 9.3 words per minute, with accuracy comparable to a full-sized physical keyboard. This compares favorably to existing mobile text input methods.	ZoomBoard: a diminutive qwerty soft keyboard using iterative zooming for ultra-small devices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
John Thomas	NA	Session details: Papers: design for development	NA	2018
Agha Ali Raza:Farhan Ul Haq:Zain Tariq:Mansoor Pervaiz:Samia Razaq:Umar Saif:Roni Rosenfeld	We explore how telephone-based services might be mass adopted by low-literate users in the developing world. We focus on speech and push-button dialog systems requiring neither literacy nor training. Building on the success of Polly, a simple telephone-based voice manipulation and forwarding system that was first tested in 2011, we report on its first large-scale sustained deployment. In 24/7 operation in Pakistan since May 9, 2012, as of mid-September Polly has spread to 85,000 users, engaging them in 495,000 interactions, and is continuing to spread to 1,000 new people daily. It has also attracted 27,000 people to a job search service, who in turn listened 279,000 times to job ads and forwarded them 22,000 times to their friends. We report users' activity over time and across demographics, analyze user behavior within several randomized controlled trials, and describe lessons learned regarding spread, scalability and sustainability of telephone-based speech-based services.	Job opportunities through entertainment: virally spread speech-based services for low-literate users	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Indrani Medhi:Meera Lakshmanan:Kentaro Toyama:Edward Cutrell	One of the greatest challenges in designing applications for economically poor communities is that potential users may have little or no education. We investigated how limited education appears to impact the ability to navigate a hierarchical UI, even when it has no text. We scored 60 participants from low-income communities in India using tests of textual literacy and Raven's Progressive Matrices. These were used as proxies for educational level and a subset of cognitive abilities. We then evaluated participants' performance on a UI task involving hierarchical navigation. First, our results confirm that textual literacy is correlated with scores on the Raven's test. In addition, we found that performance on both instruments are predictive of performance in navigating UI hierarchies, even when the UI is text-free. This provides statistically significant confirmation of previous anecdotal hypotheses. We conclude with design recommendations for UI hierarchies for people with limited education.	Some evidence for the impact of limited education on hierarchical user interface navigation	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Susan P. Wyche:Andrea Forte:Sarita Yardi Schoenebeck	Facebook is a global phenomenon, yet little is known about use of the site in urban parts of the developing world where the social network's users are increasingly located. We qualitatively studied Facebook use among 28 young adults living in Viwandani, an informal settlement, or slum, in Nairobi, Kenya. We find that to overcome the costs associated with Internet use, participants consolidated diverse online activities onto Facebook; here we focus on the most common practice--using Facebook to support income generation. Viwandani residents used the site to look for employment opportunities, market themselves, and seek remittances from friends and family abroad. We use our findings to motivate a design agenda for the urban poor built on an understanding that Facebook is used, with mixed-success, to support income generation. A key part of this agenda calls for developing ICT interventions grounded in users' existing practices rather than introducing new and unfamiliar ones.	Hustling online: understanding consolidated facebook use in an informal settlement in Nairobi	NA:NA:NA	2018
Sebastien Cuendet:Indrani Medhi:Kalika Bali:Edward Cutrell	Designing ICT systems for rural users in the developing world is difficult for a variety of reasons ranging from problems with infrastructure to wide differences in user contexts and capabilities. Developing regions may include huge variability in spoken languages, and users are often low- or non-literate, with very little experience interacting with digital technologies. Researchers have explored the use of text-free graphical interfaces as well as speech-based applications to overcome some of the issues related to language and literacy. While there are benefits and drawbacks to each of these approaches, they can be complementary when used together. In this work, we present VideoKheti, a mobile system using speech, graphics, and touch interaction for low-literate farmers in rural India. VideoKheti helps farmers to find and watch agricultural extension videos in their own language and dialect. In this paper, we detail the design and development of VideoKheti and report on a field study with 20 farmers in rural India who were asked to find videos based on a scenario. The results show that farmers could use VideoKheti, but their success still greatly depended on their education level. While participants were enthusiastic about using the system, the multimodal interface did not overcome many obstacles for low-literate users.	VideoKheti: making video content accessible to low-literate and novice users	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Volkmar Pipek	NA	Session details: Papers: narrative and materiality	NA	2018
Eric Spaulding:Haakon Faste	This paper examines the role of narrative in the process of interactive experience design, focusing on the potential uses of narrative in prototyping and iteration efforts to uncover deeper and more meaningful responses from users by engaging them in the co-creation of narratives of use around the design. We created a series of narrative fictions with embedded design concepts, and built low-fi prototype artifacts for directed storytelling sessions with twelve participants. We conclude with a discussion of findings regarding the opportunities to more effectively use narrative techniques and immersive storytelling to create valuable experiences between designers and users.	Design-driven narrative: using stories to prototype and build immersive design worlds	NA:NA	2018
Verena Fuchsberger:Martin Murer:Manfred Tscheligi	In HCI, and especially in interaction design, the material aspect of interactions is currently emphasized. Nevertheless, it is challenging to theoretically frame the variety of digital or immaterial, and physical materials. In order to contribute to this materiality discourse, we reflect on McLuhan's work on media analysis and on Latour's Actor-Network Theory in this paper. Both emphasize the active role of the material - be it media or any other kind of non-human actors - in the interplay with the human. Thus, we establish junctures between their findings and materials, as used in interaction design in HCI. We discuss McLuhan's claim to focus on new sensory effects and ways of interaction brought forth by new media. Furthermore, we illustrate how describing the connections between materials, designers, and users in terms of Latour's Actor-Networks can be beneficial for interaction design. Finally, we discuss the respective methodology and its relation to research through design.	Materials, materiality, and media	NA:NA:NA	2018
Neha Kumar:Tapan S. Parikh	Building on recent HCI contributions that assert the materiality of digital information, we examine the material nature of digital media and information technology in the context of mobile music production, reproduction, and reception in rural and semi-urban India. We use ethnographic methods to study the recent adoption and use of mobile technology and discuss our findings in relation to the evolving materiality of music. We also investigate the sociotechnical configurations that emerge as a consequence of this materiality. Thus we contribute to HCI research by showing how the material representations of digital media affect the interactions of humans with technology.	Mobiles, music, and materiality	NA:NA	2018
Steven J. Jackson:Sarah Barbrow	HCI studies of computational change in the sciences have made important design and analytic contributions, to other fields of science and to HCI itself. But some of the longer-term effects and complexities of infrastructural change in the sciences aren't easily captured under short-term, design- or artifact-centered accounts. Drawing on extended ethnographic study of computational development in ecology, this paper explores the relationship between new computational infrastructure and the nature of ecology as a vocation: roughly, the deeply held sense of what it means to 'be' an ecologist, and to 'do' ecology. We analyze in particular the nature of the field and field work as a central site of ecological practice and identity; how new computational developments are remediating this crucial relation; and the emergent vocational values that new and more computationally-intensive forms of ecology may give rise to.	Infrastructure and vocation: field, calling and computation in ecology	NA:NA	2018
Michael Muller	NA	Session details: Papers: design for children	NA	2018
Fenne van Doorn:Pieter Jan Stappers:Mathieu Gielen	This paper explores the use of participants as research collaborators in the domain of contextual user research. In participatory- and co-design, users participate increasingly early in the design process. When conducting user research in order to gain contextual knowledge about the lives, experiences and wishes of users, collaborators can be of help in setting up, conducting research and analyzing the data. A case study was conducted to investigate if and how children are able to perform as research collaborators. Children conducted interviews with other participants, and in doing increased their knowledge about people close to them, and about themselves. The gained insights were personal and the used personas proved to be a valuable tool. In the role of researcher, the children discovered similarities and differences between themselves and others. Besides gaining valuable insights from their participants, they accessed and shared their own experiences, so while listening to others, the children got sensitized themselves. In other words, the current study found that next to gathering more data, "super-sources" are created when children become research collaborators.	Design research by proxy: using children as researchers to gain contextual knowledge about user experience.	NA:NA:NA	2018
Greg Walsh:Elizabeth Foss:Jason Yip:Allison Druin	In this paper, we present a framework that describes commonly used design techniques for Participatory Design with children. Although there are many currently used techniques for designing with children, researchers working in differing contexts and in a changing technological landscape find themselves facing difficult design situations. The FACIT PD framework presented in this paper can aid in choosing existing design techniques or in developing new techniques regardless of the stage in the design cycle, the technology being developed, or philosophical approach to design method. The framework consists of eight dimensions, concerning the design partners, the design goal, and the design technique. The partner dimensions are partner experience and need for accommodation. The design goal dimensions are design space and maturity of design. The technique dimensions include: cost, portability, technology and physical interaction. Three cases will be presented which describe new techniques developed using the framework and two cases will describe existing techniques.	FACIT PD: a framework for analysis and creation of intergenerational techniques for participatory design	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Harald Holone:Jo Herstad	One ideal of Participatory Design (PD) is active involvement by all stakeholders as co-designers. However, when PD is applied to real projects, certain compromises are unavoidable, no matter what stakeholders are involved. With this paper we want to shed light on some of the challenges in implementing "true" PD in the case of designing with children, in particular children with severe disabilities. We do this work to better understand challenges in an ongoing project, RHYME, and by doing so we hope to provide insight and inspiration for others.	Three tensions in participatory design for inclusion	NA:NA	2018
Sara Price:Carey Jewitt	The methods of data collection that we choose determine the kinds of data that we have access to, and thus shape analyses. In the context of novel interfaces where different modes, available through the environment and context, mediate the interaction, understanding methodological approaches is critical. This paper examines alternative methods of data collection for exploring student's embodied interaction with novel technology in a learning context. Specifically it analyses non-facilitated interaction in a tangible learning environment, in conjunction with three different post activity interview approaches: semi-structured interviews; semi-structured interview with video prompted recall; and interviews using the technology itself. Findings suggest that the different interview approaches change the nature of information elicited, and that non-facilitated interaction offers clearer insight into interpretation, both in terms of the meaning that emerges through, and is, therefore, embodied in the interaction, and in terms of representation, directly informing design.	Interview approaches to researching embodiment	NA:NA	2018
Gloria Mark	NA	Session details: Papers: evaluation methods 3	NA	2018
Benjamin Birnbaum:Gaetano Borriello:Abraham D. Flaxman:Brian DeRenzi:Anna R. Karlin	Surveys conducted by human interviewers are one of the principal means of gathering data from all over the world, but the quality of this data can be threatened by interviewer fabrication. In this paper, we investigate a new approach to detecting interviewer fabrication automatically. We instrument electronic data collection software to record logs of low-level behavioral data and show that supervised classification, when applied to features extracted from these logs, can identify interviewer fabrication with an accuracy of up to 96%. We show that even when interviewers know that our approach is being used, have some knowledge of how it works, and are incentivized to avoid detection, it can still achieve an accuracy of 86%. We also demonstrate the robustness of our approach to a moderate amount of label noise and provide practical recommendations, based on empirical evidence, on how much data is needed for our approach to be effective.	Using behavioral data to identify interviewer fabrication in surveys	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rúben Gouveia:Evangelos Karapanos	As HCI shifts "to the wild", in-situ methods such as Diary Methods and the Experience Sampling Method are gaining momentum. However, researchers have acknowledged the intrusiveness and lack of realism in these methods and have proposed solutions, notably through lightweight and rich media capture. In this paper we explore the concept of lifelogging as an alternative solution to these two challenges. We describe Footprint Tracker, a tool that allows the review of lifelogs with the aim to support recall and reflection over daily activities and experiences. In a field trial, we study how four different types of cues, namely visual, location, temporal and social context, trigger memories of recent events and associated emotions. We conclude with a number of implications for the design of lifelogging systems that support recall and reflection upon recent events as well as ones lying further in our past.	Footprint tracker: supporting diary studies with lifelogging	NA:NA	2018
Andreas Möller:Matthias Kranz:Barbara Schmid:Luis Roalter:Stefan Diewald	Self-reporting techniques, such as data logging or a diary, are frequently used in long-term studies, but prone to subjects' forgetfulness and other sources of inaccuracy. We conducted a six-week self-reporting study on smartphone usage in order to investigate the accuracy of self-reported information, and used logged data as ground truth to compare the subjects' reports against. Subjects never recorded more than 70% and, depending on the requested reporting interval, down to less than 40% of actual app usages. They significantly overestimated how long they used apps. While subjects forgot self-reports when no automatic reminders were sent, a high reporting frequency was perceived as uncomfortable and burdensome. Most significantly, self-reporting even changed the actual app usage of users and hence can lead to deceptive measures if a study relies on no other data sources. With this contribution, we provide empirical quantitative long-term data on the reliability of self-reported data collected with mobile devices. We aim to make researchers aware of the caveats of self-reporting and give recommendations for maximizing the reliability of results when conducting large-scale, long-term app usage studies.	Investigating self-reporting behavior in long-term studies	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sharon McDonald:Helen Petrie	Verbal protocols are the primary tool for understanding users' task-solving behaviors during usability testing. We investigated whether the classic think-aloud and a think-aloud with an explicit instruction leads to different task-solving performance compared to silent working. The results suggest that the classic method had no impact on task performance whereas the explicit instruction led to an increase in within-page and between-page navigation and scrolling activity. The classic method was linked to an increase in mental workload in terms of effort and frustration. The explicit think-aloud led to an increase in mental demand, performance, effort and frustration.	The effect of global instructions on think-aloud testing	NA:NA	2018
Adam Fouse:Nadir Weibel:Christine Johnson:James D. Hollan	In this paper we describe the development of a novel paper-digital interface for recording movement trajectories, designed to assist ethnographers and ethologists in analysis of social movement. While we focus on development of a system to aid analysis of elephant movement, the resulting interaction techniques and facilities are quite general. The paper highlights how our design evolved to balance the goals of researchers, their current practices, and the challenges of integrating the relatively unconstrained world of pen and paper with the relatively constrained world of digital systems.	Reifying social movement trajectories	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Paul Marshall	NA	Session details: Papers: visual perception	NA	2018
Lane Harrison:Drew Skau:Steven Franconeri:Aidong Lu:Remco Chang	Recent research suggests that individual personality differences can influence performance with visualizations. In addition to stable personality traits, research in psychology has found that temporary changes in affect (emotion) can also significantly impact performance during cognitive tasks. In this paper, we show that affective priming also influences user performance on visual judgment tasks through an experiment that combines affective priming with longstanding graphical perception experiments. Our results suggest that affective priming can influence accuracy in common graphical perception tasks. We discuss possible explanations for these findings, and describe how these findings can be applied to design visualizations that are less (or more) susceptible to error in common visualization contexts.	Influencing visual judgment through affective priming	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Anupriya Ankolekar:Thomas Sandholm:Louis Yu	Current location-based services (LBS) typically allow users to locate points of interest (POI) in their vicinity but can detract from the user's emotional experience of exploring a new location. In this paper, we examine how cues in the form of popular music (musicons) can emotionally engage users and enhance their experience of discovering nearby POIs serendipitously in unfamiliar places. The primary contribution of this paper is a field study, in which we evaluate the performance and emotional engagement of different types of audio-based cues for directing users' attention to specific POIs. Musicons and mixed-modality cues performed close to visual and speech cues, and significantly better than auditory icons, for POI identification while creating a much more pleasant and engaging user experience. We conclude that cues for POI discovery need not always be as explicit as the baseline visual cues. Indeed, the most challenging cues, auditory icons, led to a heightened sense of autonomy.	Play it by ear: a case for serendipitous discovery of places with musicons	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jonathan Hook:John McCarthy:Peter Wright:Patrick Olivier	We explore whether idiographic design, a category of interaction design that focuses upon responding to detailed personal accounts of individuals' practices, can be used to support interaction designers in responding to the complex and multifaceted design space posed by live performance. We describe and reflect upon the application of an idiographic approach during the design of Waves, an interface for live VJ performance. This approach involved a close and dialogical engagement with the practices and experiences of an individual live performer, during a series of semi-structured interviews and then the discussion and iteration of an evolving prototypical design. Reflection on the experience of applying this approach highlights idiographic design as a practical means to support interaction designers in proposing innovative designs that respond sensitively to the kinds of subtle and complex issues that underpin people's lived and felt experiences of live performance and, potentially, many other domains.	Waves: exploring idiographic design for live performance	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Junko Ichino:Kazuo Isoda:Ayako Hanai:Tetsuya Ueda	In order to achieve the intended level of communication with visitors in museums where large displays are installed, it is essential to understand how various display factors affect visitors. We explore the effects of the display angle on individual users. In our experiment, we set up three types of flat displays - vertical, horizontal, and tilted - and comprehensively tested users' cognitive, behavioral, and subjective aspects. The results showed that a significant difference could be discerned in regards to cognitive and subjective aspects. Test results for the cognitive aspect showed that the display angle on which the displayed content was easy to understand and remember differed depending on age. Test results for the subjective aspect showed that irrespective of age, users rated tilted displays as being quicker to attract attention and easier to peruse, to understand and remember the content, and to interact with, and such displays were the most preferred.	Effects of the display angle in museums on user's cognition, behavior, and subjective responses	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Leong-Hwee Teo	NA	Session details: Papers: searching and finding	NA	2018
Aniket Kittur:Andrew M. Peters:Abdigani Diriye:Trupti Telang:Michael R. Bove	People spend an enormous amount of time searching for and saving information online. Existing tools capture only a small portion of the cognitive processing a user engages in while making sense of a new domain. In this paper we introduce a novel interface for capturing online information in a structured but lightweight way. We use this interface as a platform to experimentally characterize the costs and benefits of structuring information during the sensemaking process. Our results contribute empirical knowledge relevant to theories of information seeking and sensemaking, and practical implications for the development of tools to capture and share online information.	Costs and benefits of structured information foraging	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Henry Feild:Ryen W. White:Xin Fu	Search engines help their users decide which results to visit using captions comprising titles, URLs, and snippets containing the query keywords and proximal text from landing pages (the search results linked from the result page). Although caption content can be a key factor in these decisions, snippets provide only basic support for orienting users with landing page content from the search-engine result page (SERP), and no support during the transition to landing pages or once users reach the page following a selection decision. As a result, many searchers must employ inefficient strategies such as skimming and scanning the content of the landing page. In this paper we propose a novel method, called clickable snippets, to address this shortcoming. Clickable snippets provide searchers with a direct and actionable link between SERP captions and landing-page content. We describe a user study comparing clickable snippets with extant methods of orientation support such as query-term highlighting on the landing page and thumbnail previews on the SERP. We show that clickable snippets are preferred by participants, and lead to more effective and efficient searching. Our findings have implications for the design of the user experience in search systems.	Supporting orientation during search result examination	NA:NA:NA	2018
Jian Zhao:Daniel Wigdor:Ravin Balakrishnan	Web applications designed for map exploration in local neighborhoods have become increasingly popular and important in everyday life. During the information-seeking process, users often revisit previously viewed locations, repeat earlier searches, or need to memorize or manually mark areas of interest. To facilitate rapid returns to earlier views during map exploration, we propose a novel algorithm to automatically generate map bookmarks based on a user's interaction. TrailMap, a web application based on this algorithm, is developed, providing a fluid and effective neighborhood exploration experience. A one-week study is conducted to evaluate TrailMap in users' everyday web browsing activities. Results showed that TrailMap's implicit bookmarking mechanism is efficient for map exploration and the interactive and visual nature of the tool is intuitive to users.	TrailMap: facilitating information seeking in a multi-scale digital map via implicit bookmarking	NA:NA:NA	2018
Elena Agapie:Gene Golovchinsky:Pernilla Qvarfordt	Although longer queries can produce better results for information seeking tasks, people tend to type short queries. We created an interface designed to encourage people to type longer queries, and evaluated it in two Mechanical Turk experiments. Results suggest that our interface manipulation may be effective for eliciting longer queries.	Leading people to longer queries	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kathy Baxter:Lori Wu Malahy:Jeremy Lubin	Search malware redirects nearly 100% of infected users' clicks on web search results to unintended websites. Most published research details how web-based malware works and technological interventions to stop it before users ever see it; however, the constant evolution of obfuscation techniques makes it difficult to prevent infection altogether. User interventions in the form of toolbars, dialogs, and user education have seen limited success. Previous research has focused on a prototypical type of malware; a sophisticated program that conceals itself (e.g., surreptitious download onto a host computer) or tries to fool the user by mimicking known, trusted websites (e.g., phishing attacks). The goal of our research is to understand users' experience, understanding of and response to search malware. The present research shows that even when confronted with blatantly unusual search behavior, people are unlikely to attribute blame to malware or to engage in behavior that may remedy the situation.	Pirates of the search results page	NA:NA:NA	2018
Stephane Huot	NA	Session details: Papers: mobile gestures	NA	2018
Marcos Serrano:Eric Lecolinet:Yves Guiard	We present Bezel-Tap Gestures, a novel family of interaction techniques for immediate interaction on handheld tablets regardless of whether the device is alive or in sleep mode. The technique rests on the close succession of two input events: first a bezel tap, whose detection by accelerometers will awake an idle tablet almost instantly, then a screen contact. Field studies confirmed that the probability of this input sequence occurring by chance is very low, excluding the accidental activation concern. One experiment examined the optimal size of the vocabulary of commands for all four regions of the bezel (top, bottom, left, right). Another experiment evaluated two variants of the technique which both allow two-level selection in a hierarchy of commands, the initial bezel tap being followed by either two screen taps or a screen slide. The data suggests that Bezel-Tap Gestures may serve to design large vocabularies of micro-interactions with a sleeping tablet.	Bezel-Tap gestures: quick activation of commands from sleep mode on tablets	NA:NA:NA	2018
Lung-Pan Cheng:Hsiang-Sheng Liang:Che-Yang Wu:Mike Y. Chen	Multitouch tablets, such as iPad and Android tablets, support virtual keyboards for text entry. Our 64-user study shows that 98% of the users preferred different keyboard layouts and positions depending on how they were holding these devices. However, current tablets either do not allow keyboard adjustment or require users to manually adjust the keyboards. We present iGrasp, which automatically adapts the layout and position of virtual keyboards based on how and where users are grasping the devices without requiring explicit user input. Our prototype uses 46 capacitive sensors positioned along the sides of an iPad to sense users' grasps, and supports two types of grasp-based automatic adaptation: layout switching and continuous positioning. Our two 18-user studies show that participants were able to begin typing 42% earlier using iGrasp's adaptive keyboard compared to the manually adjustable keyboard. Participants also rated iGrasp much easier to use than the manually adjustable keyboard (4.2 vs 2.9 on five-point Likert scale.)	iGrasp: grasp-based adaptive keyboard for mobile devices	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Eve Hoggan:John Williamson:Antti Oulasvirta:Miguel Nacenta:Per Ola Kristensson:Anu Lehtiö	Rotations performed with the index finger and thumb involve some of the most complex motor action among common multi-touch gestures, yet little is known about the factors affecting performance and ergonomics. This note presents results from a study where the angle, direction, diameter, and position of rotations were systematically manipulated. Subjects were asked to perform the rotations as quickly as possible without losing contact with the display, and were allowed to skip rotations that were too uncomfortable. The data show surprising interaction effects among the variables, and help us identify whole categories of rotations that are slow and cumbersome for users.	Multi-touch rotation gestures: performance and ergonomics	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Lung-Pan Cheng:Meng Han Lee:Che-Yang Wu:Fang-I Hsiao:Yen-Ting Liu:Hsiang-Sheng Liang:Yi-Ching Chiu:Ming-Sui Lee:Mike Y. Chen	Automatic screen rotation improves viewing experience and usability of mobile devices, but current gravity-based approaches do not support postures such as lying on one side, and manual rotation switches require explicit user input. iRotateGrasp automatically rotates screens of mobile devices to match users' viewing orientations based on how users are grasping the devices. Our insight is that users' grasps are consistent for each orientation, but significantly differ between different orientations. Our prototype used a total of 44 capacitive sensors along the four sides and the back of an iPod Touch, and uses support vector machine (SVM) to recognize grasps at 25Hz. We collected 6-users' usage under 108 different combinations of posture, orienta-tion, touchscreen operation, and left/right/both hands. Our offline analysis showed that our grasp-based approach is promising, with 80.9% accuracy when training and testing on different users, and up to 96.7% if users are willing to train the system. Our user study (N=16) showed that iRo-tateGrasp had an accuracy of 78.8% and was 31.3% more accurate than gravity-based rotation.	IrotateGrasp: automatic screen rotation based on grasp of mobile devices	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Steven Drucker	NA	Session details: Papers: design for developers	NA	2018
David J. Piorkowski:Scott D. Fleming:Irwin Kwan:Margaret M. Burnett:Christopher Scaffidi:Rachel K.E. Bellamy:Joshua Jordahl	One of the least studied areas of Information Foraging Theory is diet: the information foragers choose to seek. For example, do foragers choose solely based on cost, or do they stubbornly pursue certain diets regardless of cost? Do their debugging strategies vary with their diets? To investigate "what" and "how" questions like these for the domain of software debugging, we qualitatively analyzed 9 professional developers' foraging goals, goal patterns, and strategies. Participants spent 50% of their time foraging. Of their foraging, 58% fell into distinct dietary patterns - mostly in patterns not previously discussed in the literature. In general, programmers' foraging strategies leaned more heavily toward enrichment than we expected, but different strategies aligned with different goal types. These and our other findings help fill the gap as to what programmers' dietary goals are and how their strategies relate to those goals.	The whats and hows of programmers' foraging diets	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jan-Peter Krämer:Thorsten Karrer:Joachim Kurz:Moritz Wittenhagen:Jan Borchers	Understanding source code is crucial for successful software maintenance, and navigating the call graph is especially helpful to understand source code [12]. We compared maintenance performance across four different development environments: an IDE without any call graph exploration tool, a Call Hierarchy tool as found in Eclipse, and the tools Stacksplorer [7]and Blaze [11]. Using any of the call graph exploration tools more developers could solve certain maintenance tasks correctly. Only Stacksplorer and Blaze, however, were also able to decrease task completion times, although the Call Hierarchy offers access to a larger part of the call graph. To investigate if this result was caused by a change in navigation behavior between the tools, we used a set of predictive models to create formally comparable descriptions of programmer navigation. The results suggest that the decrease in task completion times has been caused by Stacksplorer and Blaze promoting call graph navigation more than the Call Hierarchy tool.	How tools in IDEs shape developers' navigation behavior	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Ranjitha Kumar:Arvind Satyanarayan:Cesar Torres:Maxine Lim:Salman Ahmad:Scott R. Klemmer:Jerry O. Talton	Advances in data mining and knowledge discovery have transformed the way Web sites are designed. However, while visual presentation is an intrinsic part of the Web, traditional data mining techniques ignore render-time page structures and their attributes. This paper introduces design mining for the Web: using knowledge discovery techniques to understand design demographics, automate design curation, and support data-driven design tools. This idea is manifest in Webzeitgeist, a platform for large-scale design mining comprising a repository of over 100,000 Web pages and 100 million design elements. This paper describes the principles driving design mining, the implementation of the Webzeitgeist architecture, and the new class of data-driven design applications it enables.	Webzeitgeist: design mining the web	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Valentina Grigoreanu:Manal Mohanna	Agile software teams' frequent releases and fast iterations present a growing need for rigorous user experience research methods that are faster, lighter-weight, and more flexible. To this end, we developed the Informal Cognitive Walkthrough (ICW). This agile research methodology grew organically, over the course of three years, while working with a very large agile software development team. ICWs involve conducting one or more Simplified 'Streamlined Cognitive Walkthroughs' (SSCW), followed by one or more Simplified 'Pluralistic Walkthroughs' (SPW). In this paper, we present the ICW and provide a real-world example of its application. Preliminary experiences with the method revealed potential advantages over traditional lab studies, ranging from more quickly uncovering and fixing usability issues, to a stronger collaboration between the disciplines, and to acting as a forcing function in aligning diverse engineers to deliver on a common user goal.	Informal cognitive walkthroughs (ICW): paring down and pairing up for an agile world	NA:NA	2018
Jun Kato:Daisuke Sakamoto:Takeo Igarashi	Current programming environments use textual or symbolic representations. While these representations are appropriate for describing logical processes, they are not appropriate for representing raw values such as human and robot posture data, which are necessary for handling gesture input and controlling robots. To address this issue, we propose Picode, a text-based development environment integrated with visual representations: photos of human and robots. With Picode, the user first takes a photo to bind it to posture data. S/he then drag-and-drops the photo into the code editor, where it is displayed as an inline image. A preliminary in-house user study implied positive effects of taking photos on the programming experience.	Picode: inline photos representing posture data in source code	NA:NA:NA	2018
Joanna McGrenere	NA	Session details: Papers: perception and awareness	NA	2018
Sharon Lin:Pat Hanrahan	Color choice plays an important role in works of graphic art and design. However, it can be difficult to choose a compelling set of colors, or color theme, from scratch. In this work, we present a method for extracting color themes from images using a regression model trained on themes created by people. We collect 1600 themes from Mechanical Turk as well as from artists. We find that themes extracted by Turk participants were similar to ones extracted by artists. In addition, people tended to select diverse colors and focus on colors in salient image regions. We show that our model can match human-extracted themes more closely compared to previous work. Themes extracted by our model were also rated higher as representing the image than previous approaches in a Mechanical Turk study.	Modeling how people extract color themes from images	NA:NA	2018
Eyal Ofek:Shamsi T. Iqbal:Karin Strauss	With proliferation of mobile devices that provide ubiquitous access to information, the question arises of how distracting processing information in social settings can be, especially during face-to-face conversations. However, relevant information presented at opportune moments may help enhance conversation quality. In this paper, we study how much information users can consume during a conversation and what information delivery mode, via audio or visual aids, helps them effectively conceal the fact that they are receiving information. We observe that users can internalize more information while still disguising this fact the best when information is delivered visually in batches (multiple pieces of information at a time) and perform better on both dimensions if information is delivered while they are not speaking. Interestingly, participants qualitatively did not prefer this mode as being the easiest to use, preferring modes that displayed one piece of information at a time.	Reducing disruption from subtle information delivery during a conversation: mode and bandwidth investigation	NA:NA:NA	2018
Daniel Gartenberg:Leonard A. Breslow:Joo Park:J. Malcolm McCurry:J. Gregory Trafton	Adaptive automation (AA) can improve performance while addressing the problems associated with a fully automated system. The best way to invoke AA is unclear, but two ways include critical events and the operator's state. A hybrid model of AA invocation, the dynamic model of operator overload (DMOO), that takes into account critical events and the operator's state was recently shown to improve performance. The DMOO initiates AA using critical events and attention allocation, informed by eye movements. We compared the DMOO with an inaccurate automation invocation system and a system that invoked AA based only on critical events. Fewer errors were made with DMOO than with the inaccurate system. In the critical event condition, where automation was invoked at an earlier point in time, there were more memory and planning errors, while for the DMOO condition, which invocated automation at a later point in time, there were more perceptual errors. These findings provide a framework for reducing specific types of errors through different automation invocation.	Adaptive automation and cue invocation: the effect of cue timing on operator error	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Dario D. Salvucci	Recent studies of driver distraction have reported a number of detrimental effects of in-vehicle interaction on driver performance. This paper examines and predicts the potential effects of such interaction on other vehicles around the driver's vehicle. Specifically, the paper describes how computational cognitive models can be used to predict the complex interactions among several vehicles driving in a line when one or more of the vehicles' drivers are performing a secondary task (phone dialing). The results of simulating two distinct car-following scenarios illustrate that in-vehicle interaction by one driver can have significant downstream effects on other drivers, especially with respect to speed deviations relative to a lead vehicle. This work generalizes recent work developing computational evaluation tools for user interfaces in complex domains, and further serves as an example of how user interaction in some domains can have broader effects on the community at large.	Distraction beyond the driver: predicting the effects of in-vehicle interaction on surrounding traffic	NA	2018
Sangseok You:S. Shyam Sundar	Visual perception is dependent upon one's physical state. The apparent inclination of a hill is overestimated when the observer is carrying a heavy backpack. But, what if the hill is a virtual one and the user is about to navigate the virtual environment through an avatar? In a 2 (user with a backpack vs. user without the backpack) × 2 (avatar with a virtual backpack vs. avatar without a virtual backpack) × 2 (customized avatar vs. assigned avatar) between-subjects experiment (N = 121), participants estimated the hill as being steeper when using a customized avatar rather than an assigned one. When the avatar is encumbered by a heavy virtual backpack, those with a customized avatar perceived the virtual hill as being more difficult to climb. Avatar customization and the physical resources of the avatar (operationalized here in the form of a 'virtual' backpack) were found to be key predictors of embodied perception in virtual environments (VE). This has implications for the design of games and interventions that make use of VEs.	I feel for my avatar: embodied perception in VEs	NA:NA	2018
Daniel Wigdor	NA	Session details: Papers: spatial interfaces	NA	2018
Joey Scarr:Andy Cockburn:Carl Gutwin:Sylvain Malacria	Relative spatial consistency - that is, the stable arrangement of objects in a 2D presentation - provides several benefits for interactive interfaces. Spatial consistency allows users to develop memory of object locations, reducing the time needed for visual search, and because spatial memory is long lasting and has a large capacity these performance benefits are enduring and scalable. This suggests that spatial consistency could be used as a fundamental principle for the design of interfaces. However, there are many display situations where the standard presentation is altered in some way: e.g., a window is moved to a new location, scaled, or rotated on a mobile or tabletop display. It is not known whether the benefits of spatial organization are robust to these common kinds of view transformation. To assess these effects, we tested user performance with a spatial interface that had been transformed in several ways, including different degrees of translation, rotation, scaling, and perspective change. We found that performance was not strongly affected by the changes, except in the case of large rotations. To demonstrate the value of spatial consistency over existing mechanisms for dealing with view changes, we compared user performance with a spatially-stable presentation (using scaling) with that of a 'reflowing' presentation (widely used in current interfaces). This study showed that spatial stability with scaling dramatically outperforms reflowing. This research provides new evidence of spatial consistency's value in interface design: it is robust to the view transformations that occur in typical environments, and it provides substantial performance advantages over traditional methods.	Testing the robustness and performance of spatially consistent interfaces	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Alexandra Ion:Y.-L. Betty Chang:Michael Haller:Mark Hancock:Stacey D. Scott	Overview+Detail interfaces can be used to examine the details of complex data while retaining the data's overall context. Dynamic data introduce challenges for these interfaces, however, as moving objects may exit the detail view, as well as a person's field of view if they are working at a large interactive surface. To address this "off-view" problem, we propose a new information visualization technique, called Canyon. This technique attaches a small view of an off-view object, including some surrounding context, to the external boundary of the detail view. The area between the detail view and the region containing the off-view object is virtually "folded" to conserve space. A comparison study was conducted contrasting the benefits and limitations of Canyon to an established technique, called Wedge. Canyon was more accurate across a number of tasks, especially more complex tasks, and was comparably efficient.	Canyon: providing location awareness of multiple moving objects in a detail view on large displays	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Krystian Samp	This paper presents a design space for graphical menus. We model the design space as a set of design goals, a set of design characteristics, and connections between the two. The design goals are based on novice and expert behaviors. The connections link the choices for design characteristics with the positive or negative effects that these choices have on the design goals. The paper further synthesizes the design space into a succinct form of structured design recommendations. A case study demonstrates how these recommendations can be used to assess and compare the strengths and weaknesses of two menu designs.	Designing graphical menus for novices and experts: connecting design characteristics with design goals	NA	2018
Joon Hyub Lee:Seok-Hyung Bae	Binocular parallax is a problem for any interaction system that has a transparent display and objects behind it, as users will see duplicated and overlapped images. In this note, we propose a quantitative measure called Binocular Selectability Discriminant (BSD) to predict the ability of the user to perform selection task in such a setup. In addition, we propose a technique called Binocular Cursor (BC) which takes advantage of this duplicating and overlapping phenomenon, rather than being hampered by it, to resolve binocular selection ambiguity by visualizing the correct selection point. An experiment shows that selection with BC is not slower than monocular selection, and that it can be significantly more precise, depending on the design of BC.	Binocular cursor: enabling selection on transparent displays troubled by binocular parallax	NA:NA	2018
Bonifaz Kaufmann:David Ahlström	Smartphones are useful personal assistants and omnipresent communication devices. However, collaboration is not among their strengths. With the advent of embedded projectors this might change. We conducted a study with 56 participants to find out if map navigation and spatial memory performance among users and observers can be improved by using a projector phone with a peephole interface instead of a smartphone with its touchscreen interface. Our results show that users performed map navigation equally well on both interfaces. Spatial memory performance, however, was 41% better for projector phone users. Moreover, observers of the map navigation on the projector phone were 25% more accurate when asked to recall locations of points of interest after they watched a user performing map navigation.	Studying spatial memory and map navigation performance on projector phones with peephole interaction	NA:NA	2018
Bilge Mutlu	NA	Session details: Papers: autism	NA	2018
Gabriela Marcu:Kevin Tassini:Quintin Carlson:Jillian Goodwyn:Gabrielle Rivkin:Kevin J. Schaefer:Anind K. Dey:Sara Kiesler	Autism education programs for children collect and use large amounts of behavioral data on each student. Staff use paper almost exclusively to collect these data, despite significant problems they face in tracking student data in situ, filling out data sheets and graphs on a daily basis, and using the sheets in collaborative decision making. We conducted fieldwork to understand data collection and use in the domain of autism education to explain why current technology had not met staff needs. We found that data needs are complex and unstandardized, immediate demands of the job interfere with staff ability to collect in situ data, and existing technology for data collection is inadequate. We also identified opportunities for technology to improve sharing and use of data. We found that data sheets are idiosyncratic and not useful without human mediation; improved communication with parents could benefit children's development; and staff are willing, and even eager, to incorporate technology. These factors explain the continued dependence on paper for data collection in this environment, and reveal opportunities for technology to support data collection and improve use of collected data.	Why do they still use paper?: understanding data collection and use in Autism education	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Svetha Venkatesh:Dinh Phung:Thi Duong:Stewart Greenhill:Brett Adams	We describe TOBY Playpad, an early intervention program for children with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). TOBY teaches the teacher -- the parent -- during the crucial period following diagnosis, which often coincides with no access to formal therapy. We reflect on TOBY's evolution from table-top aid for flashcards to an iPad app covering a syllabus of 326 activities across 51 skills known to be deficient for ASD children, such imitation, joint attention and language. The design challenges unique to TOBY are the need to adapt to marked differences in each child's skills and rate of development (a trait of ASD) and teach parents unfamiliar concepts core to behavioural therapy, such as reinforcement, prompting, and fading. We report on three trials that successively decrease oversight and increase parental autonomy, and demonstrate clear evidence of learning. TOBY's uniquely intertwined Natural Environment Tasks are found to be effective for children and popular with parents.	TOBY: early intervention in autism through technology	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Juan Pablo Hourcade:Stacy R. Williams:Ellen A. Miller:Kelsey E. Huebner:Lucas J. Liang	The increasing rates of diagnosis for Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASDs) have brought unprecedented attention to these conditions. Interventions during childhood can increase the likelihood of independent living later in life, but most adults with ASDs who benefited from early intervention do not live independently. There is a need for novel therapies and interventions that can help children with ASDs develop the social skills necessary to live independently. Since the launch of the iPad, there has been a great deal of excitement in the autism community about multitouch tablets and their possible use in interventions. There are hundreds of apps listed as possibly helping children with ASDs, yet there is little empirical evidence that any of them have positive effects. In this paper we present a study on the use of a set of apps from Open Autism Software at an afterschool program for children with ASDs. The apps are designed to naturally encourage positive social interactions through creative, expressive, and collaborative activities. The study compared activities conducted with the apps to similar activities conducted without the apps. We video recorded the activities, and coded children's behavior. We found that during the study children spoke more sentences, had more verbal interactions, and were more physically engaged with the activities when using the apps. We also found that children made more supportive comments during activities conducted with two of the apps. The results suggest the approach to using apps evaluated in this paper can increase positive social interactions in children with ASDs.	Evaluation of tablet apps to encourage social interaction in children with autism spectrum disorders	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Hwajung Hong:Svetlana Yarosh:Jennifer G. Kim:Gregory D. Abowd:Rosa I. Arriaga	Building social support networks is crucial both for less-independent individuals with autism and for their primary caregivers. In this paper, we describe a four-week exploratory study of a social network service (SNS) that allows young adults with autism to garner support from their family and friends. We explore the unique benefits and challenges of using SNSs to mediate requests for help or advice. In particular, we examine the extent to which specialized features of an SNS can engage users in communicating with their network members to get advice in varied situations. Our findings indicate that technology-supported communication particularly strengthened the relationship between the individual and extended network members, mitigating concerns about over-reliance on primary caregivers. Our work identifies implications for the design of social networking services tailored to meet the needs of this special needs population.	Investigating the use of circles in social networks to support independence of individuals with autism	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Pierre Dragicevic	NA	Session details: Papers: information visualization	NA	2018
Charles Perin:Frédéric Vernier:Jean-Daniel Fekete	Many approaches have been proposed for the visualization of multiple time series. Two prominent approaches are reduced line charts (RLC), which display small multiples for time series, and the more recent horizon graphs (HG). We propose to unify RLC and HG using a new technique - interactive horizon graphs (IHG) - which uses pan and zoom interaction to increase the number of time series that can be analysed in parallel. In a user study we compared RLC, HG, and IHG across several tasks and numbers of time series, focusing on datasets with both large scale and small scale variations. Our results show that IHG outperform the other two techniques in complex comparison and matching tasks where the number of charts is large. In the hardest task PHG have a significantly higher number of good answers (correctness) than HG (+14%) and RLC (+51%) and a lower error magnitude than HG (-64%) and RLC (-86%).	Interactive horizon graphs: improving the compact visualization of multiple time series	NA:NA:NA	2018
Justin Matejka:Tovi Grossman:George Fitzmaurice	We present Patina, an application independent system for collecting and visualizing software application usage data. Patina requires no instrumentation of the target application, all data is collected through standard window metrics and accessibility APIs. The primary visualization is a dynamic heatmap overlay which adapts to match the content, location, and shape of the user interface controls visible in the active application. We discuss a set of design guidelines for the Patina system, describe our implementation of the system, and report on an initial evaluation based on a short-term deployment of the system.	Patina: dynamic heatmaps for visualizing application usage	NA:NA:NA	2018
Johannes Fuchs:Fabian Fischer:Florian Mansmann:Enrico Bertini:Petra Isenberg	We present the results of a controlled experiment to investigate the performance of different temporal glyph designs in a small multiple setting. Analyzing many time series at once is a common yet difficult task in many domains, for example in network monitoring. Several visualization techniques have, thus, been proposed in the literature. Among these, iconic displays or glyphs are an appropriate choice because of their expressiveness and effective use of screen space. Through a controlled experiment, we compare the performance of four glyphs that use different combinations of visual variables to encode two properties of temporal data: a) the position of a data point in time and b) the quantitative value of this data point. Our results show that depending on tasks and data density, the chosen glyphs performed differently. Line Glyphs are generally a good choice for peak and trend detection tasks but radial encodings are more effective for reading values at specific temporal locations. From our qualitative analysis we also contribute implications for designing temporal glyphs for small multiple settings.	Evaluation of alternative glyph designs for time series data in a small multiple setting	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Cody Dunne:Ben Shneiderman	Analyzing networks involves understanding the complex relationships between entities, as well as any attributes they may have. The widely used node-link diagrams excel at this task, but many are difficult to extract meaning from because of the inherent complexity of the relationships and limited screen space. To help address this problem we introduce a technique called motif simplification, in which common patterns of nodes and links are replaced with compact and meaningful glyphs. Well-designed glyphs have several benefits: they (1) require less screen space and layout effort, (2) are easier to understand in the context of the network, (3) can reveal otherwise hidden relationships, and (4) preserve as much underlying information as possible. We tackle three frequently occurring and high-payoff motifs: fans of nodes with a single neighbor, connectors that link a set of anchor nodes, and cliques of completely connected nodes. We contribute design guidelines for motif glyphs; example glyphs for the fan, connector, and clique motifs; algorithms for detecting these motifs; a free and open source reference implementation; and results from a controlled study of 36 participants that demonstrates the effectiveness of motif simplification.	Motif simplification: improving network visualization readability with fan, connector, and clique glyphs	NA:NA	2018
Sean Munson	NA	Session details: Papers: social media practices	NA	2018
Eric P.S. Baumer:Phil Adams:Vera D. Khovanskaya:Tony C. Liao:Madeline E. Smith:Victoria Schwanda Sosik:Kaiton Williams	Despite the abundance of research on social networking sites, relatively little research has studied those who choose not to use such sites. This paper presents results from a questionnaire of over 400 Internet users, focusing specifically on Facebook and those users who have left the service. Results show the lack of a clear, binary distinction between use and non-use, that various practices enable diverse ways and degrees of engagement with and disengagement from Facebook. Furthermore, qualitative analysis reveals numerous complex and interrelated motivations and justifications, both for leaving and for maintaining some type of connection. These motivations include: privacy, data misuse, productivity, banality, addiction, and external pressures. These results not only contribute to our understanding of online sociality by examining this under-explored area, but they also build on previous work to help advance how we conceptually account for the sociological processes of non-use.	Limiting, leaving, and (re)lapsing: an exploration of facebook non-use practices and experiences	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Munmun De Choudhury:Scott Counts:Eric Horvitz	We consider social media as a promising tool for public health, focusing on the use of Twitter posts to build predictive models about the forthcoming influence of childbirth on the behavior and mood of new mothers. Using Twitter posts, we quantify postpartum changes in 376 mothers along dimensions of social engagement, emotion, social network, and linguistic style. We then construct statistical models from a training set of observations of these measures before and after the reported childbirth, to forecast significant postpartum changes in mothers. The predictive models can classify mothers who will change significantly following childbirth with an accuracy of 71%, using observations about their prenatal behavior, and as accurately as 80-83% when additionally leveraging the initial 2-3 weeks of postnatal data. The study is motivated by the opportunity to use social media to identify mothers at risk of postpartum depression, an underreported health concern among large populations, and to inform the design of low-cost, privacy-sensitive early-warning systems and intervention programs aimed at promoting wellness postpartum.	Predicting postpartum changes in emotion and behavior via social media	NA:NA:NA	2018
Manya Sleeper:Justin Cranshaw:Patrick Gage Kelley:Blase Ur:Alessandro Acquisti:Lorrie Faith Cranor:Norman Sadeh	We present the results of an online survey of 1,221 Twitter users, comparing messages individuals regretted either saying during in-person conversations or posting on Twitter. Participants generally reported similar types of regrets in person and on Twitter. In particular, they often regretted messages that were critical of others. However, regretted messages that were cathartic/expressive or revealed too much information were reported at a higher rate for Twitter. Regretted messages on Twitter also reached broader audiences. In addition, we found that participants who posted on Twitter became aware of, and tried to repair, regret more slowly than those reporting in-person regrets. From this comparison of Twitter and in-person regrets, we provide preliminary ideas for tools to help Twitter users avoid and cope with regret.	"i read my Twitter the next morning and was astonished": a conversational perspective on Twitter regrets	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Tasos Spiliotopoulos:Ian Oakley	This study explores the links between motives for using a social network service and numerical measures of that activity. Specifically, it identified motives for Facebook use by employing a Uses and Gratifications (U&G) approach and then investigated the extent to which these motives can be predicted through usage and network metrics collected automatically via the Facebook API. In total, 11 Facebook usage metrics and eight personal network metrics served as predictors. Results showed that all three variable types in this expanded U&G frame of analysis (covering social antecedents, usage metrics, and personal network metrics) effectively predicted motives and highlighted interesting behaviors. To further illustrate the power of this framework, the intricate nature of privacy in social media was explored and relationships drawn between privacy attitudes (and acts) and measures of use and network structure.	Understanding motivations for facebook use: usage metrics, network structure, and privacy	NA:NA	2018
Janet Vertesi	NA	Session details: Papers: different perspectives	NA	2018
Jeffrey Bardzell:Shaowen Bardzell	Critical design is a research through design methodology that foregrounds the ethics of design practice, reveals potentially hidden agendas and values, and explores alternative design values. While it seems to be a timely fit for today's socially, aesthetically, and ethically oriented approaches to HCI, its adoption seems surprisingly limited. We argue that its central concepts and methods are unclear and difficult to adopt. Rather than merely attempting to decode the intentions of its originators, Dunne and Raby, we instead turn to traditions of critical thought in the past 150 years to explore a range of critical ideas and their practical uses. We then suggest ways that these ideas and uses can be leveraged as practical resources for HCI researchers interested in critical design. We also offer readings of two designs, which are not billed as critical designs, but which we argue are critical using a broader formulation of the concept than the one found in the current literature.	What is "critical" about critical design?	NA:NA	2018
Eric B. Hekler:Predrag Klasnja:Jon E. Froehlich:Matthew P. Buman	Researchers in HCI and behavioral science are increasingly exploring the use of technology to support behavior change in domains such as health and sustainability. This work, however, remain largely siloed within the two communities. We begin to address this silo problem by attempting to build a bridge between the two disciplines at the level of behavioral theory. Specifically, we define core theoretical terms to create shared understanding about what theory is, discuss ways in which behavioral theory can be used to inform research on behavior change technologies, identify shortcomings in current behavioral theories, and outline ways in which HCI researchers can not only interpret and utilize behavioral science theories but also contribute to improving them.	Mind the theoretical gap: interpreting, using, and developing behavioral theory in HCI research	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Melanie Feinberg	To understand activities of personal collecting and preservation, HCI researchers have investigated why people become attached to particular objects. These studies have examined ways that people relate to physical and digital objects, observing, for example, that people tend to cherish physical objects more than digital ones. This paper proposes that the value of digital objects may inhere less in an object's identity as a particular item and more in the object's ability to provide access to an intellectual work. The work, a familiar concept in information studies and textual studies, designates a general product of intellectual creation that may be instantiated in many versions. (For example, Shakespeare's Hamlet exists in many editions and forms, which may differ in both content and carrier and yet still are all Hamlet.) The paper demonstrates how the concept of the work can extend research on the perceived value of digital objects. It also shows how a flexible definition of the work can reveal new aspects of a design situation.	Beyond digital and physical objects: the intellectual work as a concept of interest for HCI	NA	2018
Fahri Yetim	Critical researchers in HCI have recently faulted Persuasive Technology (PT) for taking a modernist approach and suggested ways for redirecting research. This paper reflects on this critical perspective and compares it with Habermas's critical perspective. I claim that the recent critiques of PT are grounded on a narrow and pessimistic concept of modernism, and that Habermas's works, rarely taken into account in the HCI community, can serve as an alternative lens for reflective analysis and design and can provide a foundation for justifying design decisions while realizing the unfulfilled potentials of PT. Beyond offering critical analysis and reflections, this paper contributes to the HCI field by calling attention to alternative reflective concepts and emerging relevant works.	Critical perspective on persuasive technology reconsidered	NA	2018
Lucian Leahu:Marisa Cohn:Wendy March	In a study of users' interactions with Siri, the iPhone personal assistant application, we noticed the emergence of overlaps and blurrings between explanatory categories such as "human" and "machine". We found that users work to purify these categories, thus resolving the tensions related to the overlaps. This "purification work" demonstrates how such categories are always in flux and are redrawn even as they are kept separate. Drawing on STS analytic techniques, we demonstrate the mechanisms of such "purification work." We also describe how such category work remained invisible to us during initial data analysis, due to our own forms of latent purification, and outline the particular analytic techniques that helped lead to this discovery. We thus provide an illustrative case of how categories come to matter in HCI research and design.	How categories come to matter	NA:NA:NA	2018
Kasper Hornb?k	NA	Session details: Papers: multi-device interaction	NA	2018
Dominik Schmidt:Corina Sas:Hans Gellersen	Clipboards are omnipresent on today's personal computing platforms. They provide copy-and-paste functionalities that let users easily reorganize information and quickly transfer data across applications. In this work, we introduce personal clipboards to multi-user surfaces. Personal clipboards enable individual and independent copy-and-paste operations, in the presence of multiple users concurrently sharing the same direct-touch interface. As common surface computing platforms do not distinguish touch input of different users, we have developed clipboards that leverage complementary personalization strategies. Specifically, we have built a context menu clipboard based on implicit user identification of every touch, a clipboard based on personal subareas dynamically placed on the surface, and a handheld clipboard based on integration of personal devices for surface interaction. In a user study, we demonstrate the effectiveness of personal clipboards for shared surfaces, and show that different personalization strategies enable clipboards, albeit with different impacts on interaction characteristics.	Personal clipboards for individual copy-and-paste on shared multi-user surfaces	NA:NA:NA	2018
James R. Wallace:Stacey D. Scott:Carolyn G. MacGregor	We describe an investigation of the support that three different display configurations provided for a collaborative sensemaking task: a digital table; personal tablets; and both the tabletop and personal tablets. Mixed-methods analyses revealed that the presence of a digital tabletop display led to improved sensemaking performance, and identified activities that were supported by the shared workspace. The digital tabletop supported a group's ability to prioritize information, to make comparisons between task data, and to form and critique the group's working hypothesis. Analyses of group performance revealed a positive correlation with equity of member participation using the shared digital table, and a negative correlation of equity of member participation using personal tablets. Implications for the support of sensemaking groups, and the use of equity of member participation as a predictive measure of their performance are discussed.	Collaborative sensemaking on a digital tabletop and personal tablets: prioritization, comparisons, and tableaux	NA:NA:NA	2018
Tero Jokela:Andrés Lucero	We present a comparative evaluation of two touch-based group-binding methods, a leader-driven method and a peer-based method, against a more conventional group-binding method based on scanning and passwords. The results indicate that the participants strongly preferred the touch-based methods in both pragmatic and hedonic qualities as well as in the overall attractiveness. While the leader-driven method allowed better control over the group and required only one participant to be able to form a group, the peer-based method helped to create a greater sense of community and scaled better for larger group sizes and distances. As the optimal group-binding method depends on the social situation and physical environment, the binding methods should be flexible, allowing the users to adapt them to different contexts of use. For determining the order of the devices, manual arrangement was preferred over defining the order by touching.	A comparative evaluation of touch-based methods to bind mobile devices for collaborative interactions	NA:NA	2018
Florian Mueller	NA	Session details: Papers: On the move	NA	2018
Elena Márquez Segura:Annika Waern:Jin Moen:Carolina Johansson	The past decade has seen an increased focus on body movement in computer games. We take a step further to look at body games: games in which the main source of enjoyment comes from bodily engagement. We argue that for these games, the physical and social settings become just as important design resources as the technology. Although all body games benefit from an integrated design approach, the social and physical setting become particularly useful as design resources when the technology has limited sensing capabilities. We develop our understanding of body games through a literature study and a concrete design experiment with designing multiplayer games for the BodyBug, a mobile device with limited sensing capabilities. Although the device was designed for free and natural movements, previous games fell short in realizing this design ideal. By designing the technology function together with its physical and social context, we were able to overcome device limitations. One of the games was subsequently incorporated in its commercial release.	The design space of body games: technological, physical, and social design	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Helena M. Mentis:Carolina Johansson	With the increased availability of movement based interactive devices there is a growing interest in exploring the potential design space for engaging movement-based interactions. This has led to the exploration of different ways to sense and model movement such as Laban Movement Analysis' Effort qualities. However, little is understood in how movement qualities are perceived and experienced by users. We explored this in an interactive improvisational dance performance setting. From video analysis with a Laban Movement expert and post-performance interviews with audience members, we discuss the differences in how a movement quality was perceived. From these findings, we discuss implications for further efforts in designing interactive movement-based systems that strive to capitalize on movement qualities.	Seeing movement qualities	NA:NA	2018
Juan David Hincapié-Ramos:Pourang Irani	Mobile device use while walking, or eyes-busy mobile interaction, is a leading cause of life-threatening pedestrian collisions. We introduce CrashAlert, a system that augments mobile devices with a depth camera, to provide distance and location visual cues of obstacles on the user's path. In a realistic environment outside the lab, CrashAlert users improve their handling of potential collisions, dodging and slowing down for simple ones while lifting their head in more complex situations. Qualitative results outline the value of extending users' peripheral alertness in eyes-busy mobile interaction through non-intrusive depth cues, as used in CrashAlert. We present the design features of our system and lessons learned from our evaluation.	CrashAlert: enhancing peripheral alertness for eyes-busy mobile interaction while walking	NA:NA	2018
Joshua G. Tanenbaum:Alissa N. Antle:John Robinson	Research into the effects of serious games often engages with interdisciplinary models of how human behaviors are shaped and changed over time. To better understand these different perspectives we articulate three cognitive models of behavior change and consider the potential of these models to support a deeper understanding of behavior change in serious games. Two of these models -- Information Deficit and Procedural Rhetoric -- have already been employed in the design of serious games, while the third -- Emergent Dialogue -- is introduced from the field of Environmental Studies. We situate this discussion within a context of designing games for public engagement with issues of environmental sustainability.	Three perspectives on behavior change for serious games	NA:NA:NA	2018
Serge Egelman	NA	Session details: Papers: understanding privacy	NA	2018
Patrick Gage Kelley:Lorrie Faith Cranor:Norman Sadeh	Smartphones have unprecedented access to sensitive personal information. While users report having privacy concerns, they may not actively consider privacy while downloading apps from smartphone application marketplaces. Currently, Android users have only the Android permissions display, which appears after they have selected an app to download, to help them understand how applications access their information. We investigate how permissions and privacy could play a more active role in app-selection decisions. We designed a short "Privacy Facts' display, which we tested in a 20-participant lab study and a 366-participant online experiment. We found that by bringing privacy information to the user when they were making the decision and by presenting it in a clearer fashion, we could assist users in choosing applications that request fewer permissions.	Privacy as part of the app decision-making process	NA:NA:NA	2018
Vera Khovanskaya:Eric P.S. Baumer:Dan Cosley:Stephen Voida:Geri Gay	We present an alternative approach to the design of personal informatics systems: instead of motivating people to examine their own behaviors, this approach promotes awareness of and reflection on the infrastructures behind personal informatics and the modes of engagement that they promote. Specifically, this paper presents an interface that displays personal web browsing data. The interface aims to reveal underlying infrastructure using several methods: drawing attention to the scope of mined data by displaying deliberately selected sensitive data, using purposeful malfunction as a way to encourage reverse engineering, and challenging normative expectations around data mining by displaying information in unconventional ways. Qualitative results from a two-week deployment show that these strategies can raise people's awareness about data mining, promote efficacy and control over personal data, and inspire reflection on the goals and assumptions embedded in infrastructures for personal data analytics.	"Everybody knows what you're doing": a critical design approach to personal informatics	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Svetlana Yarosh	Twelve-step fellowships are the most common long-term maintenance program for recovery from alcoholism and addiction. Informed by six months of participatory observation of twelve-step fellowship meetings and service structure, I conducted in-depth interviews with twelve members of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) and Narcotics Anonymous (NA) about the role of technology in recovery. I found that there are a number of tensions in how technology is perceived and adopted. As technology and twelve-step fellowships interact, issues of anonymity, identity, consensus, access, unity, autonomy, and physical presence are foregrounded. I relate these findings to the broader research landscape and provide implications for future design in this space.	Shifting dynamics or breaking sacred traditions?: the role of technology in twelve-step fellowships	NA	2018
Shahar Ronen:Oriana Riva:Maritza Johnson:Donald Thompson	Online services collect personal data from their users, sometimes with no clear need. We studied how users sign-in to web sites using federated IDs, and found that most survey respondents were not aware of the data they expose. However, when presented with the tradeoffs behind each sign-in option, respondents reported a willingness to change how they sign-in to reduce their data exposure or, in fewer cases, to increase it to receive more benefits from the service. Our findings suggest that data exposure is a concern for users, and that there is a need for finding clearer ways for communicating it for each sign-in option.	Taking data exposure into account: how does it affect the choice of sign-in accounts?	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Saurabh Panjwani:Nisheeth Shrivastava:Saurabh Shukla:Sharad Jaiswal	Contemporary search engines use a variety of techniques to personalize search results based on users' past queries. While studies have found that users generally prefer personalized search results to non-personalized ones, recent surveys also indicate growing reservations with respect to personalization because of its privacy implications. In this paper, we take a deeper look at privacy considerations of users during web search and explore how users' preferences for privacy and personalization interact when undertaking this activity. We conduct an empirical study over Google search, involving 25 participants in India and their respective web search histories. Our finding is that users exhibit a slight preference for personalization in their search results but are usually willing to "give up" personalization when searching for topics they deem sensitive. We discuss implications of these results for the design of privacy-preserving tools for web search.	Understanding the privacy-personalization dilemma for web search: a user perspective	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Mark Selby	NA	Session details: Papers: design strategies	NA	2018
Barbara Grosse-Hering:Jon Mason:Dzmitry Aliakseyeu:Conny Bakker:Pieter Desmet	In this paper we report on an exploration of how to apply the theory of Slow Design to mass produced products to establish more mindful usage of products; the intention behind this is to promote product attachment and the associated sustainable benefits of long term use. Slow Design is a design philosophy that focuses on promoting well-being for individuals, society, and the natural environment. It encourages people to do things at the right time and at the right speed which helps them to understand and reflect on their actions. Several authors have proposed Slow Design principles and cases have been reported in which these principles were applied in cultural design projects. These applications indicated that Slow Design can indeed have a positive impact on wellbeing. Although promising, this philosophy has not yet been used in the design of mass consumer products. In this paper we present a design case study in which we explored how the Slow Design principles can be applied in the design of an electric fruit juicer. Two studies are reported on where the conditions for implementing Slow Design are explored. The results led to a revision of the principles for use by product designers. The main finding from the case study is that the Slow Design principles can be used to create more 'mindful' interactions that stimulate positive user involvement. This is not from designing interactions that require more time per se, but by stimulating the user to use more time for those parts of the interaction that are meaningful and less for those that are not meaningful.	Slow design for meaningful interactions	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jayne Wallace:John McCarthy:Peter C. Wright:Patrick Olivier	Probes have been adopted with great enthusiasm in both Design and HCI. The heterogeneity with which they have been used in practice reflects how the method has proved elusive for many. Originators and commentators of probes have discussed misinterpretations of the method, highlighting the lack of accounts that describe in detail the design of probes and their use with participants. This paper discusses our particular use of Design Probes as directed craft objects that are both tools for design and tools for exploration across a number of projects, spanning a decade, centered on self-identity and personal significance. In offering an example of what a framework for probe design and use might look like, we attempt to address the identified lacuna, providing a synthetic account of probe design and use over an extended period and conceptualizing the relationship between the properties of probes and their use in design projects.	Making design probes work	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
William W. Gaver:John Bowers:Kirsten Boehner:Andy Boucher:David W.T. Cameron:Mark Hauenstein:Nadine Jarvis:Sarah Pennington	In this project, we investigated how a ludic approach might open new possibilities for environmental HCI by designing three related devices that encourage environmental awareness while eschewing utilitarian or persuasive agendas. In addition, we extended our methodological approach by batch-producing multiple copies of each device and deploying them to 20 households for several months, gathering a range of accounts about how people engaged and used them. The devices, collectively called the 'Indoor Weather Stations', reveal the home's microclimate by highlighting small gusts of wind, the colour of ambient light, and temperature differentials within the home. We found that participants initially tended to relate to the devices in line with two 'orienting narratives' of environmental tools or ludic designs, finding the devices disappointing from either perspective. Most of our participants showed lingering affection for the devices, however, for a variety of reasons. We discuss the implications of this 'sporadic interaction', and the more general lessons from the project, both for environmental HCI and ludic design.	Indoor weather stations: investigating a ludic approach to environmental HCI through batch prototyping	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Valentina Nisi	NA	Session details: Papers: tensions in social media	NA	2018
Nina Valkanova:Sergi Jorda:Martin Tomitsch:Andrew Vande Moere	Public displays and projections are becoming increasingly available in various informal urban settings. However, their potential impact on informing and engaging citizens on relevant issues has still been largely unexplored. In this paper, we show that visualizations displayed in public settings are able to increase social awareness and discourse by exposing underlying patterns in data that is submitted by citizens. We thus introduce the design and evaluation of Reveal-it!, a public, interactive projection that facilitates the comparison of the energy consumptions of individuals and communities. Our in-the-wild deployment in three distinct physical locations provided insights into: 1) how people responded to this form of display in different contexts; 2) how it influenced people's perception and discussion of individual and communal data; and 3) the implications for a public visualization as a tool for increasing awareness and discourse. We conclude by discussing emerging participant behaviors, as well as some challenges involved in facilitating a socially motivated crowd-sourced visualization in the public context.	Reveal-it!: the impact of a social visualization projection on public awareness and discourse	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Sebastian Denef:Petra S. Bayerl:Nico A. Kaptein	With this paper we take a first step to understand the appropriation of social media by the police. For this purpose we analyzed the Twitter communication by the London Metropolitan Police (MET) and the Greater Manchester Police (GMP) during the riots in August 2011. The systematic comparison of tweets demonstrates that the two forces developed very different practices for using Twitter. While MET followed an instrumental approach in their communication, in which the police aimed to remain in a controlled position and keep a distance to the general public, GMP developed an expressive approach, in which the police actively decreased the distance to the citizens. In workshops and interviews, we asked the police officers about their perspectives, which confirmed the identified practices. Our study discusses benefits and risks of the two approaches and the potential impact of social media on the evolution of the role of police in society.	Social media and the police: tweeting practices of british police forces during the August 2011 riots	NA:NA:NA	2018
