Charles Chen:Sungchul Kim:Hung Bui:Ryan Rossi:Eunyee Koh:Branislav Kveton:Razvan Bunescu	The rapid growth of mobile devices has resulted in the generation of a large number of user behavior logs that contain latent intentions and user interests. However, exploiting such data in real-world applications is still difficult for service providers due to the complexities of user behavior over a sheer number of possible actions that can vary according to time. In this work, a time-aware RNN model, TRNN, is proposed for predictive analysis from user behavior data. First, our approach predicts next user action more accurately than the baselines including the n-gram models as well as two recently introduced time-aware RNN approaches. Second, we use TRNN to learn user embeddings from sequences of user actions and show that overall the TRNN embeddings outperform conventional RNN embeddings. Similar to how word embeddings benefit a wide range of task in natural language processing, the learned user embeddings are general and could be used in a variety of tasks in the digital marketing area. This claim is supported empirically by evaluating their utility in user conversion prediction, and preferred application prediction. According to the evaluation results, TRNN embeddings perform better than the baselines including Bag of Words (BoW), TFIDF and Doc2Vec. We believe that TRNN embeddings provide an effective representation for solving practical tasks such as recommendation, user segmentation and predictive analysis of business metrics.	Predictive Analysis by Leveraging Temporal User Behavior and User Embeddings	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Krishnaram Kenthapadi:Thanh T. L. Tran	Preserving privacy of users is a key requirement of web-scale analytics and reporting applications, and has witnessed a renewed focus in light of recent data breaches and new regulations such as GDPR. We focus on the problem of computing robust, reliable analytics in a privacy-preserving manner, while satisfying product requirements. We present PriPeARL, a framework for privacy-preserving analytics and reporting, inspired by differential privacy. We describe the overall design and architecture, and the key modeling components, focusing on the unique challenges associated with privacy, coverage, utility, and consistency. We perform an experimental study in the context of ads analytics and reporting at LinkedIn, thereby demonstrating the tradeoffs between privacy and utility needs, and the applicability of privacy-preserving mechanisms to real-world data. We also highlight the lessons learned from the production deployment of our system at LinkedIn.	PriPeARL: A Framework for Privacy-Preserving Analytics and Reporting at LinkedIn	NA:NA	2018
Junqi Jin:Chengru Song:Han Li:Kun Gai:Jun Wang:Weinan Zhang	Real-time advertising allows advertisers to bid for each impression for a visiting user. To optimize specific goals such as maximizing revenue and return on investment (ROI) led by ad placements, advertisers not only need to estimate the relevance between the ads and user's interests, but most importantly require a strategic response with respect to other advertisers bidding in the market. In this paper, we formulate bidding optimization with multi-agent reinforcement learning. To deal with a large number of advertisers, we propose a clustering method and assign each cluster with a strategic bidding agent. A practical Distributed Coordinated Multi-Agent Bidding (DCMAB) has been proposed and implemented to balance the tradeoff between the competition and cooperation among advertisers. The empirical study on our industry-scaled real-world data has demonstrated the effectiveness of our methods. Our results show cluster-based bidding would largely outperform single-agent and bandit approaches, and the coordinated bidding achieves better overall objectives than purely self-interested bidding agents.	Real-Time Bidding with Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning in Display Advertising	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Guolei Yang:Ying Cai:Chandan K. Reddy	We introduce a new problem, namely, check-in time prediction where the goal is to predict the time when a given user will check-in to a location of interest. We design a novel Recurrent Spatio-Temporal Point Process (RSTPP) model for check-in time prediction. RSTPP addresses two key challenges: 1) Data scarcity due to uneven distribution of check-ins among users/locations. 2) User trajectories contain valuable information that is ignored by standard temporal point process which only considers historical event times. RSTPP is designed to learn the latent dependencies of event times over both historical events and spatio-temporal information about locations a user visited before check-in to the location of interest. We evaluate RSTPP on several real-world datasets, and it significantly outperforms state-of-the-art event time predicting techniques. Our work derives a set of practical implications that can benefit a wide spectrum of applications.	Recurrent Spatio-Temporal Point Process for Check-in Time Prediction	NA:NA:NA	2018
Yuhang Zhang:Kee Siong Ng:Tania Churchill:Peter Christen	Accurate and efficient entity resolution is an open challenge of particular relevance to intelligence organisations that collect large datasets from disparate sources with differing levels of quality and standard. Starting from a first-principles formulation of entity resolution, this paper presents a novel entity resolution algorithm that introduces a data-driven blocking and record linkage technique based on the probabilistic identification of entity signatures in data. The scalability and accuracy of the proposed algorithm are evaluated using benchmark datasets and shown to achieve state-of-the-art results. The proposed algorithm can be implemented simply on modern parallel databases, which we have done in the financial intelligence domain with tens of Terabytes of noisy data.	Scalable Entity Resolution Using Probabilistic Signatures on Parallel Databases	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Evangelos Papalexakis:Konstantinos Pelechrinis	During the past few years advancements in sports information systems and technology has allowed the collection of a number of detailed spatio-temporal data that capture various aspects of basketball. For example, shot charts, that is, maps capturing locations of (made or missed) shots, and spatio-temporal trajectories for the players on the court can capture information about the offensive and defensive tendencies, as well as, schemes used by a team. Characterization of these processes is important for player and team comparisons, scouting, game preparation etc. Team and player tendencies have traditionally been compared in a heuristic manner, which inevitably can lead to subtle but crucial information being ignored. Recently automated ways for these comparisons have appeared in the sports analytics literature. However, these approaches are almost exclusively focused on the spatial distribution of the underlying actions (usually shots taken), ignoring a multitude of other parameters that can affect the action studied. In this study, we propose a framework based on tensor decomposition for obtaining a set of prototype spatio-temporal patterns based on the core spatio-temporal information and contextual meta-data. At the epicenter of our work is a 3D tensor $\tensor$, whose dimensions represent the entity under consideration (team, player, possession etc.), the location on the court and time. We make use of the PARAFAC decomposition and we decompose the tensor into several interpretable patterns, that can be thought of as prototype patterns of the process examined (e.g., shot selection, offensive schemes etc.). We also introduce an approach for choosing the number of components to be considered. Using the tensor components, we can then express every entity as a weighted combination of these components. Finally, the framework introduced in this paper has applications that go beyond purely pattern analysis. In particular, it can facilitate a variety of tasks in the work-flow of a franchise's basketball operations as well as in the sports analytics research community.	tHoops: A Multi-Aspect Analytical Framework for Spatio-Temporal Basketball Data	NA:NA	2018
Anthony Bell:Prathyusha Senthil Kumar:Daniel Miranda	Search relevance is a very critical component in e-commerce applications. One of the strongest signals that determine the relevance of an item listing to an e-commerce query is the title of the item. Traditional methods for capturing this signal compare words in listing titles and the user query using tf-idf scores, or use a machine learned model with words as features and target clicks or relevance labels. Contrary to these approaches, we build a parameterized model to determine the weights of popular title terms for a query and then use these title term weights to compute the relevance of a listing title to the query. For this, we use human judged binary relevance labels of query and item title pairs as labeled data and train a model leveraging a variety of features to learn these query specific title term weights. We propose two novel approaches to model these title term weights using the relevance target and explore several novel features specific to e-commerce for this term weighting model. We use the resulting title relevance score as a feature in eBay's machine learned ranker for e-commerce search serving millions of queries each day. We observe a significant improvement over a baseline click-based binary independence model for capturing item title relevance in several metrics including model accuracy and overall relevance and engagement observed through A/B testing. We also experimentally illustrate that this feature optimized for relevance works well in conjunction with textual features optimized for demand.	The Title Says It All: A Title Term Weighting Strategy For eCommerce Ranking	NA:NA:NA	2018
Rishabh Mehrotra:James McInerney:Hugues Bouchard:Mounia Lalmas:Fernando Diaz	Two-sided marketplaces are platforms that have customers not only on the demand side (e.g. users), but also on the supply side (e.g. retailer, artists). While traditional recommender systems focused specifically towards increasing consumer satisfaction by providing relevant content to consumers, two-sided marketplaces face the problem of additionally optimizing for supplier preferences, and visibility. Indeed, the suppliers would want afair opportunity to be presented to users. Blindly optimizing for consumer relevance may have a detrimental impact on supplier fairness. Motivated by this problem, we focus on the trade-off between objectives of consumers and suppliers in the case of music streaming services, and consider the trade-off betweenrelevance of recommendations to the consumer (i.e. user) andfairness of representation of suppliers (i.e. artists) and measure their impact on consumersatisfaction. We propose a conceptual and computational framework using counterfactual estimation techniques to understand, and evaluate different recommendation policies, specifically around the trade-off between relevance and fairness, without the need for running many costly A/B tests. We propose a number of recommendation policies which jointly optimize relevance and fairness, thereby achieving substantial improvement in supplier fairness without noticeable decline in user satisfaction. Additionally, we consider user disposition towards fair content, and propose a personalized recommendation policy which takes into account consumer's tolerance towards fair content. Our findings could guide the design of algorithms powering two-sided marketplaces, as well as guide future research on sophisticated algorithms for joint optimization of user relevance, satisfaction and fairness.	Towards a Fair Marketplace: Counterfactual Evaluation of the trade-off between Relevance, Fairness & Satisfaction in Recommendation Systems	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Rohan Ramanath:Hakan Inan:Gungor Polatkan:Bo Hu:Qi Guo:Cagri Ozcaglar:Xianren Wu:Krishnaram Kenthapadi:Sahin Cem Geyik	Talent search and recommendation systems at LinkedIn strive to match the potential candidates to the hiring needs of a recruiter or a hiring manager expressed in terms of a search query or a job posting. Recent work in this domain has mainly focused on linear models, which do not take complex relationships between features into account, as well as ensemble tree models, which introduce non-linearity but are still insufficient for exploring all the potential feature interactions, and strictly separate feature generation from modeling. In this paper, we present the results of our application of deep and representation learning models on LinkedIn Recruiter. Our key contributions include: (i) Learning semantic representations of sparse entities within the talent search domain, such as recruiter ids, candidate ids, and skill entity ids, for which we utilize neural network models that take advantage of LinkedIn Economic Graph, and (ii) Deep models for learning recruiter engagement and candidate response in talent search applications. We also explore learning to rank approaches applied to deep models, and show the benefits for the talent search use case. Finally, we present offline and online evaluation results for LinkedIn talent search and recommendation systems, and discuss potential challenges along the path to a fully deep model architecture. The challenges and approaches discussed generalize to any multi-faceted search engine.	Towards Deep and Representation Learning for Talent Search at LinkedIn	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jianglei Han:Ka Hian Goh:Aixin Sun:Mohammad Akbari	Software support tickets contain short and noisy text from the customers. Software products are often represented by various surface forms and informal abbreviations. Automatically identifying software mentions from support tickets and determining the official names and versions are helpful for many downstream applications, \eg routing the support tickets to the right expert groups for support. In this work, we study the problem ofsoftware product name extraction andlinking from support tickets. We first annotate and analyze sampled tickets to understand the language patterns. Next, we design features using local, contextual, and external information sources, for extraction and linking models. In experiments, we show that linear models with the proposed features are able to deliver better and more consistent results, compared with the state-of-the-art baseline models, even on dataset with sparse labels.	Towards Effective Extraction and Linking of Software Mentions from User-Generated Support Tickets	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Xijun Li:Jianguo Yao:Mingxuan Yuan:Jia Zeng	Industrial telecommunication applications prefer to run at the optimal capacity configuration to achieve the required Quality of Service (QoS) at the minimum cost. The optimal capacity configuration is usually achieved through the selection of cell towers capacities and locations. Given a set of service providers (e.g., cell towers) and a set of customers (e.g., major residential areas), where each customer has an amount of demand and each provider has multiple candidate capacities and corresponding costs, the optimal capacity selection is configured through spatial matching to satisfy the demand of each customer at the minimum cost. However, existing solutions developed for spatial matching, in which each provider's capacity is fixed, cannot be directly applied to the capacity configuration problem with multiple capacities and location selections. In this paper, we are the first to study Service Provider Configuration and Planning with Optimal Spatial Matching (SPC-POSM) problem, in which the objectives are 1) to select the proper capacity for each provider at the minimum total cost and 2) to assign providers' service to satisfy the demand of each customer on a condition that the matching distance is no more than service quality requirement. We prove that SPC-POSM problem is NP-hard and design an efficient two-layer meta-heuristic framework to solve the problem. Unsupervised learning technique is designed to accelerate the calculation and a novel local search mechanism is embedded to further improve solution quality. Extensive experimental results on both real and synthetic datasets verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed framework.	A Two-Layer Algorithmic Framework for Service Provider Configuration and Planning with Optimal Spatial Matching	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Boris Sharchilev:Michael Roizner:Andrey Rumyantsev:Denis Ozornin:Pavel Serdyukov:Maarten de Rijke	We consider the problem of predicting the success of startup companies at their early development stages. We formulate the task as predicting whether a company that has already secured initial (seed or angel) funding will attract a further round of investment in a given period of time. Previous work on this task has mostly been restricted to mining structured data sources, such as databases of the startup ecosystem consisting of investors, incubators and startups. Instead, we investigate the potential of using web-based open sources for the startup success prediction task and model the task using a very rich set of signals from such sources. In particular, we enrich structured data about the startup ecosystem with information from a business- and employment-oriented social networking service and from the web in general. Using these signals, we train a robust machine learning pipeline encompassing multiple base models using gradient boosting. We show that utilizing companies' mentions on the Web yields a substantial performance boost in comparison to only using structured data about the startup ecosystem. We also provide a thorough analysis of the obtained model that allows one to obtain insights into both the types of useful signals discoverable on the Web and market mechanisms underlying the funding process.	Web-based Startup Success Prediction	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Konstantina Bereta:Manolis Koubarakis:Stefan Manegold:George Stamoulis:Begüm Demir	Some particularly important rich sources of open and free big geospatial data are the Earth observation (EO) programs of various countries such as the Landsat program of the US and the Copernicus programme of the European Union. EO data is a paradigmatic case of big data and the same is true for the big information and big knowledge extracted from it. EO data (satellite images and in-situ data), and the information and knowledge extracted from it, can be utilized in many applications with financial and environmental impact in areas such as emergency management, climate change, agriculture and security.	From Big Data to Big Information and Big Knowledge: the Case of Earth Observation Data	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Michalis Vazirgiannis:Fragkiskos D. Malliaros:Giannis Nikolentzos	Graphs have been widely used as modeling tools in Natural Language Processing (NLP), Text Mining (TM) and Information Retrieval (IR). Traditionally, the unigram bag-of-words representation is applied; that way, a document is represented as a multiset of its terms, disregarding dependencies between the terms. Although several variants and extensions of this modeling approach have been proposed, the main weakness comes from the underlying term independence assumption; the order of the terms within a document is completely disregarded and any relationship between terms is not taken into account in the final task. To deal with this problem, the research community has explored various representations, and to this direction, graphs constitute a well-developed model for text representation. The goal of this tutorial is to offer a comprehensive presentation of recent methods that rely on graph-based text representations to deal with various tasks in Text Mining, NLP and IR.	GraphRep: Boosting Text Mining, NLP and Information Retrieval with Graphs	NA:NA:NA	2018
Iman Elghandour:Ahmet Kara:Dan Olteanu:Stijn Vansummeren	Many applications from various disciplines are now required to analyze fast evolving big data in real time. Various approaches for incremental processing of queries have been proposed over the years. Traditional approaches rely on updating the results of a query when updates are streamed rather than re-computing these queries, and therefore, higher execution performance is expected. However, they do not perform well for large databases that are updated at high frequencies. Therefore, new algorithms and approaches have been proposed in the literature to address these challenges by, for instance, reducing the complexity of processing updates. Moreover, many of these algorithms are now leveraging distributed streaming platforms such as Spark Streaming and Flink. In this tutorial, we briefly discuss legacy approaches for incremental query processing, and then give an overview of the new challenges introduced due to processing big data streams. We then discuss in detail the recently proposed algorithms that address some of these challenges. We emphasize the characteristics and algorithmic analysis of various proposed approaches and conclude by discussing future research directions.	Incremental Techniques for Large-Scale Dynamic Query Processing	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Joachim Van Herwegen:Pieter Heyvaert:Ruben Taelman:Ben De Meester:Anastasia Dimou	The process of extracting, structuring, and organizing knowledge requires processing large and originally heterogeneous data sources. Offering existing data as Linked Data increases its shareability, extensibility, and reusability. However, using Linking Data as a means to represent knowledge can be easier said than done. In this tutorial, we elaborate on how to semantically annotate data, and generate and publish Linked Data. We introduce [R2]RML languages to generate Linked Data. We also show how to easily publish Linked Data on the Web as Triple Pattern Fragments. As a result, participants, independently of their knowledge background, can model, annotate and publish Linked Data on their own.	Knowledge Representation as Linked Data: Tutorial	NA:NA:NA:NA:NA	2018
Jiaheng Lu:Irena Holubová:Bogdan Cautis	One of the most challenging issues in the era of Big Data is the Variety of the data. In general, there are two solutions to directly manage multi-model data currently: a single integrated multi-model database system or a tightly-integrated middleware over multiple single-model data stores. In this tutorial, we review and compare these two approaches giving insights on their advantages, trade-offs, and research opportunities. In particular, we dive into four key aspects of technology for both types of systems, namely (1) theoretical foundation of multi-model data management, (2) storage strategies for multi-model data, (3) query languages across models, and (4) query evaluation and its optimization. We provide a comparison of performance for the two approaches and discuss related open problems and remaining challenges. The slides of this tutorial can be found at http://udbms.cs.helsinki.fi/?tutorials/CIKM2018.	Multi-model Databases and Tightly Integrated Polystores: Current Practices, Comparisons, and Open Challenges	NA:NA:NA	2018
Diego Calvanese:Guohui Xiao	Recently, semantic technologies have been successfully deployed to overcome the typical difficulties in accessing and integrating data stored in different kinds of legacy sources. In particular, knowledge graphs are being used as a mechanism to provide a uniform representation of heterogeneous information. Such graphs represent data in the RDF format, which is complemented by an ontology and can be queried using the standard SPARQL language. The RDF graph is often obtained by materializing source data, following the traditional extract-transform-load workflow. Alternatively, the sources are declaratively mapped to the ontology, and the RDF graph is maintained virtual. In such an approach, usually called ontology-based data access/integration (OBDA/I), query answering is based on sophisticated query transformation techniques. In this tutorial: (i) we provide a general introduction to semantic technologies; (ii) we illustrate the principles underlying OBDA/I, providing insights into its theoretical foundations, and describing well-established algorithms, techniques, and tools; (iii) we discuss relevant use-cases for OBDA/I; (iv) we provide an overview on some recent advancements.	Semantic Technologies for Data Access and Integration	NA:NA	2018
Qingyao Ai:Jiaxin Mao:Yiqun Liu:W. Bruce Croft	Implicit feedback (e.g., user clicks) is an important source of data for modern search engines. While heavily biased [8, 9, 11, 27], it is cheap to collect and particularly useful for user-centric retrieval applications such as search ranking. To develop an unbiased learning-to-rank system with biased feedback, previous studies have focused on constructing probabilistic graphical models (e.g., click models) with user behavior hypothesis to extract and train ranking systems with unbiased relevance signals. Recently, a novel counterfactual learning framework that estimates and adopts examination propensity for unbiased learning to rank has attracted much attention. Despite its popularity, there is no systematic comparison of the unbiased learning-to-rank frameworks based on counterfactual learning and graphical models. In this tutorial, we aim to provide an overview of the fundamental mechanism for unbiased learning to rank. We will describe the theory behind existing frameworks, and give detailed instructions on how to conduct unbiased learning to rank in practice.	Unbiased Learning to Rank: Theory and Practice	NA:NA:NA:NA	2018